Rep. Henry C. Grover , who teaches history in the Houston public schools , would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called `` teaching methods '' courses required to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching certificate .
rep. henry c. grover , who teaches history in the houston public schools , would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called `` teaching methods '' courses [] to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching certificate .

College teachers in Texas are not required to have the Education courses .
college teachers in texas are not [] to have the education courses .

He said he would not be surprised if some of the more than 30 members of the group are interested in running on the required non-partisan ballot for posts on the charter commission .
he said he would not be surprised if some of the more than 30 members of the group are interested in running on the [] non-partisan ballot for posts on the charter commission .

The effectiveness of the governor in clearing up some of the inconsistencies revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can muster the required two-thirds vote .
the effectiveness of the governor in clearing up some of the inconsistencies revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can muster the [] two-thirds vote .

Mr. Schaefer also recommended that the snow emergency route plan , under which parking is banned on key streets and cars are required to use snow tires or chains on them , should be `` strictly enforced '' .
mr. schaefer also recommended that the snow emergency route plan , under which parking is banned on key streets and cars are [] to use snow tires or chains on them , should be `` strictly enforced '' .

`` Emory University's charter and by-laws have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race '' , board chairman Henry L. Bowden stated .
`` emory university's charter and by-laws have never [] admission or rejection of students on the basis of race '' , board chairman henry l. bowden stated .

`` As we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for 1970 and the increase of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be required to reach that goal , management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and marketed '' , Peterson said .
`` as we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for 1970 and the increase of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be [] to reach that goal , management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and marketed '' , peterson said .

One day last week , Nixon faced a painful constitutional chore that required him to officiate at a joint session of Congress to hear the official tally of the Electoral College vote , and then to make `` sufficient declaration '' of the election of the man who defeated him in the tight 1960 presidential election .
one day last week , nixon faced a painful constitutional chore that [] him to officiate at a joint session of congress to hear the official tally of the electoral college vote , and then to make `` sufficient declaration '' of the election of the man who defeated him in the tight 1960 presidential election .

Nixon fulfilled his assignment with grace , then went beyond the required `` sufficient declaration '' .
nixon fulfilled his assignment with grace , then went beyond the [] `` sufficient declaration '' .

They also instituted a ration system under which all employers in the Congo were required to furnish their employes with clothing and adequate food .
they also instituted a ration system under which all employers in the congo were [] to furnish their employes with clothing and adequate food .

Although progress has been made in America's system of libraries it still falls short of what is required if we are to maintain the standards that are needed for an informed America .
although progress has been made in america's system of libraries it still falls short of what is [] if we are to maintain the standards that are needed for an informed america .

There is a trend to packaging meat at a central source , freezing it , and shipping it to outlying stores , where meat cutters will not be required .
there is a trend to packaging meat at a central source , freezing it , and shipping it to outlying stores , where meat cutters will not be [] .

The approval of only three members of the board of school estimate is required to certify the amount of money to be allotted to the college .
the approval of only three members of the board of school estimate is [] to certify the amount of money to be allotted to the college .

If an atom bomb in 1945 could destroy an entire city surely the atomic arsenal we now have is more than adequate to fulfill any military objective required of it .
if an atom bomb in 1945 could destroy an entire city surely the atomic arsenal we now have is more than adequate to fulfill any military objective [] of it .

Far from being irrelevant to the ecumenical task , the Pontiff believes that a revivified Church is required in order that the whole world may see Catholicism in the best possible light .
far from being irrelevant to the ecumenical task , the pontiff believes that a revivified church is [] in order that the whole world may see catholicism in the best possible light .

In 1954 I was drafted and after serving two years honorably on Active Duty I was not required to participate in any further Army Reserve activities .
in 1954 i was drafted and after serving two years honorably on active duty i was not [] to participate in any further army reserve activities .

The spaciousness of the Tudor cooking areas , for example , will provide needed space for the extra television sets required by modern butlers , cooks and maids .
the spaciousness of the tudor cooking areas , for example , will provide needed space for the extra television sets [] by modern butlers , cooks and maids .

Other crucial matters required constant supervision : labor and all noncombatant troops , whose morale was vital , too ; ;
other crucial matters [] constant supervision : labor and all noncombatant troops , whose morale was vital , too ; ;

Today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it .
today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the function [] of it .

Some years ago this Class was judged by celebrities who knew nothing of what was required of a Junior's ability to show a dog .
some years ago this class was judged by celebrities who knew nothing of what was [] of a junior's ability to show a dog .

The number of locking bars required depends on how many false moves must be prevented .
the number of locking bars [] depends on how many false moves must be prevented .

Mark and center-punch all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together .
mark and center-punch all the holes [] for screws to hold this assembly together .

Place mold or paper pattern on rolled clay and cut clay by holding knife in vertical position ( cut more pieces than required for project to make allowance for defects ; ;
place mold or paper pattern on rolled clay and cut clay by holding knife in vertical position ( cut more pieces than [] for project to make allowance for defects ; ;

Spread article on flat surface to required width before measuring length at center .
spread article on flat surface to [] width before measuring length at center .

Be sure all members are parallel , vertical and level as required .
be sure all members are parallel , vertical and level as [] .

Where a building permit is required , find out what you must present when applying for one .
where a building permit is [] , find out what you must present when applying for one .

In any case , there is no special milling or rabbeting required for the panels .
in any case , there is no special milling or rabbeting [] for the panels .

`` We , the Subscribers , do agree , that as soon as a convenient Number of Persons have subscribed to this , or a similar Writing , We will present a petition to the Hon'ble General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , praying for an Act incorporating into a Body politic the subscribers to such Writing with Liberty to build such a Bridge , and a Right to demand a Toll equal to that received at Malden Bridge , and on like Terms , and if such an Act shall be obtained , then we severally agree each with the others , that we will hold in the said Bridge the several shares set against our respective Names , the whole into two hundred shares being divided , and that we will pay such sums of Money at such Times and in such Manners , as by the said proposed Corporation , shall be directed and required '' .
`` we , the subscribers , do agree , that as soon as a convenient number of persons have subscribed to this , or a similar writing , we will present a petition to the hon'ble general court of the commonwealth of massachusetts , praying for an act incorporating into a body politic the subscribers to such writing with liberty to build such a bridge , and a right to demand a toll equal to that received at malden bridge , and on like terms , and if such an act shall be obtained , then we severally agree each with the others , that we will hold in the said bridge the several shares set against our respective names , the whole into two hundred shares being divided , and that we will pay such sums of money at such times and in such manners , as by the said proposed corporation , shall be directed and [] '' .

How much study is required ? ?
how much study is [] ? ?

Nearly level areas are required for parking areas , beaches , camp areas , ballfields , etcetera .
nearly level areas are [] for parking areas , beaches , camp areas , ballfields , etcetera .

Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required .
also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was [] .

A sonar or radar-type of pulse generator and time-delay measuring system is required for body-tissue evaluation .
a sonar or radar-type of pulse generator and time-delay measuring system is [] for body-tissue evaluation .

The final choice of material depends upon such factors as costs , method of fabrication , degree of complexity , number of units required , time available for tooling , and projected life expectancy of the unit .
the final choice of material depends upon such factors as costs , method of fabrication , degree of complexity , number of units [] , time available for tooling , and projected life expectancy of the unit .

The film has an adhesive on the back which permits it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign , and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as required .
the film has an adhesive on the back which permits it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign , and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as [] .

It had required the approval of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt before the John Harvey could be loaded with 100 tons of mustard gas and despatched to the Italian warfront .
it had [] the approval of president franklin delano roosevelt before the john harvey could be loaded with 100 tons of mustard gas and despatched to the italian warfront .

As retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves , between the inner brain and the eyes , carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers -- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location .
as retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves , between the inner brain and the eyes , carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers -- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in [] location .

When consciousness deserts the sleeping body and the wakeful world , it continues in the myriad progressions of the ever-present past and future , in a life as vibrant and real as the one left when the body tired and required sleep .
when consciousness deserts the sleeping body and the wakeful world , it continues in the myriad progressions of the ever-present past and future , in a life as vibrant and real as the one left when the body tired and [] sleep .

`` To give up these notions required a revolution in thought '' , Mr. Clark said in reminiscing about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading `` Organic Gardening '' And `` Modern Nutrition '' in a search for help with his problems .
`` to give up these notions [] a revolution in thought '' , mr. clark said in reminiscing about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading `` organic gardening '' and `` modern nutrition '' in a search for help with his problems .

The human body -- he pointed out , for example -- required 33 units of blue light .
the human body -- he pointed out , for example -- [] 33 units of blue light .

He is required to mark every item and to indicate which reading he feels is actually his .
he is [] to mark every item and to indicate which reading he feels is actually his .

To go outside the few cities required permits .
to go outside the few cities [] permits .

It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food .
it appears that an orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the jewish service groups because she would not travel on saturday and , in addition , [] kosher food .

They were not capable of supporting themselves off the plantation , and Louisiana law required their removal from the state .
they were not capable of supporting themselves off the plantation , and louisiana law [] their removal from the state .

First and foremost , vocational courses should not replace courses which are essential parts of the required academic program for graduation .
first and foremost , vocational courses should not replace courses which are essential parts of the [] academic program for graduation .

It required both a quick and swift hoss and a darin' rider .
it [] both a quick and swift hoss and a darin' rider .

He often spoke of them as his `` ecumenical '' glasses and used them as a symbol of the kind of vision that is required in the church .
he often spoke of them as his `` ecumenical '' glasses and used them as a symbol of the kind of vision that is [] in the church .

Erikson has noted that , unless this trust developed early , the time ambivalence experienced , in varying degree and temporarily , by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood , while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by adulthood ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion .
erikson has noted that , unless this trust developed early , the time ambivalence experienced , in varying degree and temporarily , by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood , while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning [] by adulthood ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion .

Hundreds of men are required to pass the word to the button pushers and to push the buttons .
hundreds of men are [] to pass the word to the button pushers and to push the buttons .

At any rate , three men out of a six-man B-52 crew are required to copy down Wisman's go-to-war message .
at any rate , three men out of a six-man b-52 crew are [] to copy down wisman's go-to-war message .

If an automobile were approaching him , he would know what was required of him , even though he might not be able to act quickly enough .
if an automobile were approaching him , he would know what was [] of him , even though he might not be able to act quickly enough .

It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 .
it will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network [] , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in table 1 .

To escape from a prison camp required a very special state of mind ; ;
to escape from a prison camp [] a very special state of mind ; ;

If in any one calculation Ptolemy had had to invoke 83 epicycles all at once , while Copernicus never required more than one third this number , then ( in the sense obvious to Margenau ) Ptolemaic astronomy would be simpler than Copernican .
if in any one calculation ptolemy had had to invoke 83 epicycles all at once , while copernicus never [] more than one third this number , then ( in the sense obvious to margenau ) ptolemaic astronomy would be simpler than copernican .

But no single planetary problem ever required of Ptolemy more than six epicycles at one time .
but no single planetary problem ever [] of ptolemy more than six epicycles at one time .

This is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems .
this is more ambitious than ptolemy is ever [] to be when he faces his isolated problems .

The latter required juggling several elements simultaneously .
the latter [] juggling several elements simultaneously .

The Axioms required to make the theoretical machinery operate are set out tersely and powerfully , so that all permissible operations within the theory can be traced rigorously back to these axioms , rules , and primitive notions .
the axioms [] to make the theoretical machinery operate are set out tersely and powerfully , so that all permissible operations within the theory can be traced rigorously back to these axioms , rules , and primitive notions .

There are in The Almagest no rules for determining in advance whether a new epicycle will be required for dealing with abberations in lunar , solar , or planetary behavior .
there are in the almagest no rules for determining in advance whether a new epicycle will be [] for dealing with abberations in lunar , solar , or planetary behavior .

Copernicus required a systematically integrated , physically intelligible astronomy .
copernicus [] a systematically integrated , physically intelligible astronomy .

In any case , Miss Millay's sweet-throated bitterness , her variations on the theme that the world was not only well lost for love but even well lost for lost love , her constant and wonderfully tragic posture , so unlike that of Fitzgerald since it required no scenery or props , drew from the me that I was when I fell upon her verses an overwhelming yea .
in any case , miss millay's sweet-throated bitterness , her variations on the theme that the world was not only well lost for love but even well lost for lost love , her constant and wonderfully tragic posture , so unlike that of fitzgerald since it [] no scenery or props , drew from the me that i was when i fell upon her verses an overwhelming yea .

To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had .
to you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its biblical , or should i say technical sense , and therefore i suppose i must make myself quite clear by saying that i lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before i was legally entitled , and in fact by oath [] , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads i had .

Oxford , realizing that the law required the issuance of the writ , took the opposite view , for which the Queen never forgave him .
oxford , realizing that the law [] the issuance of the writ , took the opposite view , for which the queen never forgave him .

In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required .
in any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be [] .

The horseman required eleven times more than the footman .
the horseman [] eleven times more than the footman .

They had to take blood samples to the laboratory to test them , for one thing , and there was much required preliminary procedure .
they had to take blood samples to the laboratory to test them , for one thing , and there was much [] preliminary procedure .

In describing it to Professor Baker after it had been chosen for production , he defended his great array of characters by declaring that he had included that many not because `` I didn't know how to save paint '' , but because the play required them .
in describing it to professor baker after it had been chosen for production , he defended his great array of characters by declaring that he had included that many not because `` i didn't know how to save paint '' , but because the play [] them .

After complimenting Morgan and the riflemen and saying he was praising them to Congress , too , the ardent Frenchman added he felt that Congress should make some financial restitution to the widow and family of Morris , but that he knew Morgan realized how long such action usually required , if it was done at all .
after complimenting morgan and the riflemen and saying he was praising them to congress , too , the ardent frenchman added he felt that congress should make some financial restitution to the widow and family of morris , but that he knew morgan realized how long such action usually [] , if it was done at all .

Milton was required to absorb and display an intensive and accurate knowledge of Latin grammar , logic-rhetoric , ethics , physics or natural philosophy , metaphysics , and Latin , Greek , and Hebrew .
milton was [] to absorb and display an intensive and accurate knowledge of latin grammar , logic-rhetoric , ethics , physics or natural philosophy , metaphysics , and latin , greek , and hebrew .

Ball games , especially football , required some attention , and other organized sports may have attracted him as participant or spectator .
ball games , especially football , [] some attention , and other organized sports may have attracted him as participant or spectator .

To do this successfully required great skill and a special talent for both solemn and ribald raillery , a talent not bestowed on many persons , but one with which Milton was marked as being endowed and in which , at least in this performance , he obviously reveled .
to do this successfully [] great skill and a special talent for both solemn and ribald raillery , a talent not bestowed on many persons , but one with which milton was marked as being endowed and in which , at least in this performance , he obviously reveled .

`` Something much more thorough is required '' .
`` something much more thorough is [] '' .

What is required is the full implementation of Article 2 of the Treaty , which provides : `` The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being .
what is [] is the full implementation of article 2 of the treaty , which provides : `` the parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being .

Such measures are essential to its job of presenting business and Government with the facts required to meet the objective of expanding business and improving the operation of the economy .
such measures are essential to its job of presenting business and government with the facts [] to meet the objective of expanding business and improving the operation of the economy .

The amount which may be borrowed from the SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan .
the amount which may be borrowed from the sba depends on how much is [] to carry out the intended purpose of the loan .

Each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored .
each applicant is [] to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored .

Others have so-called development plans , but some of these are little more than lists of projects collected from various ministries while others are statements of goals without analysis of the actions required to attain them .
others have so-called development plans , but some of these are little more than lists of projects collected from various ministries while others are statements of goals without analysis of the actions [] to attain them .

Many of the individual projects for which development assistance is required call for expenditures over lengthy periods .
many of the individual projects for which development assistance is [] call for expenditures over lengthy periods .

If they feel that we are taking a long-term view of their problems and are prepared to enter into reasonably long-term association with them in their development activities , they will be much more likely to undertake the difficult tasks required .
if they feel that we are taking a long-term view of their problems and are prepared to enter into reasonably long-term association with them in their development activities , they will be much more likely to undertake the difficult tasks [] .

No change is required for these towns .
no change is [] for these towns .

Assuming an adjustment to the July 1 to June 30 fiscal year , the required adjustment of the tax collection years and the towns involved are shown in Table 3 .
assuming an adjustment to the july 1 to june 30 fiscal year , the [] adjustment of the tax collection years and the towns involved are shown in table 3 .

and ( C ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States .
and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are [] to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this act : provided , that funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the secretary of state to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the united states , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the united states : and provided further , that every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the united states for the use of the united states throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the united states .

During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , the Medical Museum was required to move to Temporary Building `` S '' on the Mall from Chase Hall .
during the period from 1 july 1960 through 31 january 1961 , the medical museum was [] to move to temporary building `` s '' on the mall from chase hall .

in interstellar gas , concentrations as low as Af molecules per Af may be sufficient , as compared to the Af hydrogen atom's Af required for detection of the 21-cm line .
in interstellar gas , concentrations as low as af molecules per af may be sufficient , as compared to the af hydrogen atom's af [] for detection of the 21-cm line .

Any and all payments required to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury under this title pursuant to any award made by the Commission to the Government of the United States shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts .
any and all payments [] to be made by the secretary of the treasury under this title pursuant to any award made by the commission to the government of the united states shall be covered into the treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts .

and ( 2 ) such other special funds as may , in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury , be required each to be a claims fund to be known by the name of the foreign government which has entered into a settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title .
and ( 2 ) such other special funds as may , in the discretion of the secretary of the treasury , be [] each to be a claims fund to be known by the name of the foreign government which has entered into a settlement agreement with the government of the united states as described in subsection ( a ) of section 4 of this title .

The Secretary of the Treasury , upon the concurrence of the Secretary of State , is authorized and directed , out of the sum covered into the Yugoslav Claims Fund pursuant to subsection ( B ) of this section , after completing the payments of such funds pursuant to subsection ( C ) of this Section , to make payment of the balance of any sum remaining in such fund to the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia to the extent required under Article 1 ( C ) of the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 .
the secretary of the treasury , upon the concurrence of the secretary of state , is authorized and directed , out of the sum covered into the yugoslav claims fund pursuant to subsection ( b ) of this section , after completing the payments of such funds pursuant to subsection ( c ) of this section , to make payment of the balance of any sum remaining in such fund to the government of the federal people's republic of yugoslavia to the extent [] under article 1 ( c ) of the yugoslav claims agreement of 1948 .

Beginning in 1960 , the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted ( upward or downward , as required ) 25% a year , so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40% pivot State share , with maximum and minimum State shares of 50% and 30% , respectively .
beginning in 1960 , the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted ( upward or downward , as [] ) 25% a year , so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40% pivot state share , with maximum and minimum state shares of 50% and 30% , respectively .

A contractor probably would be required to help build it .
a contractor probably would be [] to help build it .

Under its plan Du Pont would retain its General Motors shares but be required to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares .
under its plan du pont would retain its general motors shares but be [] to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares .

Christiana and Delaware would , in turn , be required to pass on the voting rights to the General Motors shares allocable to them to their own stockholders .
christiana and delaware would , in turn , be [] to pass on the voting rights to the general motors shares allocable to them to their own stockholders .

General Motors comprehensively contended that the Government plan would not be `` in the public interest '' as required by the mandate of this Court .
general motors comprehensively contended that the government plan would not be `` in the public interest '' as [] by the mandate of this court .

While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer's report be placed in the registrant's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 .
while the regulations formerly [] that the hearing officer's report be placed in the registrant's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 .

Can the President or the Secretary act under existing authority , or will new legislation and new money be required ? ?
can the president or the secretary act under existing authority , or will new legislation and new money be [] ? ?

We cannot test public opinion until the President and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action .
we cannot test public opinion until the president and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is [] and have asked them for support for the necessary action .

If it is decided to make a small shift which may be required from military aid or special assistance funds , in order to carry out the purposes of the Mutual Security Act through this new peaceful program , this will be a hopeful sign to the world .
if it is decided to make a small shift which may be [] from military aid or special assistance funds , in order to carry out the purposes of the mutual security act through this new peaceful program , this will be a hopeful sign to the world .

The increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment .
the increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance [] for newer weapons and equipment .

Class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) .
class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are [] to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) .

The same restrictions apply after local sunset in the case of class 3 , stations operating on regional channels , which after that time are required to operate under nighttime restrictions in order to protect each other .
the same restrictions apply after local sunset in the case of class 3 , stations operating on regional channels , which after that time are [] to operate under nighttime restrictions in order to protect each other .

On the remainder of the clear channels , the dominant ( class 1 ) -- B stations are protected as described above , and the relatively small number of secondary ( class 2 ) ) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate directionally and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class 1 , stations .
on the remainder of the clear channels , the dominant ( class 1 ) -- b stations are protected as described above , and the relatively small number of secondary ( class 2 ) ) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are [] to operate directionally and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class 1 , stations .

Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours .
essentially , the question presented for decision in the present daytime skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for am allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations [] to afford protection to other stations during these hours .

If you were required to file a declaration of estimated tax for the calendar year 1961 , it is not necessary to pay the fourth installment otherwise due on January 15 , 1962 , if you file your income tax return Form 1040 , and pay your tax in full for the calendar year 1961 by January 31 , 1962 .
if you were [] to file a declaration of estimated tax for the calendar year 1961 , it is not necessary to pay the fourth installment otherwise due on january 15 , 1962 , if you file your income tax return form 1040 , and pay your tax in full for the calendar year 1961 by january 31 , 1962 .

Your application must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates .
your application must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were [] to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates .

His income is not required to be included in the return of his parent .
his income is not [] to be included in the return of his parent .

If he had income other than wages subject to withholding , he may be required to file Form 1040 .
if he had income other than wages subject to withholding , he may be [] to file form 1040 .

These machines produce the higher quality stretch yarns required in weaving stretch and textured fabrics .
these machines produce the higher quality stretch yarns [] in weaving stretch and textured fabrics .

Attendance is required at the College Service of Worship or at the Sunday Evening Program or at any regularly organized service of public worship .
attendance is [] at the college service of worship or at the sunday evening program or at any regularly organized service of public worship .

In the second , more shops , laboratories , and staff will be required .
in the second , more shops , laboratories , and staff will be [] .

This tube could be adjusted in its axial direction by an electric drive to establish the required electrode spacing .
this tube could be adjusted in its axial direction by an electric drive to establish the [] electrode spacing .

This small pore size was required to ensure uniformity of the flow leaving the anode .
this small pore size was [] to ensure uniformity of the flow leaving the anode .

Because of the falling characteristic of the rectifier , no ballast resistor was required for stability of operation .
because of the falling characteristic of the rectifier , no ballast resistor was [] for stability of operation .

The temperature was maintained to within about Af for the period of time required to make the measurement ( usually about one hour ) .
the temperature was maintained to within about af for the period of time [] to make the measurement ( usually about one hour ) .

The required amount of carbon tetrachloride was distilled into a series of reaction cells on a manifold on a vacuum line .
the [] amount of carbon tetrachloride was distilled into a series of reaction cells on a manifold on a vacuum line .

De Jager ( 1955 ) has calculated the times required for these particles to reach the atmosphere under the influence of the Poynting-Robertson effect , which in this case causes the orbits to become more and more eccentric without changing the semi-major axis .
de jager ( 1955 ) has calculated the times [] for these particles to reach the atmosphere under the influence of the poynting-robertson effect , which in this case causes the orbits to become more and more eccentric without changing the semi-major axis .

Results from this approach amply confirm the direct observations : about three years are required , there being a possible slight difference between males and females in the time required .
results from this approach amply confirm the direct observations : about three years are [] , there being a possible slight difference between males and females in the time [] .

The following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a 10-foot maximum ) shows , when considered with the foregoing , that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature .
the following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a 10-foot maximum ) shows , when considered with the foregoing , that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time [] for it to mature .

time required to reach maturity ; ;
time [] to reach maturity ; ;

Theoretically , they are capable of extracting their required oxygen either from the surrounding air ( Ghoreyeb and Karsner , '13 ) or from pulmonary arterial blood ( Comroe , '58 ) .
theoretically , they are capable of extracting their [] oxygen either from the surrounding air ( ghoreyeb and karsner , '13 ) or from pulmonary arterial blood ( comroe , '58 ) .

Most countries in this second category share the difficulty of having many of the structures of a modern political and social system without the modern standards of performance required to make them effective .
most countries in this second category share the difficulty of having many of the structures of a modern political and social system without the modern standards of performance [] to make them effective .

Failure confirms the threat , and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the required learning becomes more difficult , so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the decrement in performance is pronounced .
failure confirms the threat , and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the [] learning becomes more difficult , so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the decrement in performance is pronounced .

We propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text .
we propose a method for selecting only dictionary information [] by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text .

Finally , information is retrieved from the dictionary as required by stages of the translation process -- the grammatical description for sentence-structure determination , equivalent-choice information for semantic analysis , and target-language equivalents for output construction .
finally , information is retrieved from the dictionary as [] by stages of the translation process -- the grammatical description for sentence-structure determination , equivalent-choice information for semantic analysis , and target-language equivalents for output construction .

The address Af and the number of cells required to store the form are written in Af ; ;
the address af and the number of cells [] to store the form are written in af ; ;

similarly , as many cells are added as are required .
similarly , as many cells are added as are [] .

The list of text forms in the W-region of memory and the contents of the information cells in the X and Y-regions are no longer required .
the list of text forms in the w-region of memory and the contents of the information cells in the x and y-regions are no longer [] .

The latter is useful for modifying information about some or all forms of a word , hence reducing the work required to improve dictionary contents .
the latter is useful for modifying information about some or all forms of a word , hence reducing the work [] to improve dictionary contents .

If all forms of a paradigm are grouped together within the dictionary , a considerable reduction in the amount of information required is possible .
if all forms of a paradigm are grouped together within the dictionary , a considerable reduction in the amount of information [] is possible .

Entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased .
entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time [] for dictionary operations is decreased .

There simply is not enough material available on the types of job skills that are in demand and the types of training programs that are required or most suitable .
there simply is not enough material available on the types of job skills that are in demand and the types of training programs that are [] or most suitable .

However , the monetary authorities will continue to be required to pay attention to the consequences of their actions with respect to our international balance of payments position and the outflow of gold , as well as with regard to avoiding the creation of excessive liquidity in the economy , which would delay the effectiveness of monetary policy measures in the next expansion phase of the business cycle .
however , the monetary authorities will continue to be [] to pay attention to the consequences of their actions with respect to our international balance of payments position and the outflow of gold , as well as with regard to avoiding the creation of excessive liquidity in the economy , which would delay the effectiveness of monetary policy measures in the next expansion phase of the business cycle .

On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality -- thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience .
on the one hand , the major european nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality -- thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system [] and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous napoleonic experience .

To free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective required that governmental authority -- administrative officials and judges -- be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; ;
to free the factors of production was a major objective of the rising bourgeoisie , and this objective [] that governmental authority -- administrative officials and judges -- be limited as precisely and explicitly as possible ; ;

In 1910 it required the convening of a special three-judge court for the issuance of certain injunctions and allowed direct appeals to the Supreme Court .
in 1910 it [] the convening of a special three-judge court for the issuance of certain injunctions and allowed direct appeals to the supreme court .

if the succession is not of record , all documents relating to such succession , properly certified , are required .
if the succession is not of record , all documents relating to such succession , properly certified , are [] .

Each return required three cards and involved key punching 228 digital columns .
each return [] three cards and involved key punching 228 digital columns .

We have sought to be strictly neutral as between the parties , but at the same time we have been required frequently to rule on specific issues or situations as they arose .
we have sought to be strictly neutral as between the parties , but at the same time we have been [] frequently to rule on specific issues or situations as they arose .

On the one hand do we argue the Supreme Court decision required only that a child not be denied admission to a school on account of his race ? ?
on the one hand do we argue the supreme court decision [] only that a child not be denied admission to a school on account of his race ? ?

Required public education .
[] public education .

Should a political subdivision , state or county or municipality , be required to furnish public education ? ?
should a political subdivision , state or county or municipality , be [] to furnish public education ? ?

A recognition of multiple cost functions is therefore required .
a recognition of multiple cost functions is therefore [] .

At the very first , then , Brumidi was required , by the classically pyramidal shape of his central group , to fill in the triangular space above the seated girl on Liberty's right , before starting on the allegorical figures themselves .
at the very first , then , brumidi was [] , by the classically pyramidal shape of his central group , to fill in the triangular space above the seated girl on liberty's right , before starting on the allegorical figures themselves .

The DIOCS , DTF , and DUF statements are used when required by the Input/Output Control System .
the diocs , dtf , and duf statements are used when [] by the input/output control system .

At the same time further expansion in the Red Bridge Subdivision required the construction of additional sewage treatment facilities .
at the same time further expansion in the red bridge subdivision [] the construction of additional sewage treatment facilities .

The large land areas required for oxidation ponds made this type of treatment financially unattractive to the developer .
the large land areas [] for oxidation ponds made this type of treatment financially unattractive to the developer .

Shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate .
shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which [] the addition of sodium nitrate .

Therefore , because reduction in tasks results in reduction of forces required , the plan should provide for expanding area coverage .
therefore , because reduction in tasks results in reduction of forces [] , the plan should provide for expanding area coverage .

By its nature it has always been of great psychological advantage and small efforts have required considerably greater counter-efforts .
by its nature it has always been of great psychological advantage and small efforts have [] considerably greater counter-efforts .

they are difficult to counter , cost little to maintain until required , and can be put into place quickly .
they are difficult to counter , cost little to maintain until [] , and can be put into place quickly .

Mobile forces are required to localize and attack detected targets , since the systems are not capable of pinpointing a target .
mobile forces are [] to localize and attack detected targets , since the systems are not capable of pinpointing a target .

special equipment required for registering respiration and for recording the contraction of smooth muscles under various conditions was developed by the Instruments Section ( Victor Jackman , W. C. Barnes , J. F. Reiss ) ; ;
special equipment [] for registering respiration and for recording the contraction of smooth muscles under various conditions was developed by the instruments section ( victor jackman , w. c. barnes , j. f. reiss ) ; ;

The radiation doses required for the preservation of foods are in the following ranges : 1 .
the radiation doses [] for the preservation of foods are in the following ranges : 1 .

Selection of a source for commercial irradiation would involve consideration of numerous factors including required dose rate , load factor , throughput , convenience , safety , and most important , costs .
selection of a source for commercial irradiation would involve consideration of numerous factors including [] dose rate , load factor , throughput , convenience , safety , and most important , costs .

Radiation , therefore , is at an initial cost disadvantage even though only 1 to 10 per cent as much radiation energy as heat energy is required for radiopasteurization or radiosterilization .
radiation , therefore , is at an initial cost disadvantage even though only 1 to 10 per cent as much radiation energy as heat energy is [] for radiopasteurization or radiosterilization .

A refrigerated item could also be heated and served in less time than is required for frozen foods of the same type .
a refrigerated item could also be heated and served in less time than is [] for frozen foods of the same type .

The force required to accomplish removal is plotted , by means of an electronic recorder , against distance of removal .
the force [] to accomplish removal is plotted , by means of an electronic recorder , against distance of removal .

If the force required to remove the coatings is plotted against film thickness , a graph as illustrated schematically in Fig. 5 may characteristically result .
if the force [] to remove the coatings is plotted against film thickness , a graph as illustrated schematically in fig. 5 may characteristically result .

Af is the force required to cut a coating of thickness T from the substrate .
af is the force [] to cut a coating of thickness t from the substrate .

The measured force , H , in cutting removal of coatings from their substrates consequently can be seen to be the sum of that force required to cut the coating , Af , that due to the bluntness of the knife , Af , and that due to the friction between the bottom of the knife and the substrate , Af , or Af .
the measured force , h , in cutting removal of coatings from their substrates consequently can be seen to be the sum of that force [] to cut the coating , af , that due to the bluntness of the knife , af , and that due to the friction between the bottom of the knife and the substrate , af , or af .

Basically , this means that simpler processing equipment ( the mixture has good flowing characteristics ) and less external heat ( the foaming reaction is exothermic and develops internal heat ) are required in one-shot foaming , although , at the same time , the problems of controlling the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones .
basically , this means that simpler processing equipment ( the mixture has good flowing characteristics ) and less external heat ( the foaming reaction is exothermic and develops internal heat ) are [] in one-shot foaming , although , at the same time , the problems of controlling the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones .

This term refers to the ability of a material to resist bending stress and is determined by measuring the load required to cause failure by bending .
this term refers to the ability of a material to resist bending stress and is determined by measuring the load [] to cause failure by bending .

Three specimens for each sample to be tested are required in order to arrive at a satisfactory average of performance .
three specimens for each sample to be tested are [] in order to arrive at a satisfactory average of performance .

Add sufficient soap ( and softener if required to counteract hard water ) to furnish a good running suds , or if desired use a synthetic detergent .
add sufficient soap ( and softener if [] to counteract hard water ) to furnish a good running suds , or if desired use a synthetic detergent .

High-gain , photoelectronic image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a sensor or recording instrument exceeds the limits of practicability .
high-gain , photoelectronic image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time [] by a sensor or recording instrument exceeds the limits of practicability .

The photocathode sensitivities S , phosphor efficiencies P , and anode potentials V of the individual stages shall be distinguished by means of subscripts 1 , and 2 , in the text , where required .
the photocathode sensitivities s , phosphor efficiencies p , and anode potentials v of the individual stages shall be distinguished by means of subscripts 1 , and 2 , in the text , where [] .

For the small diameter fibers now technically feasible and required for about 100 Af resolution , Af .
for the small diameter fibers now technically feasible and [] for about 100 af resolution , af .

If , however , we are seeking the optimal R-stage policy for a given feed state , only one search for a maximum is required at the final step .
if , however , we are seeking the optimal r-stage policy for a given feed state , only one search for a maximum is [] at the final step .

Thus a number of operations of the order of Af are required .
thus a number of operations of the order of af are [] .

If all the operating variables were varied simultaneously , Af operations would be required to do the same job , and as R increases this increases very much more rapidly than the number of operations required by the dynamic program .
if all the operating variables were varied simultaneously , af operations would be [] to do the same job , and as r increases this increases very much more rapidly than the number of operations [] by the dynamic program .

The time required for the system to reach a level position is approximately inversely proportional to the servo loop gain .
the time [] for the system to reach a level position is approximately inversely proportional to the servo loop gain .

The amount of platform dip required depends upon the scale factors of the system .
the amount of platform dip [] depends upon the scale factors of the system .

If high accuracy is required in preflight leveling , it is usually necessary to integrate or doubly integrate the accelerometer outputs ( this also minimizes the noise problem ) .
if high accuracy is [] in preflight leveling , it is usually necessary to integrate or doubly integrate the accelerometer outputs ( this also minimizes the noise problem ) .

However , skill is required on the part of an operator to level a platform to any degree of accuracy .
however , skill is [] on the part of an operator to level a platform to any degree of accuracy .

The platform is turned as required by supplying currents to the appropriate gyro torquers .
the platform is turned as [] by supplying currents to the appropriate gyro torquers .

If the drift error is systematic , it can be canceled with a bias circuit which can be arranged and adjusted to supply the required compensating current .
if the drift error is systematic , it can be canceled with a bias circuit which can be arranged and adjusted to supply the [] compensating current .

It required an energy he no longer possessed to be satirical about his father .
it [] an energy he no longer possessed to be satirical about his father .

Inside , carefully packed in straw , were six eggs , but the eye of a poultry psychologist was required to detect what scientifically valuable specimentalia lay inside ; ;
inside , carefully packed in straw , were six eggs , but the eye of a poultry psychologist was [] to detect what scientifically valuable specimentalia lay inside ; ;

His chelas were required to assume the matsyendra posture dressed in hand-woven diapers while he read aloud from Rig-Veda and an assistant guru examined their purses in another room -- nothing was stolen ; ;
his chelas were [] to assume the matsyendra posture dressed in hand-woven diapers while he read aloud from rig-veda and an assistant guru examined their purses in another room -- nothing was stolen ; ;

`` Singing '' as applicable to herself required research .
`` singing '' as applicable to herself [] research .

It was , to Helva , only a matter of the correct reproduction and diaphragmic control required by the music attempted .
it was , to helva , only a matter of the correct reproduction and diaphragmic control [] by the music attempted .

`` Amen '' , said the Reverend Doran , grabbing his rifle propped up against a tombstone , `` and now my brethren , it would seem that our presence is required elsewhere '' .
`` amen '' , said the reverend doran , grabbing his rifle propped up against a tombstone , `` and now my brethren , it would seem that our presence is [] elsewhere '' .

It required strength , bravado , daring to commit murder .
it [] strength , bravado , daring to commit murder .

Steve 's left ear was half-severed and he required more than 250 stitches in a 5-hour operation .
steve 's left ear was half-severed and he [] more than 250 stitches in a 5-hour operation .

Health watchdogs say it indicates the tight martgins on which hospitals are required to run .
health watchdogs say it indicates the tight martgins on which hospitals are [] to run .

Unlike many other countries , young people in Britain , are not required to carry a form of identification .
unlike many other countries , young people in britain , are not [] to carry a form of identification .

For that , you must do night jumps at altitudes so high oxygen is required .
for that , you must do night jumps at altitudes so high oxygen is [] .

It required some heavy duty digging  that 's where the soldiers came in .
it [] some heavy duty digging  that 's where the soldiers came in .

It says the dose of steroids used was appropriate to achieve the anti-inflammatory effect required  it also says that the side effects were discussed .
it says the dose of steroids used was appropriate to achieve the anti-inflammatory effect []  it also says that the side effects were discussed .

It would have taken 25 years to complete and required the Thames to be frozen over for about seventeen years , to prevent the river flooding the deep foundations .
it would have taken 25 years to complete and [] the thames to be frozen over for about seventeen years , to prevent the river flooding the deep foundations .

He says nine men are ready to go if required .
he says nine men are ready to go if [] .

And if the consultant decides an operation is required , as routine patients , they could face another wait of up to a further 2 years .
and if the consultant decides an operation is [] , as routine patients , they could face another wait of up to a further 2 years .

The 250 stitches Stephen Thomas required have now been removed , but both physical and mental scars remain .
the 250 stitches stephen thomas [] have now been removed , but both physical and mental scars remain .

The stewards say the cars should be fitted with catalytic converters to race  the team reckon they 're not required by the regulations 
the stewards say the cars should be fitted with catalytic converters to race  the team reckon they 're not [] by the regulations 

The general concensus is that some housework is required  car cleaning , bed making , one lad even tries his hand at ironing !
the general concensus is that some housework is []  car cleaning , bed making , one lad even tries his hand at ironing !

One of the most demanding things for this choir is the physical stamina required to perform for an hour .
one of the most demanding things for this choir is the physical stamina [] to perform for an hour .

Where man has bred horses for his own purposes their temperaments will differ according to their required role , making racehorses excitable , whereas carthorses will be placid and reliable .
where man has bred horses for his own purposes their temperaments will differ according to their [] role , making racehorses excitable , whereas carthorses will be placid and reliable .

We therefore add a supplement so that we know that the horse is definitely receiving vital micro nutrients ( these are nutrients required in very small quantities ) .
we therefore add a supplement so that we know that the horse is definitely receiving vital micro nutrients ( these are nutrients [] in very small quantities ) .

Because vitamins and trace minerals are required in such minute amounts , they are diluted in a much larger quantity of an inert substance known as a carrier .
because vitamins and trace minerals are [] in such minute amounts , they are diluted in a much larger quantity of an inert substance known as a carrier .

Admission free  no tickets required .
admission free  no tickets [] .

Stop if required or slow census point which is the ones we use .
stop if [] or slow census point which is the ones we use .

So the only ones that probably need to get made are census stop if required etcetera .
so the only ones that probably need to get made are census stop if [] etcetera .

So , required .
so , [] .

some woman that have but perhaps they 've required so much more knowledge in the
some woman that have but perhaps they 've [] so much more knowledge in the

inside . Your dumb comments will not be required !
inside . your dumb comments will not be [] !

An exact roll of the die is not required to enter the square .
an exact roll of the die is not [] to enter the square .

he 's got to take consi into consideration the amount of recovery time that is required , and especially when they 're you know , interfering with the waterworks of somebody
he 's got to take consi into consideration the amount of recovery time that is [] , and especially when they 're you know , interfering with the waterworks of somebody

See this use at any time and repeat as required for treat in the autumn or the spring .
see this use at any time and repeat as [] for treat in the autumn or the spring .

or knowing what the minimum required was
or knowing what the minimum [] was

But spokesman Bob Phillips said it was not an incident which required reporting to the Government .
but spokesman bob phillips said it was not an incident which [] reporting to the government .

Yesterday councillors on Hammersmith and Fulham council 's social services committee said they needed to know full details of the case , but that the law required a child 's interests were put first .
yesterday councillors on hammersmith and fulham council 's social services committee said they needed to know full details of the case , but that the law [] a child 's interests were put first .

The ministry , he said , was arguing over how many carers Mr Robinson required , the sort of car he should have and the extent of his potential loss of earnings .
the ministry , he said , was arguing over how many carers mr robinson [] , the sort of car he should have and the extent of his potential loss of earnings .

Queen Margaret College yesterday announced plans for a major expansion on to a new campus , costing up to 10 million and aimed at carrying the former domestic science school to the size required for university status .
queen margaret college yesterday announced plans for a major expansion on to a new campus , costing up to 10 million and aimed at carrying the former domestic science school to the size [] for university status .

Councillors on the social services committee said yesterday they needed to know full details of the case , but that the law required a child 's best interests be put first .
councillors on the social services committee said yesterday they needed to know full details of the case , but that the law [] a child 's best interests be put first .

Councillors on the social services committee said they needed to know full details of the case , but that the law required a child 's best interests be put first .
councillors on the social services committee said they needed to know full details of the case , but that the law [] a child 's best interests be put first .

Yesterday 's ballot was widely seen as a test of strength for Mr Meciar , whose hand-picked candidate last month outpolled his opposition rival but failed to garner the required three fifths majority in the 150-seat house in two rounds of voting last month .
yesterday 's ballot was widely seen as a test of strength for mr meciar , whose hand-picked candidate last month outpolled his opposition rival but failed to garner the [] three fifths majority in the 150-seat house in two rounds of voting last month .

But further progress is required .
but further progress is [] .

According to the latest figures , they would be required to contribute 132.6 million in the first year of council tax after it was introduced in April .
according to the latest figures , they would be [] to contribute 132.6 million in the first year of council tax after it was introduced in april .

According to the latest figures , they would be required to contribute 132.6 million in the first year of council tax after it was introduced in April .
according to the latest figures , they would be [] to contribute 132.6 million in the first year of council tax after it was introduced in april .

There was one minor injury recorded during an incident at The Forge and four cases which required hospital treatment in Bromley , Kent .
there was one minor injury recorded during an incident at the forge and four cases which [] hospital treatment in bromley , kent .

The council 's permission to the joint purchase was required because the woman had not been resident for six months .
the council 's permission to the joint purchase was [] because the woman had not been resident for six months .

 If not , it will inevitably arouse strong reactions , and the climate required for constructive advance could be disastrously impaired . 
 if not , it will inevitably arouse strong reactions , and the climate [] for constructive advance could be disastrously impaired . 

What was now required was a buyer to come along and recognise  the potential and engineering excellence  of the plant .
what was now [] was a buyer to come along and recognise  the potential and engineering excellence  of the plant .

Most of the urgent safety spending is required on the southern half of the line , which was relaid , resignalled and electrified in the 1960s .
most of the urgent safety spending is [] on the southern half of the line , which was relaid , resignalled and electrified in the 1960s .

 The sergeant told me he had done all that was required and then got stroppy .
 the sergeant told me he had done all that was [] and then got stroppy .

The investment required could be in the region of 100 million .
the investment [] could be in the region of 100 million .

The advocate depute also stressed that the jury required to consider the case against each appellant separately , and that on any view there was sufficient evidence to entitle the jury to hold charge 3 proved against the first appellant .
the advocate depute also stressed that the jury [] to consider the case against each appellant separately , and that on any view there was sufficient evidence to entitle the jury to hold charge 3 proved against the first appellant .

He also claims that negligence finding was made without evidence being led demonstrating the manner in which he did not reach the professionally required standard of care .
he also claims that negligence finding was made without evidence being led demonstrating the manner in which he did not reach the professionally [] standard of care .

The reason is simple  the insulation used in the warm building is 150mm thick , which is twice the building standard required in Britain .
the reason is simple  the insulation used in the warm building is 150mm thick , which is twice the building standard [] in britain .

It believes that a region-wide authority is required to provide enough spending power for the benefit of the entire area .
it believes that a region-wide authority is [] to provide enough spending power for the benefit of the entire area .

The plan would make a lot more sense if pedestrian crossing lights were introduced , but co-ordinated with other existing traffic lights from Teviot Place to the bottom of The Mound so as to reduce the number of stop-start cycles required by through traffic .
the plan would make a lot more sense if pedestrian crossing lights were introduced , but co-ordinated with other existing traffic lights from teviot place to the bottom of the mound so as to reduce the number of stop-start cycles [] by through traffic .

For some , a break from stressful routine is all the therapy required .
for some , a break from stressful routine is all the therapy [] .

For slightly less than $ 10 he offers to mail customers the plans for a do-it-yourself coffin which , until required , doubles as a bookcase .
for slightly less than $ 10 he offers to mail customers the plans for a do-it-yourself coffin which , until [] , doubles as a bookcase .

Discussions are understood to be under way with several companies which have expressed an interest in setting up alongside the plant to supply components to Motorola , which operates on a just-in-time principle of bringing in materials just as they are required for the production process .
discussions are understood to be under way with several companies which have expressed an interest in setting up alongside the plant to supply components to motorola , which operates on a just-in-time principle of bringing in materials just as they are [] for the production process .

Using coastal sites to link arrays of production valves and other components with the pipelines would reduce the amount of work required by divers and specialist vessels .
using coastal sites to link arrays of production valves and other components with the pipelines would reduce the amount of work [] by divers and specialist vessels .

If further bushes are required , they are easily home-grown by cutting the pruned-off young stems into lengths of about 10-12 inches and inserting these fairly close together with only two or three inches above soil level .
if further bushes are [] , they are easily home-grown by cutting the pruned-off young stems into lengths of about 10-12 inches and inserting these fairly close together with only two or three inches above soil level .

With the drop in interest rates and the depreciation of the pound , monetary policy has now been substantially relaxed ; but the twin deficits , of the budget and the balance of payments , indicate that a substantial tightening of fiscal policy is required .
with the drop in interest rates and the depreciation of the pound , monetary policy has now been substantially relaxed ; but the twin deficits , of the budget and the balance of payments , indicate that a substantial tightening of fiscal policy is [] .

Please , the branch 's Mrs Elizabeth Allen says , pass on the message that acknowledgments of mail are not required and indeed delay responses to more important correspondence .
please , the branch 's mrs elizabeth allen says , pass on the message that acknowledgments of mail are not [] and indeed delay responses to more important correspondence .

While the moth-balled shipbuilding facilities , such as landing berths , are still usable , heavy investment is required to upgrade them .
while the moth-balled shipbuilding facilities , such as landing berths , are still usable , heavy investment is [] to upgrade them .

Mr Christie stressed that his appointment was of a temporary nature , saying that the agreement reached in the Court of Session last week had required a fifth  independent  director to be appointed to ensure that all shareholding interests were properly represented .
mr christie stressed that his appointment was of a temporary nature , saying that the agreement reached in the court of session last week had [] a fifth  independent  director to be appointed to ensure that all shareholding interests were properly represented .

Most analysts had been expecting a more gradual approach to the complex rationalisation required by the Zeneca split and the recession 's effects on trading .
most analysts had been expecting a more gradual approach to the complex rationalisation [] by the zeneca split and the recession 's effects on trading .

Weather and subsidence claims were lower , motor and marine insurance results improved and only industrial disease claims required higher provisions .
weather and subsidence claims were lower , motor and marine insurance results improved and only industrial disease claims [] higher provisions .

Pretreatment with nitric acid is not required , but the diatoms should be size fractionated .
pretreatment with nitric acid is not [] , but the diatoms should be size fractionated .

Mr Anderson said the factory failed to report the injury within the required seven-day period .
mr anderson said the factory failed to report the injury within the [] seven-day period .

Mr Anderson said there was a risk of entanglement during operation and the company was required by law to provide covers .
mr anderson said there was a risk of entanglement during operation and the company was [] by law to provide covers .

 Cyclists in bus lanes may also cause delay to buses , although banning cyclists places them in danger if they are required to ride in the main carriageway , with buses passing on their nearside . 
 cyclists in bus lanes may also cause delay to buses , although banning cyclists places them in danger if they are [] to ride in the main carriageway , with buses passing on their nearside . 

The interest was again chiefly rhythmic and required the most meticulous playing by all sections in the orchestra .
the interest was again chiefly rhythmic and [] the most meticulous playing by all sections in the orchestra .

Property Management , based in Duke Street , Darlington , claimed the notice was served by post in September 1991 and required Mr Finnegan , his wife and two teenage children to quit by the end of November .
property management , based in duke street , darlington , claimed the notice was served by post in september 1991 and [] mr finnegan , his wife and two teenage children to quit by the end of november .

But he said the rest of Perry 's bars were within the required .
but he said the rest of perry 's bars were within the [] .

In County Durham police officers at Bishop Auckland , Darlington , Chester-le-Street and Consett have all been required to guard convicts from time to time .
in county durham police officers at bishop auckland , darlington , chester-le-street and consett have all been [] to guard convicts from time to time .

And men shall not go into the women 's ward , nor the women into the men 's ward unless required to do so by the house surgeon or matron .
and men shall not go into the women 's ward , nor the women into the men 's ward unless [] to do so by the house surgeon or matron .

Under the programme employers would be required to invest at least 0.5 per cent of their payroll in training .
under the programme employers would be [] to invest at least 0.5 per cent of their payroll in training .

What is considered a healthy diet for the general populace is quite good enough for the diabetic ; all that is required is the balance of the amounts of carbohydrate in relation to the medication required .
what is considered a healthy diet for the general populace is quite good enough for the diabetic ; all that is [] is the balance of the amounts of carbohydrate in relation to the medication [] .

Chf Insp Longstaff said club managers had a responsibility to make sure they knew what the law required of them .
chf insp longstaff said club managers had a responsibility to make sure they knew what the law [] of them .

 The second bedroom was secured by a lock to the top of the door and the joiner was required to remove that to gain entry .
 the second bedroom was secured by a lock to the top of the door and the joiner was [] to remove that to gain entry .

The agency calls for radar to be installed to cover the whole Scottish coast , and says tanker masters should be required to report significant failures to the Coastguard immediately they happen .
the agency calls for radar to be installed to cover the whole scottish coast , and says tanker masters should be [] to report significant failures to the coastguard immediately they happen .

 He predicted the Chancellor would  throw a few million at the issue  in the Budget , whereas what was required was a new skills strategy .
 he predicted the chancellor would  throw a few million at the issue  in the budget , whereas what was [] was a new skills strategy .

Criticism has come mainly from local authorities , which reckon that the funding so far promised falls far short of that required .
criticism has come mainly from local authorities , which reckon that the funding so far promised falls far short of that [] .

Checks and balances required for South Africa 's power-sharing process
checks and balances [] for south africa 's power-sharing process

The lament is being played for the old military musical structure after the study found many could not even meet the required level of 20 men each and their music was suffering .
the lament is being played for the old military musical structure after the study found many could not even meet the [] level of 20 men each and their music was suffering .

The 750,000 required is being sought from special council budgets , so that a rolling programme of ferry replacement is not affected .
the 750,000 [] is being sought from special council budgets , so that a rolling programme of ferry replacement is not affected .

Another source said a study would assess the viability of the pit and the qualities of those operating it separately .  There is no doubt about the quality of the coal , but two questions need to be answered  can it be brought out at a price which allows a profit and can the consortium attract the investment required to run the place ? 
another source said a study would assess the viability of the pit and the qualities of those operating it separately .  there is no doubt about the quality of the coal , but two questions need to be answered  can it be brought out at a price which allows a profit and can the consortium attract the investment [] to run the place ? 

Last night , a spokesman for the Central Scotland Water Development Board said that water required powerful law .
last night , a spokesman for the central scotland water development board said that water [] powerful law .

There is a lower standard of proof required in civil cases , balance of probability , as opposed to the  beyond reasonable doubt  needed in criminal trials and Lord Prosser commented :  It is undesirable in the public interest , as well as in Mr Anderson 's interest , that a finding of probable murder be made in anything other than a supreme court . 
there is a lower standard of proof [] in civil cases , balance of probability , as opposed to the  beyond reasonable doubt  needed in criminal trials and lord prosser commented :  it is undesirable in the public interest , as well as in mr anderson 's interest , that a finding of probable murder be made in anything other than a supreme court . 

Anneka was today filming on location somewhere in London for her current programme , Capital Woman ,  which has certainly required an extra effort . 
anneka was today filming on location somewhere in london for her current programme , capital woman ,  which has certainly [] an extra effort . 

Though Glasgow Polytechnic required the support of the safety net , its vice-principal , John Phillips , argued that it had competed well when with its Queen 's College partner and emerged as one of Scotland 's leading three or four universities .
though glasgow polytechnic [] the support of the safety net , its vice-principal , john phillips , argued that it had competed well when with its queen 's college partner and emerged as one of scotland 's leading three or four universities .

Methlan Park will be closed because it can not be adapted to meet standards required under the Community Care Act .
methlan park will be closed because it can not be adapted to meet standards [] under the community care act .

He added that further investment was required to allow another coalface to be opened .
he added that further investment was [] to allow another coalface to be opened .

The Press Complaints Commission as it presently exists could easily do the work required without having to introduce a completely new layer of restrictive legislation .
the press complaints commission as it presently exists could easily do the work [] without having to introduce a completely new layer of restrictive legislation .

It was confirmed last night that Mr Lynch will work with Mr Bleasdale to plan the structure , budgets and contracts required for the ScotRail operating franchise  one of the first due to be set up under the privatisation plans .
it was confirmed last night that mr lynch will work with mr bleasdale to plan the structure , budgets and contracts [] for the scotrail operating franchise  one of the first due to be set up under the privatisation plans .

Basinger had testified in the civil lawsuit that no contract existed and that she had chosen not to appear in the unreleased film because she would have been required to perform in gratuitous sex scenes .
basinger had testified in the civil lawsuit that no contract existed and that she had chosen not to appear in the unreleased film because she would have been [] to perform in gratuitous sex scenes .

The health council has not yet taken an official position on the board 's proposals , but Mr Tait said that since Arbroath was a popular holiday town , it required better services than that of a cottage hospital .
the health council has not yet taken an official position on the board 's proposals , but mr tait said that since arbroath was a popular holiday town , it [] better services than that of a cottage hospital .

Before the review , farmers were required to pay 37.77 per tonne to the Crown Estate .
before the review , farmers were [] to pay 37.77 per tonne to the crown estate .

Mr Lynch will work with Mr Bleasdale to plan the structure , budgets and contracts required for the ScotRail operating franchise  one of the first to be set up under privatisation plans .
mr lynch will work with mr bleasdale to plan the structure , budgets and contracts [] for the scotrail operating franchise  one of the first to be set up under privatisation plans .

British Coal has warned that a radical shift in the market framework would be required to safeguard the future of the industry without the cuts proposed last September .
british coal has warned that a radical shift in the market framework would be [] to safeguard the future of the industry without the cuts proposed last september .

Mr Heseltine can reasonably say that he has done what the political reality required of him .
mr heseltine can reasonably say that he has done what the political reality [] of him .

Oatridge Agricultural College in West Lothian , for instance , is required to meet the varied quality requirements of eight different LECs , and many contracts have to be separately audited for quality assurance .
oatridge agricultural college in west lothian , for instance , is [] to meet the varied quality requirements of eight different lecs , and many contracts have to be separately audited for quality assurance .

They agreed with the Inland Revenue that the return of the fund on death fell within the definition of reasonable interest which the legislation required and so introduced this new concept .
they agreed with the inland revenue that the return of the fund on death fell within the definition of reasonable interest which the legislation [] and so introduced this new concept .

Because of the heavy outlays which will be required to develop the field , profits eventually flowing to the companies would represent only a fraction of the value of the oil , particularly after various taxes have been applied .
because of the heavy outlays which will be [] to develop the field , profits eventually flowing to the companies would represent only a fraction of the value of the oil , particularly after various taxes have been applied .

Blocking the BA/USAir deal would have required him to renounce the current aviation treaty between the two countries which would have been  a very dramatic step  .
blocking the ba/usair deal would have [] him to renounce the current aviation treaty between the two countries which would have been  a very dramatic step  .

 They are going for maximum output from this reduced acreage and that in turn means that they have to use all the most cost-effective technology  including chemicals as and when required .
 they are going for maximum output from this reduced acreage and that in turn means that they have to use all the most cost-effective technology  including chemicals as and when [] .

Unfortunately it has not paid for the creation of a large modern high-tech manufacturing sector or created permanent jobs in the service sector on anything like the scale required for the future .
unfortunately it has not paid for the creation of a large modern high-tech manufacturing sector or created permanent jobs in the service sector on anything like the scale [] for the future .

An exceptional effort is required and the parlous state of Russia 's institutions means that a lot of aid might be wasted .
an exceptional effort is [] and the parlous state of russia 's institutions means that a lot of aid might be wasted .

Not only funds but a proper strategy would be required and a willingness to import Russian and east European goods .
not only funds but a proper strategy would be [] and a willingness to import russian and east european goods .

Such loans would provide lower interest rates for rebuilding or replacing older aircraft by the year 2000 , as required by law .
such loans would provide lower interest rates for rebuilding or replacing older aircraft by the year 2000 , as [] by law .

Professor Andrew Christie , convener of the taxation practices committee , said a good example of the programme was an architect or builder required to pay professional indemnity insurance long after he or she had retired .
professor andrew christie , convener of the taxation practices committee , said a good example of the programme was an architect or builder [] to pay professional indemnity insurance long after he or she had retired .

It contained seven birdies , but also a bogey 5 at the eighteenth , where two precise long shots are required to reach the heart of the two-tiered green .
it contained seven birdies , but also a bogey 5 at the eighteenth , where two precise long shots are [] to reach the heart of the two-tiered green .

Successive visits by Motherwell and Airdrie have seen attendances recorded at 3,370 and 3,079 respectively ; clearly insufficient numbers to maintain the running of a full-time outfit at Dens Park , let alone allow the investment manager Simon Stainrod says is required on the playing staff .
successive visits by motherwell and airdrie have seen attendances recorded at 3,370 and 3,079 respectively ; clearly insufficient numbers to maintain the running of a full-time outfit at dens park , let alone allow the investment manager simon stainrod says is [] on the playing staff .

Payne , who three-putted the seventeenth was fortunate to be given a second chance by Gillner , who looked set to gain his first senior win when he required two par 4s at the seventeenth and eighteenth .
payne , who three-putted the seventeenth was fortunate to be given a second chance by gillner , who looked set to gain his first senior win when he [] two par 4s at the seventeenth and eighteenth .

McKimmie , who required surgery , could be necessary since Paul Mason , Lee Richardson and Gary Smith are all victims of flu .
mckimmie , who [] surgery , could be necessary since paul mason , lee richardson and gary smith are all victims of flu .

Blocking the BA/USAir deal would have required him to renounce the current aviation treaty between the two countries which would have been  a very dramatic step  .
blocking the ba/usair deal would have [] him to renounce the current aviation treaty between the two countries which would have been  a very dramatic step  .

Indeed , it required two outstanding saves by Woods from Kane and Grant before the interval to forestall the home team 's collapse .
indeed , it [] two outstanding saves by woods from kane and grant before the interval to forestall the home team 's collapse .

Farr , who played in the 1984 Curtis Cup at Muirfield , was three years ago diagnosed with breast cancer and has since required all manner of chemotherapy and radiation treatment , together with a bone marrow transplant .
farr , who played in the 1984 curtis cup at muirfield , was three years ago diagnosed with breast cancer and has since [] all manner of chemotherapy and radiation treatment , together with a bone marrow transplant .

If it is a damaged cartilage , further surgery might be required ,  Paterson explained .
if it is a damaged cartilage , further surgery might be [] ,  paterson explained .

England required a win to avoid taking the wooden spoon for the first time .
england [] a win to avoid taking the wooden spoon for the first time .

On Saturday , Payton fluffed a simple chance then regained his composure to score the goal that ensured victory and finished up having to change his jersey because it was stained with the blood of a cut that required him to go off temporarily for stitches .
on saturday , payton fluffed a simple chance then regained his composure to score the goal that ensured victory and finished up having to change his jersey because it was stained with the blood of a cut that [] him to go off temporarily for stitches .

Put into bat by their hosts , with no toss required , Scotland were mostly indebted to George Salmond and George Reifer for their score of 152 for nine off 50 overs .
put into bat by their hosts , with no toss [] , scotland were mostly indebted to george salmond and george reifer for their score of 152 for nine off 50 overs .

The agile and fleet-footed Salmond showed little sign of the calf injury sustained in a recent football match and which required 18 stitches , but unfortunately only the two debutants , Love ( 14 ) and Stuart Kennedy ( 10 ) , gave the Arbroath player any support , the last five wickets going down for 32 runs .
the agile and fleet-footed salmond showed little sign of the calf injury sustained in a recent football match and which [] 18 stitches , but unfortunately only the two debutants , love ( 14 ) and stuart kennedy ( 10 ) , gave the arbroath player any support , the last five wickets going down for 32 runs .

The goalkeeper was also required to throw himself acrobatically to his left-hand post when a header from Ferguson off a Robertson freekick once again underlined his threat .
the goalkeeper was also [] to throw himself acrobatically to his left-hand post when a header from ferguson off a robertson freekick once again underlined his threat .

The number of hybridisations required to order a library is a function of the insert size of the clones and the depth of coverage of the library .
the number of hybridisations [] to order a library is a function of the insert size of the clones and the depth of coverage of the library .

As he told county councillors , the service had not been comprehensively reviewed since the Seventies and the job it is required to do has altered considerably with time notably , more of the work is to do with helping at road traffic accidents .
as he told county councillors , the service had not been comprehensively reviewed since the seventies and the job it is [] to do has altered considerably with time notably , more of the work is to do with helping at road traffic accidents .

But because of the cash required the Town Hall wants to join forces with other major employers to set up the scheme .
but because of the cash [] the town hall wants to join forces with other major employers to set up the scheme .

The Travellers ' Rest was built in 1926 , had 21 rooms and required a lot of renovation and decorating work .
the travellers ' rest was built in 1926 , had 21 rooms and [] a lot of renovation and decorating work .

The government agency withdrew facilities for 160 centres countrywide , because the beef they handled was deemed below the required level .
the government agency withdrew facilities for 160 centres countrywide , because the beef they handled was deemed below the [] level .

The further downstream one goes , the higher and better the banks must be : skilful siting and engineering are obviously required .
the further downstream one goes , the higher and better the banks must be : skilful siting and engineering are obviously [] .

 We do n't have the determination required .
 we do n't have the determination [] .

 We would also have to consider that sevens is a very important part of the Scottish game and is a good breeding ground for many of the skills required in the XV-a-side game .
 we would also have to consider that sevens is a very important part of the scottish game and is a good breeding ground for many of the skills [] in the xv-a-side game .

The following day a telephone message advised him his services were no longer required .
the following day a telephone message advised him his services were no longer [] .

Spence began at the tenth , going out in 34 , and played the inward half with all the precision required in the swirling wind .
spence began at the tenth , going out in 34 , and played the inward half with all the precision [] in the swirling wind .

Andy Reed 's lineout provision had created that chance and the Bath lock could prove a real dark horse for the Lions given his sterling deeds at restarts , a superb chopping of Mike Hall , a dive pass from a ruck and his arrival in the burn-out of Gavin Hastings ' break which required more last-gasp heroics , this time from Stuart Davies , to prevent a try .
andy reed 's lineout provision had created that chance and the bath lock could prove a real dark horse for the lions given his sterling deeds at restarts , a superb chopping of mike hall , a dive pass from a ruck and his arrival in the burn-out of gavin hastings ' break which [] more last-gasp heroics , this time from stuart davies , to prevent a try .

Corsie had to come from behind to take the opening set when Gourlay moved 6-4 ahead and then laid the shot he required to take the set on the seventh end .
corsie had to come from behind to take the opening set when gourlay moved 6-4 ahead and then laid the shot he [] to take the set on the seventh end .

She attempted a comeback in 1989 , but lost in the first round of both events she played before being sidelined by a car accident which required surgery on her right knee .
she attempted a comeback in 1989 , but lost in the first round of both events she played before being sidelined by a car accident which [] surgery on her right knee .

To reach the sixteenth green from the championship tee required a full driver over a lake of 230 yards .
to reach the sixteenth green from the championship tee [] a full driver over a lake of 230 yards .

She attempted a comeback in 1989 , losing in the first round of both events she played , but it was cut short by a car accident which required knee surgery .
she attempted a comeback in 1989 , losing in the first round of both events she played , but it was cut short by a car accident which [] knee surgery .

Perhaps the relationship between academic staff and student is essentially different so that regulation is required .
perhaps the relationship between academic staff and student is essentially different so that regulation is [] .

It adds that many can not afford the fuel required to keep even one room warm .
it adds that many can not afford the fuel [] to keep even one room warm .

What is now required is a law making it a crime to act in , produce , distribute or sell films and videos depicting cruel and excessive violence .
what is now [] is a law making it a crime to act in , produce , distribute or sell films and videos depicting cruel and excessive violence .

Given the sorry demise of Scotland 's manufacturing base , we are all , if the good Baroness Thatcher 's doctrine is believed , supposed to be imbued with a service culture which recognises the value of the customer and produces the kind of quality response required .
given the sorry demise of scotland 's manufacturing base , we are all , if the good baroness thatcher 's doctrine is believed , supposed to be imbued with a service culture which recognises the value of the customer and produces the kind of quality response [] .

The diary tells the children and parents what is required to be done on any one evening .
the diary tells the children and parents what is [] to be done on any one evening .

The two chalk-drawn images , on either side of a Black ( Bird ) board , do n't rotate fast enough to achieve the required effect .
the two chalk-drawn images , on either side of a black ( bird ) board , do n't rotate fast enough to achieve the [] effect .

He said St. Bede 's required 4,000 for work to start in April and St.
he said st. bede 's [] 4,000 for work to start in april and st.

 We were required to sit in court as a guard duty ,  he says ,  and therefore listened to many of the charges brought against the accused , who were mostly senior Japanese officers , although some of the lesser ranks were involved .
 we were [] to sit in court as a guard duty ,  he says ,  and therefore listened to many of the charges brought against the accused , who were mostly senior japanese officers , although some of the lesser ranks were involved .

What is considered a healthy diet for the general populace is quite good enough for the diabetic ; all that is required is the balance of the amounts of carbohydrate in relation to the medication required .
what is considered a healthy diet for the general populace is quite good enough for the diabetic ; all that is [] is the balance of the amounts of carbohydrate in relation to the medication [] .

And from the beginning of May , all businesses selling food will for the first time be required to register with their local council .
and from the beginning of may , all businesses selling food will for the first time be [] to register with their local council .

They are both required for a good comprehensive system of community care and the presence of the former will reduce , but not remove , the need for the latter .
they are both [] for a good comprehensive system of community care and the presence of the former will reduce , but not remove , the need for the latter .

Instead he became an alcoholic ( a  half-alcoholic  he preferred to call it ) who required to dry-out in hospital about 50 times over a 25-year period .
instead he became an alcoholic ( a  half-alcoholic  he preferred to call it ) who [] to dry-out in hospital about 50 times over a 25-year period .

As this suggests , considerable dedication and team work were required from the cast .
as this suggests , considerable dedication and team work were [] from the cast .

The required duetting gelled pleasingly , if perhaps at the expense of individuality , although two items  a gutsy blues improvisation and that old chestnut Sixteen Tons  still brought out some steel .
the [] duetting gelled pleasingly , if perhaps at the expense of individuality , although two items  a gutsy blues improvisation and that old chestnut sixteen tons  still brought out some steel .

The players gave En Shao his required speed , demonstrating what fine form they are in despite the financial problems which have clouded the organisation of late .
the players gave en shao his [] speed , demonstrating what fine form they are in despite the financial problems which have clouded the organisation of late .

This kind of action needs precise timing and director Mike Alfreds and his 14 strong cast provide the elegantly energetic execution required .
this kind of action needs precise timing and director mike alfreds and his 14 strong cast provide the elegantly energetic execution [] .

This kind of action needs precise timing and director Mike Alfreds and his 14 strong cast provide the elegantly energetic execution that is required .
this kind of action needs precise timing and director mike alfreds and his 14 strong cast provide the elegantly energetic execution that is [] .

Britain is required to equalise pension rights between men and women .
britain is [] to equalise pension rights between men and women .

When one came under the hammer in Morgan 's  the boat belonged to a fisherman who no longer required it  it drew strong bidding and sold for 2,000 .
when one came under the hammer in morgan 's  the boat belonged to a fisherman who no longer [] it  it drew strong bidding and sold for 2,000 .

Surely a youth team is required at all clubs .
surely a youth team is [] at all clubs .

Originally built for food manufacture it incorporates a number of free standing cold stores which can be removed if required .
originally built for food manufacture it incorporates a number of free standing cold stores which can be removed if [] .

He is not required to enter a plea at this point .
he is not [] to enter a plea at this point .

Sylvester and Metcalfe , who have both played for Wales in previous seasons , take over from David Hemp and Alistair Dalton who are required by Glamorgan for Monday 's Bain Clarkson Trophy game with Northamptonshire .
sylvester and metcalfe , who have both played for wales in previous seasons , take over from david hemp and alistair dalton who are [] by glamorgan for monday 's bain clarkson trophy game with northamptonshire .

Acceptance forms are needed in the office as soon as possible , particularly if lunch is required .
acceptance forms are needed in the office as soon as possible , particularly if lunch is [] .

Copies of editorial in  The Sunday Telegraph  and  Women 's Realm  available from the office if required , and the / video entitled Medau  The Art of Energy will be launched on 15th May .
copies of editorial in  the sunday telegraph  and  women 's realm  available from the office if [] , and the / video entitled medau  the art of energy will be launched on 15th may .

Pupils will be required to make good any damage or loss for which they are responsible .
pupils will be [] to make good any damage or loss for which they are responsible .

two main speakers required ; a ) Marcos Arruda
two main speakers [] ; a ) marcos arruda

It seemed to Harry that there was nothing he could usefully say to this bewildering and terrifying man , and indeed that he was not required to speak .
it seemed to harry that there was nothing he could usefully say to this bewildering and terrifying man , and indeed that he was not [] to speak .

Of course , such fine detail is seldom required and coarse groupings are usually used for summary , but even these are sometimes disturbed by coding changes .
of course , such fine detail is seldom [] and coarse groupings are usually used for summary , but even these are sometimes disturbed by coding changes .

Since the Second World War , the United Nations Statistical Office has done much to stimulate a global view of economic and social problems particularly in relation to human fertility but the responsibility for gathering the required information is left with individual countries , the majority of which do not have resources of trained manpower to accomplish the task themselves .
since the second world war , the united nations statistical office has done much to stimulate a global view of economic and social problems particularly in relation to human fertility but the responsibility for gathering the [] information is left with individual countries , the majority of which do not have resources of trained manpower to accomplish the task themselves .

As an alternative to ruled horizontal lines , any subtotals in columns can be offset to the right a little to assist the reader to focus on them or discard them as required .
as an alternative to ruled horizontal lines , any subtotals in columns can be offset to the right a little to assist the reader to focus on them or discard them as [] .

It can take as much as six months for all required figures to be available and it is usual to issue a provisional index six to seven weeks after the end of the month in question and revise this later .
it can take as much as six months for all [] figures to be available and it is usual to issue a provisional index six to seven weeks after the end of the month in question and revise this later .

For instance , on the basis of last year 's births , we can make a fairly accurate assessment of the number of first-year secondary school places required in 11 or 12 years ' time , because this depends mainly on fairly stable child mortality patterns .
for instance , on the basis of last year 's births , we can make a fairly accurate assessment of the number of first-year secondary school places [] in 11 or 12 years ' time , because this depends mainly on fairly stable child mortality patterns .

input of the required data
input of the [] data

Two or three numbers might be required as input to a calculation lasting several hours , impossible to accomplish except by computer and producing only a small volume of output .
two or three numbers might be [] as input to a calculation lasting several hours , impossible to accomplish except by computer and producing only a small volume of output .

Great skill is also required of those who devise the layout of the results , since the output from the analysis many also be extensive , hard to assimilate and capable of misinterpretation .
great skill is also [] of those who devise the layout of the results , since the output from the analysis many also be extensive , hard to assimilate and capable of misinterpretation .

In psychological experiments , data are often derived directly by presenting the experimental subject with the required test via the screen of a computer terminal ; this is clearly most useful for visual perception studies .
in psychological experiments , data are often derived directly by presenting the experimental subject with the [] test via the screen of a computer terminal ; this is clearly most useful for visual perception studies .

From there it can be made available to the required analysis program ( s ) as often as necessary .
from there it can be made available to the [] analysis program ( s ) as often as necessary .

Since 1986 , the Data Protection Act has required that all information about identifiable people stored by any electronic means is subject to a stringent registration scheme .
since 1986 , the data protection act has [] that all information about identifiable people stored by any electronic means is subject to a stringent registration scheme .

Coding will probably be required in preparation for computer analysis .
coding will probably be [] in preparation for computer analysis .

The interpretation of the output from the computer is basically as required by 1 but , almost always , new questions arise during the course of the study .
the interpretation of the output from the computer is basically as [] by 1 but , almost always , new questions arise during the course of the study .

wording of questions ( if ambiguities are found a further pilot is required to check the re-wording ) .
wording of questions ( if ambiguities are found a further pilot is [] to check the re-wording ) .

Coding is required but a selection of responses may be used verbatim in the final report to add interest .
coding is [] but a selection of responses may be used verbatim in the final report to add interest .

Even for open questions , there will perhaps be loss of information if the interviewer does not use a tape recorder or due to the crudeness of coding required or the need to pool categories during analysis .
even for open questions , there will perhaps be loss of information if the interviewer does not use a tape recorder or due to the crudeness of coding [] or the need to pool categories during analysis .

At all stages of a survey , but particularly analysis of the data , considerable cooperation is required among :
at all stages of a survey , but particularly analysis of the data , considerable cooperation is [] among :

Copies of the book will be required by all those connected with the survey and all copies must be kept up to date by the incorporation of any coding additions , new conventions and unresolved problems .
copies of the book will be [] by all those connected with the survey and all copies must be kept up to date by the incorporation of any coding additions , new conventions and unresolved problems .

Establishing the  required  length at the outset will help to get the balance right .
establishing the  []  length at the outset will help to get the balance right .

an outline of the required questionnaire .
an outline of the [] questionnaire .

not directly required by courses of study ) among students of a college of higher education .
not directly [] by courses of study ) among students of a college of higher education .

It is proposed to quantify the patients ' recovery and rehabilitation by measuring the oxygen intake required during a walk of 100 metres ten days after the operation .
it is proposed to quantify the patients ' recovery and rehabilitation by measuring the oxygen intake [] during a walk of 100 metres ten days after the operation .

The sample size must be the largest required for any of the required estimates or tests . In practice ,
the sample size must be the largest [] for any of the [] estimates or tests . in practice ,

Also , the task can be quite daunting ; assumptions and approximations may be required that the originator of the project can not accept , leading to revision of the goals or abandonment of the study .
also , the task can be quite daunting ; assumptions and approximations may be [] that the originator of the project can not accept , leading to revision of the goals or abandonment of the study .

Unit trusts must buy back any units investors wish to sell , at the prevailing price , and so investors can obtain liquidity at any time , although of course if instant liquidity is required the transaction may have to be carried out at unfavourable prices , and so units should be thought of as long term investments with a deposit account held at a bank or building society for liquid funds .
unit trusts must buy back any units investors wish to sell , at the prevailing price , and so investors can obtain liquidity at any time , although of course if instant liquidity is [] the transaction may have to be carried out at unfavourable prices , and so units should be thought of as long term investments with a deposit account held at a bank or building society for liquid funds .

Some would argue that the compound rates of return required by venture capitalists  on average 20 per cent to 25 per cent p.a .
some would argue that the compound rates of return [] by venture capitalists  on average 20 per cent to 25 per cent p.a .

For larger loans security may be required .
for larger loans security may be [] .

Operational deposits make up approximately a fifth of bankers ' balances held at the bank , the remainder being made up of non-interest bearing cash deposits that banks are required to keep at the Bank of England to provide it with an income .
operational deposits make up approximately a fifth of bankers ' balances held at the bank , the remainder being made up of non-interest bearing cash deposits that banks are [] to keep at the bank of england to provide it with an income .

we are liable to be forced to change our stance  We need always therefore to try to work with the grain of the markets to achieve the required effects .
we are liable to be forced to change our stance  we need always therefore to try to work with the grain of the markets to achieve the [] effects .

The secondary market provides investors with liquidity , the ability to turn securities into cash if required , which makes it reasonable for many savers to hold long-term assets .
the secondary market provides investors with liquidity , the ability to turn securities into cash if [] , which makes it reasonable for many savers to hold long-term assets .

In the absence of the secondary market the time required to raise new capital would be prolonged and the costs involved increased .
in the absence of the secondary market the time [] to raise new capital would be prolonged and the costs involved increased .

At the present time , the illiquidity of gamma stocks means that it is difficult to make a market in them , and also brokers find that they can not buy or sell without prices swinging widely in reaction . Improvement in the gamma stocks ' liquidity and in the market mechanisms for smaller shares are required , or firms will leave the
at the present time , the illiquidity of gamma stocks means that it is difficult to make a market in them , and also brokers find that they can not buy or sell without prices swinging widely in reaction . improvement in the gamma stocks ' liquidity and in the market mechanisms for smaller shares are [] , or firms will leave the

In standard economic theory it is argued that regulation is required if market failures occur .
in standard economic theory it is argued that regulation is [] if market failures occur .

With greater levels of competition as a result of structural reregulation , it was felt that a tightening up of investor protection was required .
with greater levels of competition as a result of structural reregulation , it was felt that a tightening up of investor protection was [] .

Enterprises have been required to achieve financial targets concerning rates of return on capital or revenue , and to attain minimum rates of return on investment programmes .
enterprises have been [] to achieve financial targets concerning rates of return on capital or revenue , and to attain minimum rates of return on investment programmes .

New and more stringent financial constraints and other commercial pressures on management required appropriate organizational channels through which to take effect .
new and more stringent financial constraints and other commercial pressures on management [] appropriate organizational channels through which to take effect .

Indeed , an important element of the boom was the mass production of durable goods and the improvement of the technologies required to produce them .
indeed , an important element of the boom was the mass production of durable goods and the improvement of the technologies [] to produce them .

If collective bargaining yields less than the required rise then firms will not be able to find enough workers to operate all newly installed machines and will have to pay above the settlement .
if collective bargaining yields less than the [] rise then firms will not be able to find enough workers to operate all newly installed machines and will have to pay above the settlement .

If negotiations yield more than the required rise then too much scrapping may result , generating unemployment .
if negotiations yield more than the [] rise then too much scrapping may result , generating unemployment .

If accumulation in the boom had been based on an unchanged mass of machinery per worker then an extension of the capital stock would have required an equivalent increase in workers employed .
if accumulation in the boom had been based on an unchanged mass of machinery per worker then an extension of the capital stock would have [] an equivalent increase in workers employed .

Trade unions , strengthened by high demand for labour , secured money wage increases which , given the existing inflation rate , exceeded those required to generate sufficient extra scrapping .
trade unions , strengthened by high demand for labour , secured money wage increases which , given the existing inflation rate , exceeded those [] to generate sufficient extra scrapping .

Governments permitted the credit expansion required to finance the higher price level .
governments permitted the credit expansion [] to finance the higher price level .

The money wage increases which workers won exceeded those required to generate enough scrapping to ease labour shortage .
the money wage increases which workers won exceeded those [] to generate enough scrapping to ease labour shortage .

It required , for the first time , shopfloor ratification .
it [] , for the first time , shopfloor ratification .

All companies with more than 50 employees were required by law to have enterprise committees elected annually by the work force ( their function being largely consultative , with some responsibility for health and safety ) .
all companies with more than 50 employees were [] by law to have enterprise committees elected annually by the work force ( their function being largely consultative , with some responsibility for health and safety ) .

The degree of reflation  required  will therefore tend to be overestimated by governments in a synchronized upswing , if they rely on past experience derived from periods of less international synchronization of business cycles .
the degree of reflation  []  will therefore tend to be overestimated by governments in a synchronized upswing , if they rely on past experience derived from periods of less international synchronization of business cycles .

The scale of price rises is quite out of line with that which could plausibly be required to balance  real  supply and demand ; and quite out of line with previous responses to fluctuations in industrial production .
the scale of price rises is quite out of line with that which could plausibly be [] to balance  real  supply and demand ; and quite out of line with previous responses to fluctuations in industrial production .

The additional exports required to earn the extra foreign exchange constituted a drain from domestic incomes .
the additional exports [] to earn the extra foreign exchange constituted a drain from domestic incomes .

Mm detailed plans have been approved for a single storey dwelling in the garden on one of the houses condition on the surgery reverting to living accommodation , the houses would have considerable scope for use as offices subject to planning or paramedical use especially where large car parking areas are required , the whole is available at two hundred and fifty thousand pounds , but offers may be considered for number twenty five with the garden and parking area building plots to the agent
mm detailed plans have been approved for a single storey dwelling in the garden on one of the houses condition on the surgery reverting to living accommodation , the houses would have considerable scope for use as offices subject to planning or paramedical use especially where large car parking areas are [] , the whole is available at two hundred and fifty thousand pounds , but offers may be considered for number twenty five with the garden and parking area building plots to the agent

They say contrary to reports that they have required psychiatric intervention , they have neither sought nor received any counselling .
they say contrary to reports that they have [] psychiatric intervention , they have neither sought nor received any counselling .

There was always a furtive seediness behind the communist slogans and the red flags like the hard currency prostitutes in the hotels for foreigners or the backhanders required to get a table in a restaurant .
there was always a furtive seediness behind the communist slogans and the red flags like the hard currency prostitutes in the hotels for foreigners or the backhanders [] to get a table in a restaurant .

 People believed that information was being withheld because , for a short period in 1940 , newspapers were required to refer to Liverpool only as  a North West town  .
 people believed that information was being withheld because , for a short period in 1940 , newspapers were [] to refer to liverpool only as  a north west town  .

Jonathan 's design is just what 's required .
jonathan 's design is just what 's [] .

Jeffrey was refused help with the prescription for his inhaler because the Department of Health said his income exceeded the required level .
jeffrey was refused help with the prescription for his inhaler because the department of health said his income exceeded the [] level .

 The county council has only limited insurance for its schools simply because of the enormous premiums which would be required to provide comprehensive cover ,  he said .
 the county council has only limited insurance for its schools simply because of the enormous premiums which would be [] to provide comprehensive cover ,  he said .

 Property deals , unlike those in the stock market have no transparency , if required .
 property deals , unlike those in the stock market have no transparency , if [] .

Despite management optimism , the factory had not been making the goods to meet the profits required , said Mr Laird .
despite management optimism , the factory had not been making the goods to meet the profits [] , said mr laird .

Mr Kerr added that none of the companies that had received the irregular payments had been required to repay money .
mr kerr added that none of the companies that had received the irregular payments had been [] to repay money .

Mrs Barker said in order to complete the protection of stock in the four largest libraries in Cleveland , a book security system was now required for Stockton district library .
mrs barker said in order to complete the protection of stock in the four largest libraries in cleveland , a book security system was now [] for stockton district library .

Thomas Cunningham suffered a cut to the scalp which required hospital treatment .
thomas cunningham suffered a cut to the scalp which [] hospital treatment .

Director of architecture , planning and estates Philip Eyton-Jones said that required an annual maintenance budget of more than 11mfar more than Clwyd has been allocating .
director of architecture , planning and estates philip eyton-jones said that [] an annual maintenance budget of more than 11mfar more than clwyd has been allocating .

To acquire passes journalists are required to give personal details including date of birth , nationality , home telephone number and car registration numbers .
to acquire passes journalists are [] to give personal details including date of birth , nationality , home telephone number and car registration numbers .

With Byas and White wasting no scoring opportunities , Yorkshire required 41 off five overs and their task became less demanding as Byas clubbed Hayhurst for four and six , the big hit just brushing Caddick 's fingers before clearing the rope .
with byas and white wasting no scoring opportunities , yorkshire [] 41 off five overs and their task became less demanding as byas clubbed hayhurst for four and six , the big hit just brushing caddick 's fingers before clearing the rope .

And even the long dried out upper reaches of the Pang are flowing  just  but more is required .
and even the long dried out upper reaches of the pang are flowing  just  but more is [] .

But the chairman said he 'd heard nothing to suggest that an Englishman is required to wear a beard .
but the chairman said he 'd heard nothing to suggest that an englishman is [] to wear a beard .

Mr George McMillan , from east Belfast , claimed the law was on his side and premises such as the bookies , a Stanley Racing shop , are required to have both access and toilet facilities for disabled people .
mr george mcmillan , from east belfast , claimed the law was on his side and premises such as the bookies , a stanley racing shop , are [] to have both access and toilet facilities for disabled people .

Wheelchair spaces are required in a hall , auditorium or a sports stadium , where seating is fixed or arranged in tiers .
wheelchair spaces are [] in a hall , auditorium or a sports stadium , where seating is fixed or arranged in tiers .

But the province 's former Education Minister said the increased sophistication of the terrorist threat required a higher level of expertise on the part of the army .
but the province 's former education minister said the increased sophistication of the terrorist threat [] a higher level of expertise on the part of the army .

Ivanauskas , Narbekovis and Jermanis are missing because the Lithuanians could n't afford the insurance required by their clubs .
ivanauskas , narbekovis and jermanis are missing because the lithuanians could n't afford the insurance [] by their clubs .

He told them :  You are weak people , you will always be weak people unless you can arm yourselves with the strength and courage required to gaze back into the questioning eyes of children  .
he told them :  you are weak people , you will always be weak people unless you can arm yourselves with the strength and courage [] to gaze back into the questioning eyes of children  .

New voices are required to join the chorus for the annual Two Cathedral 's Festival taking place in mid-October .
new voices are [] to join the chorus for the annual two cathedral 's festival taking place in mid-october .

It required the co-operation of villagers , the county council and the National Rivers Authority .
it [] the co-operation of villagers , the county council and the national rivers authority .

Your solicitor will be your best friend during the claim process , so make sure you keep him supplied with all the information required and see that it is being filed promptly with the agency .
your solicitor will be your best friend during the claim process , so make sure you keep him supplied with all the information [] and see that it is being filed promptly with the agency .

The maximum points would be required from the Cuban clash and tomorrow 's contest with Canada , if the pressure is to be lifted from Wednesday 's final preliminary with Malasia .
the maximum points would be [] from the cuban clash and tomorrow 's contest with canada , if the pressure is to be lifted from wednesday 's final preliminary with malasia .

You see a university has a wide spread of expertise and facilities , which is well beyond the finance of a small company , and even sometimes a larger company , especially when the expertise or facility required is out of the ordinary .
you see a university has a wide spread of expertise and facilities , which is well beyond the finance of a small company , and even sometimes a larger company , especially when the expertise or facility [] is out of the ordinary .

Well obviously this very much depends on the expertise and service required .
well obviously this very much depends on the expertise and service [] .

There 's a reference required from a headmaster or headmistress or principal of the college .
there 's a reference [] from a headmaster or headmistress or principal of the college .

 And one has a nasty feeling that this would be erm a , an O-level history candidate , where unfortunately that is , seems to be just the quality that 's required .
 and one has a nasty feeling that this would be erm a , an o-level history candidate , where unfortunately that is , seems to be just the quality that 's [] .

For daily operation and domestic use , of course , the Electricity and Gas Authorities , they have to predict the amount of gas or electricity required , and the first thing they have to think about is what is the weather expected ?
for daily operation and domestic use , of course , the electricity and gas authorities , they have to predict the amount of gas or electricity [] , and the first thing they have to think about is what is the weather expected ?

Some rather nice experiments were carried out , perhaps in the Forties and Fifties , by Uray and Miller , who thought that the early atmosphere mainly contained methane , water and ammonia , mainly hydrogenated species which were thermodynamically stable , and they thought that perhaps if one put a discharge or if volcanic processes could actually inject energy into such a system and form the more complicated and more energetic molecules required for biology to actually get started .
some rather nice experiments were carried out , perhaps in the forties and fifties , by uray and miller , who thought that the early atmosphere mainly contained methane , water and ammonia , mainly hydrogenated species which were thermodynamically stable , and they thought that perhaps if one put a discharge or if volcanic processes could actually inject energy into such a system and form the more complicated and more energetic molecules [] for biology to actually get started .

Modern accelerators tend to be rather large machines to produce the very high energy particles required to produce new particles .
modern accelerators tend to be rather large machines to produce the very high energy particles [] to produce new particles .

Our budget er is at the present time overspent er something of the order of 70,000 , and we 're required by the Health Authority and by government , er to manage within our existing cash limited budget .
our budget er is at the present time overspent er something of the order of 70,000 , and we 're [] by the health authority and by government , er to manage within our existing cash limited budget .

Special care baby units are phenomenally expensive in equipment ; there 's an awful lot of monitoring equipment that 's required , and it has to be updated every few years , and the costs are quite out of proportion to the amount of money available to the health authority , so that er , on the whole , special care baby units throughout the country now rely virtually totally on charitable giving .
special care baby units are phenomenally expensive in equipment ; there 's an awful lot of monitoring equipment that 's [] , and it has to be updated every few years , and the costs are quite out of proportion to the amount of money available to the health authority , so that er , on the whole , special care baby units throughout the country now rely virtually totally on charitable giving .

The number of women elected to the Church 's Parliament is double that of last time , and those in favour of women priests , are confident that they 've secured the required majority to have their way by nineteen ninety five .
the number of women elected to the church 's parliament is double that of last time , and those in favour of women priests , are confident that they 've secured the [] majority to have their way by nineteen ninety five .

Oxfordshire County Council was required to pre-set the amount of money it wanted from the District Councils who set a rate .
oxfordshire county council was [] to pre-set the amount of money it wanted from the district councils who set a rate .

erm There 's all different types of leads required now .
erm there 's all different types of leads [] now .

And so , depending on what you want to do on nine o'clock on Monday morning , you would take out the required floppy disc , put it in your computer , take out your data disc , which you would also have kept , put that in the second floppy disc unit , and you 'd be ready to run that particular application .
and so , depending on what you want to do on nine o'clock on monday morning , you would take out the [] floppy disc , put it in your computer , take out your data disc , which you would also have kept , put that in the second floppy disc unit , and you 'd be ready to run that particular application .

These provide a sustained steam of energy during the prolonged physical exertion required for professional cycling or tennis .
these provide a sustained steam of energy during the prolonged physical exertion [] for professional cycling or tennis .

As a result , and following a working party review , it was decided that the clerk of works role was no longer required .
as a result , and following a working party review , it was decided that the clerk of works role was no longer [] .

Very little packaging was required for a counter service style of shopping , and the simplicity of packaging technology combined with the need for economy kept packaging to a minimum .
very little packaging was [] for a counter service style of shopping , and the simplicity of packaging technology combined with the need for economy kept packaging to a minimum .

These call-slips , as submitted , already contained much of the information required , but for the purposes of the Survey additional information was added to them both by the members of staff to whom they were submitted , and by fieldwork students from the College of Librarianship Wales who physically examined the requested items before their delivery to readers .
these call-slips , as submitted , already contained much of the information [] , but for the purposes of the survey additional information was added to them both by the members of staff to whom they were submitted , and by fieldwork students from the college of librarianship wales who physically examined the requested items before their delivery to readers .

It should be noted that the five categories fall into two distinct groups : those where no repair is required in the foreseeable future ( Categories 12 ) , and those where repair  varying in extent and urgency  is required ( Categories 35 ) .
it should be noted that the five categories fall into two distinct groups : those where no repair is [] in the foreseeable future ( categories 12 ) , and those where repair  varying in extent and urgency  is [] ( categories 35 ) .

It shows that 94 % of all items issued fell into the first two categories , and required no repair ( although 24 % were in a well-used condition and might eventually require some attention ) , while only 6 % fell into the last three categories and were in need of repair .
it shows that 94 % of all items issued fell into the first two categories , and [] no repair ( although 24 % were in a well-used condition and might eventually require some attention ) , while only 6 % fell into the last three categories and were in need of repair .

It was possible , therefore , to divide the items issued to readers into groups on the basis of their type of binding , and to calculate the proportion of each group which required repair .
it was possible , therefore , to divide the items issued to readers into groups on the basis of their type of binding , and to calculate the proportion of each group which [] repair .

The inconvenience which this causes can normally be reduced only by delaying the binding of serial parts until they can be considered to be no longer  current  , or by ensuring that the time which they spend off the shelves  at binding  exceeds by as small a margin as possible the time required physically to bind them .
the inconvenience which this causes can normally be reduced only by delaying the binding of serial parts until they can be considered to be no longer  current  , or by ensuring that the time which they spend off the shelves  at binding  exceeds by as small a margin as possible the time [] physically to bind them .

Was it really so important that it had to take priority over something as necessary as post , which often contains faxes and other mail urgently required .
was it really so important that it had to take priority over something as necessary as post , which often contains faxes and other mail urgently [] .

Arnold ( 1957 ) presents a well-reasoned approach ; most writers conclude that three levels ( primary , secondary and unstressed ) are required , as outlined in this chapter .
arnold ( 1957 ) presents a well-reasoned approach ; most writers conclude that three levels ( primary , secondary and unstressed ) are [] , as outlined in this chapter .

In a more general way , it can be seen that speakers use various prosodic components to indicate to others that they have finished speaking , that another person is expected to speak , that a particular type of response is required , and so on .
in a more general way , it can be seen that speakers use various prosodic components to indicate to others that they have finished speaking , that another person is expected to speak , that a particular type of response is [] , and so on .

We were told that sunglasses would not fit in any department of the store , and the carousel and mirror required would take up too much space .
we were told that sunglasses would not fit in any department of the store , and the carousel and mirror [] would take up too much space .

With the changeover from a counter service to a self service style of shopping in the 195Os , a great revolution in packaging techniques was required .
with the changeover from a counter service to a self service style of shopping in the 195os , a great revolution in packaging techniques was [] .

By the end of rationing in 1954 , most foods required some kind of packaging .
by the end of rationing in 1954 , most foods [] some kind of packaging .

Would all franchisees be required to be participants as part of the contract ?
would all franchisees be [] to be participants as part of the contract ?

Therefore any individual stops which will be required at single pelican crossings etc .
therefore any individual stops which will be [] at single pelican crossings etc .

With all the problems of section 56 funding , and the learning curves involved in the Government  required design-built-and-operate contract , as well as being the first new street tramway built in Britain since 1949 , Metrolink has nevertheless provided a focus and showcase for the large number of light rail schemes at present being developed .
with all the problems of section 56 funding , and the learning curves involved in the government  [] design-built-and-operate contract , as well as being the first new street tramway built in britain since 1949 , metrolink has nevertheless provided a focus and showcase for the large number of light rail schemes at present being developed .

Most operators have therefore reduced their labour force to a core of general port operatives who are required to perform a wide variety of tasks , supplemented as and when needed by a periphery of temporary , casual or contract labour .
most operators have therefore reduced their labour force to a core of general port operatives who are [] to perform a wide variety of tasks , supplemented as and when needed by a periphery of temporary , casual or contract labour .

Ensuring the right material is cut to the correct size in the required quantities is the job of Robert Bowen , above .
ensuring the right material is cut to the correct size in the [] quantities is the job of robert bowen , above .

Courtaulds had explored the possibility of creating its own melt-spun operation but the capital investment required and the problems of market penetration suggested a collaboration deal was the best way forward .
courtaulds had explored the possibility of creating its own melt-spun operation but the capital investment [] and the problems of market penetration suggested a collaboration deal was the best way forward .

This new world will also be one in which we can not expect any new carrier to be able to enter the airline market to any competitive extent owing to lack of the large resources required .
this new world will also be one in which we can not expect any new carrier to be able to enter the airline market to any competitive extent owing to lack of the large resources [] .

The trouble with this method is that there are still more definitions required , for example , all of the signal control terms which are in another chapter .
the trouble with this method is that there are still more definitions [] , for example , all of the signal control terms which are in another chapter .

The Chelsea defender was stretchered off the Anfield turf on September 5 following a challenge with the former Reds ' striker , suffering cruciate ligament damage which required one operation , with further surgery likely .
the chelsea defender was stretchered off the anfield turf on september 5 following a challenge with the former reds ' striker , suffering cruciate ligament damage which [] one operation , with further surgery likely .

At 3.15 this morning Clinton had passed the magical 270 electoral votes he required to win the presidency .
at 3.15 this morning clinton had passed the magical 270 electoral votes he [] to win the presidency .

 If improved funding is not available and efficiency savings are still required , then the only flexibility in the budget is that of reducing police and civilian manpower levels . 
 if improved funding is not available and efficiency savings are still [] , then the only flexibility in the budget is that of reducing police and civilian manpower levels . 

An early goal is required , obviously .
an early goal is [] , obviously .

This is exactly what Chancellor Norman Lamont is about to do in order to find the resources with which to give the economy its required boost .
this is exactly what chancellor norman lamont is about to do in order to find the resources with which to give the economy its [] boost .

Liverpool 's desire to score the goals required was resulting in a glaring lack of composure , playing into Spartak 's hands .
liverpool 's desire to score the goals [] was resulting in a glaring lack of composure , playing into spartak 's hands .

Power steering , automatic transmissions , hand-controlled accelerator and brake and swivel seats are often required .
power steering , automatic transmissions , hand-controlled accelerator and brake and swivel seats are often [] .

Eladon will supply the centre with future stocks as required .
eladon will supply the centre with future stocks as [] .

Although an opinion poll last week suggested they could just secure the required number of seats , the tide is expected to turn against them in the course of a three-week campaign .
although an opinion poll last week suggested they could just secure the [] number of seats , the tide is expected to turn against them in the course of a three-week campaign .

It claims :  The South Glamorgan Health Authority will be unable to function with the proper degree of independence required if it has a spy in the camp in the personage of the minister 's secretary . 
it claims :  the south glamorgan health authority will be unable to function with the proper degree of independence [] if it has a spy in the camp in the personage of the minister 's secretary . 

National Union of Public Employees ' senior London officer Chris Humphreys said :  It is essential the inquiry reports quickly and that any additional resources required are available .
national union of public employees ' senior london officer chris humphreys said :  it is essential the inquiry reports quickly and that any additional resources [] are available .

 Most young swimmers find it terribly hard to do all the training that is required and also live a normal life .
 most young swimmers find it terribly hard to do all the training that is [] and also live a normal life .

Under the 1988 Road Traffic Act , a driver can be required to give a blood or urine sample only if breath tests prove impossible or inappropriate .
under the 1988 road traffic act , a driver can be [] to give a blood or urine sample only if breath tests prove impossible or inappropriate .

In Mr Warren 's case , the intoximeter at the police station did not function correctly and so samples were required .
in mr warren 's case , the intoximeter at the police station did not function correctly and so samples were [] .

It is reckoned that , at the speed of 1916 aircraft , such a blockade of the air would have required a minimum of 720 planes , not 168 , to have been in the least bit effective .
it is reckoned that , at the speed of 1916 aircraft , such a blockade of the air would have [] a minimum of 720 planes , not 168 , to have been in the least bit effective .

Why these extraordinary German lapses ? Perhaps the closest one can get to the truth lies in a remarkable admission made by the Chief of the Luftwaffe himself , General Hoeppner ; that , at Verdun ,  We did not exactly know what should be required of aviation . 
why these extraordinary german lapses ? perhaps the closest one can get to the truth lies in a remarkable admission made by the chief of the luftwaffe himself , general hoeppner ; that , at verdun ,  we did not exactly know what should be [] of aviation . 

Experimental design is today 's tool for reducing the number of experiments required to establish optimum coating formulation criteria in new product development .
experimental design is today 's tool for reducing the number of experiments [] to establish optimum coating formulation criteria in new product development .

But Taubmans , using Japanese technology , has convinced Toyota it can deliver the quality and service required at the new factory .
but taubmans , using japanese technology , has convinced toyota it can deliver the quality and service [] at the new factory .

If a participant is celebrating a birthday , for example , he is required to sink a can of beer accompanied by a count-down by his fellow Harriers .
if a participant is celebrating a birthday , for example , he is [] to sink a can of beer accompanied by a count-down by his fellow harriers .

The only solution was to fly in the required paint from Port Moresby to the mining project site , where Tabubil Engineering was heading the fabrication effort .
the only solution was to fly in the [] paint from port moresby to the mining project site , where tabubil engineering was heading the fabrication effort .

 This required a great effort from our whole team ,  said .
 this [] a great effort from our whole team ,  said .

It has a watching brief to keep its eye on the activities of banks and other financial institutions which are required to submit monthly returns to the Bank .
it has a watching brief to keep its eye on the activities of banks and other financial institutions which are [] to submit monthly returns to the bank .

Special deposits are deposits of banks from time to time required by the Bank of England to be lodged in addition to normal reserve requirements .
special deposits are deposits of banks from time to time [] by the bank of england to be lodged in addition to normal reserve requirements .

For the purposes of the examination , full coverage of Study Theme 1 ( Politics in a Democratic Society ) is required of all candidates .
for the purposes of the examination , full coverage of study theme 1 ( politics in a democratic society ) is [] of all candidates .

An operations director , for example might be expected to understand the characteristics of a world-class manufacturing operation  stage four  while a shift manager may be required to understand thoroughly his or her own process  stage one .
an operations director , for example might be expected to understand the characteristics of a world-class manufacturing operation  stage four  while a shift manager may be [] to understand thoroughly his or her own process  stage one .

Key to the improvements has been the reduction of bureaucracy and paperwork previously required for each truck load .
key to the improvements has been the reduction of bureaucracy and paperwork previously [] for each truck load .

The data produced will provide more information than legally required .
the data produced will provide more information than legally [] .

As discussed in section 2.3 , wirewound resistors possess considerable inductance and capacitance and , where resistors are required in a.c. bridges , it is best to use modern thin-film types .
as discussed in section 2.3 , wirewound resistors possess considerable inductance and capacitance and , where resistors are [] in a.c. bridges , it is best to use modern thin-film types .

Inductors exhibit inherent resistance and capacitance and are less convenient as standards than capacitors , particularly when continuous variation is required , as discussed in sections 4.1 and 4.2 .
inductors exhibit inherent resistance and capacitance and are less convenient as standards than capacitors , particularly when continuous variation is [] , as discussed in sections 4.1 and 4.2 .

Secondly , is required to allow the balance condition ( 7.18 ) to be achieved .
secondly , is [] to allow the balance condition ( 7.18 ) to be achieved .

Its input impedance when terminated in the impedance given by equation ( 9.66 ) is On using equation ( 9.1 ) again , this relation reduces to Thus the network of figure 9.11 ( b ) terminated in the impedance given by equation ( 9.66 ) presents impedance at its input terminals , precisely the required termination for constant-k or m-derived T-sections .
its input impedance when terminated in the impedance given by equation ( 9.66 ) is on using equation ( 9.1 ) again , this relation reduces to thus the network of figure 9.11 ( b ) terminated in the impedance given by equation ( 9.66 ) presents impedance at its input terminals , precisely the [] termination for constant-k or m-derived t-sections .

The network designed to provide negative feedback over the required operational frequency range can itself introduce positive feedback at other frequencies .
the network designed to provide negative feedback over the [] operational frequency range can itself introduce positive feedback at other frequencies .

In such cases the phase information is superfluous because it is implied in the plot of the amplitude behaviour and only the latter is required .
in such cases the phase information is superfluous because it is implied in the plot of the amplitude behaviour and only the latter is [] .

Now , if and are presented on the same plot , their separation is the required as illustrated in figure 10.16 ( a ) and where they cross corresponds to the crucial condition .
now , if and are presented on the same plot , their separation is the [] as illustrated in figure 10.16 ( a ) and where they cross corresponds to the crucial condition .

11.4 Commonly required Laplace transforms
11.4 commonly [] laplace transforms

In the former case and assuming that is zero when With regard to the Laplace transform of an integral function and assuming that when the required transform is Note that is to be interpreted as the initial value of the integral quantity .
in the former case and assuming that is zero when with regard to the laplace transform of an integral function and assuming that when the [] transform is note that is to be interpreted as the initial value of the integral quantity .

In order to gain an understanding of the synthesis procedure , consider first the elementary problem of designing a first-order Butterworth filter for which , from equation ( 12.2 ) or in terms of the parameter It is required to find the physically realisable transfer function which will yield the first-order , Butterworth , amplitude-squared response represented by equation ( 12.3 ) or ( 12.4 ) .
in order to gain an understanding of the synthesis procedure , consider first the elementary problem of designing a first-order butterworth filter for which , from equation ( 12.2 ) or in terms of the parameter it is [] to find the physically realisable transfer function which will yield the first-order , butterworth , amplitude-squared response represented by equation ( 12.3 ) or ( 12.4 ) .

Turning to the design of a second-order Butterworth filter , according to equation ( 12.2 ) is required .
turning to the design of a second-order butterworth filter , according to equation ( 12.2 ) is [] .

To create a Chebyshev filter , equation ( 12.22 ) shows that the poles of must be arranged to satisfy Making the helpful substitution so that the required condition ( 12.27 ) becomes or on equating real and imaginary parts Since can not be zero , and and it follows that the poles of are given by equation ( 12.28 ) subject to the two conditions where p is any integer ( positive or negative ) including zero , and Of course , the poles can also be obtained through similar substitution for rather than .
to create a chebyshev filter , equation ( 12.22 ) shows that the poles of must be arranged to satisfy making the helpful substitution so that the [] condition ( 12.27 ) becomes or on equating real and imaginary parts since can not be zero , and and it follows that the poles of are given by equation ( 12.28 ) subject to the two conditions where p is any integer ( positive or negative ) including zero , and of course , the poles can also be obtained through similar substitution for rather than .

According to this particular result , the required poles of are given by or since where or 243.43 .
according to this particular result , the [] poles of are given by or since where or 243.43 .

All those coming onto the plant for the overhaul had to know exactly what was required .
all those coming onto the plant for the overhaul had to know exactly what was [] .

Given this scenario one would have thought that it was clear for all to see that what is required are urgent steps to reduce the time , and opportunity for offending , between being apprehended for an offence and having that offence dealt with by the courts .
given this scenario one would have thought that it was clear for all to see that what is [] are urgent steps to reduce the time , and opportunity for offending , between being apprehended for an offence and having that offence dealt with by the courts .

The ability to think on one 's feet is of great benefit to a salesperson , since he will be required to modify his sales presentation to suit the particular needs and problems of his various customers and to respond quickly to unusual objections and awkward questions .
the ability to think on one 's feet is of great benefit to a salesperson , since he will be [] to modify his sales presentation to suit the particular needs and problems of his various customers and to respond quickly to unusual objections and awkward questions .

In industrial selling , the salesperson may be called upon to be an adviser or consultant who is required to provide solutions to problems .
in industrial selling , the salesperson may be called upon to be an adviser or consultant who is [] to provide solutions to problems .

The entry form is usually located on or near the product and it is usually required that each entry is accompanied by proofs of purchase .
the entry form is usually located on or near the product and it is usually [] that each entry is accompanied by proofs of purchase .

to achieve the required display levels of a product ;
to achieve the [] display levels of a product ;

The timing of the scheme may depend upon the size of the sales force , the immediacy of action required and the nature of the objectives to be achieved .
the timing of the scheme may depend upon the size of the sales force , the immediacy of action [] and the nature of the objectives to be achieved .

Sometimes the salespeople carry out merchandising activities like building up shelf displays , providing window stickers and in-store advertising , although sometimes these duties are carried out by a separate merchandiser or team of merchandisers , particularly when some form of demonstration or product promotion is required .
sometimes the salespeople carry out merchandising activities like building up shelf displays , providing window stickers and in-store advertising , although sometimes these duties are carried out by a separate merchandiser or team of merchandisers , particularly when some form of demonstration or product promotion is [] .

There has been a growth in mass marketing because increased standards of living have meant that products which were once luxury goods are now utility goods and required by the bulk of the population , e.g .
there has been a growth in mass marketing because increased standards of living have meant that products which were once luxury goods are now utility goods and [] by the bulk of the population , e.g .

The stand should be planned as early as possible by drawing up a checklist of everything required , checking limitations on stand design , drawing up a checklist of stand services required and a progress chart for the preparation of all products and exhibits , including their manufacture , transportation to the exhibition , assembly and dismantling .
the stand should be planned as early as possible by drawing up a checklist of everything [] , checking limitations on stand design , drawing up a checklist of stand services [] and a progress chart for the preparation of all products and exhibits , including their manufacture , transportation to the exhibition , assembly and dismantling .

The organisation required to implement international sales operations can be complex .
the organisation [] to implement international sales operations can be complex .

Does the agent provide the required coverage for your market ?
does the agent provide the [] coverage for your market ?

Important markets should be visited more frequently , particularly if technical assistance or after-sales service is required .
important markets should be visited more frequently , particularly if technical assistance or after-sales service is [] .

The Grid control Centre forecasts the amount of gas required and then notifies the National Control Centre who can then nominate the volume of gas to be fed into the system at the coastal terminals .
the grid control centre forecasts the amount of gas [] and then notifies the national control centre who can then nominate the volume of gas to be fed into the system at the coastal terminals .

It leaves them in no doubt as to what 's required .
it leaves them in no doubt as to what 's [] .

Last year , a Corrective Action Team was set up in Chlor-Chemicals to find ways in which the existing stock of drums and cylinders could support a required 25% increase in chlorine business while avoiding major capital expenditure on new packaging .
last year , a corrective action team was set up in chlor-chemicals to find ways in which the existing stock of drums and cylinders could support a [] 25% increase in chlorine business while avoiding major capital expenditure on new packaging .

The literature design process mirrors any manufacturing process : the first stages are research and development , defining markets and audiences and finding the most suitable materials and shapes that will perform the required function .
the literature design process mirrors any manufacturing process : the first stages are research and development , defining markets and audiences and finding the most suitable materials and shapes that will perform the [] function .

In order to cut costs in the design process , we looked at reducing the amount of design time required for each issue .
in order to cut costs in the design process , we looked at reducing the amount of design time [] for each issue .

Mm , in other words why did , why did he continue in chapter eleven go on about there will be many in eastern parts will come and required at the table or in other words in the kingdom
mm , in other words why did , why did he continue in chapter eleven go on about there will be many in eastern parts will come and [] at the table or in other words in the kingdom

because that required faith at the same sort as the army officer had
because that [] faith at the same sort as the army officer had

They are required
they are []

they are required to do five hours work for you a day
they are [] to do five hours work for you a day

Film extras required in all areas only eight
film extras [] in all areas only eight

Well if it if it gives you the required amount or
well if it if it gives you the [] amount or

then he works the hours required .
then he works the hours [] .

Did you get any explanations why it was all required in earlier ?
did you get any explanations why it was all [] in earlier ?

But the South West Water Authority or whatever they 're called erm also made a big profit did n't they ? But the guy said well ninety percent of this has got to be spent on a small proportion of the works which we are required to do over the next decade .
but the south west water authority or whatever they 're called erm also made a big profit did n't they ? but the guy said well ninety percent of this has got to be spent on a small proportion of the works which we are [] to do over the next decade .

Why were they required ?
why were they [] ?

Yes , yes , he is William , erm , the there are sixteen of the item outstanding on this order , eight required on this order and he says they have n't quite tested eight yet .
yes , yes , he is william , erm , the there are sixteen of the item outstanding on this order , eight [] on this order and he says they have n't quite tested eight yet .

As you can imagine , they are expecting that the course is going to be a popular one and so would-be students are required to pass an audition .
as you can imagine , they are expecting that the course is going to be a popular one and so would-be students are [] to pass an audition .

He claims keeping an eye on statistics , no less , helped him realise what was required of him .
he claims keeping an eye on statistics , no less , helped him realise what was [] of him .

Remember that if it should roll , once you have grounded the club and taken your stance , you will incur a one-stroke penalty and be required to replace the ball in its original position .
remember that if it should roll , once you have grounded the club and taken your stance , you will incur a one-stroke penalty and be [] to replace the ball in its original position .

Its story is well-known : its fretted neck allowed guitarists to relate to it , and it allowed them to double-up on bass if required .
its story is well-known : its fretted neck allowed guitarists to relate to it , and it allowed them to double-up on bass if [] .

Finally , on the front panel , there 's the master volume knob and the controls for the onboard Alesis reverb/delay unit  a sixteen-notch rotary knob and a  return  control for setting the required level of effect , from the tiniest hint of echo through to a nightmare in a bathtub .
finally , on the front panel , there 's the master volume knob and the controls for the onboard alesis reverb/delay unit  a sixteen-notch rotary knob and a  return  control for setting the [] level of effect , from the tiniest hint of echo through to a nightmare in a bathtub .

As mentioned , a plectrum extracts the most from the system ; fingerstyle playing , with its up-stroke action , tends to negate the effect of the drones , although this can be advantageous when a more traditional sound is required .
as mentioned , a plectrum extracts the most from the system ; fingerstyle playing , with its up-stroke action , tends to negate the effect of the drones , although this can be advantageous when a more traditional sound is [] .

This is not for us fishkeepers , so it is fortunate that no persuasion is required to adapt to my typical menu , of beefheart , lancefish , mussels , feeder shrimps , worms and just about any other meat-based food .
this is not for us fishkeepers , so it is fortunate that no persuasion is [] to adapt to my typical menu , of beefheart , lancefish , mussels , feeder shrimps , worms and just about any other meat-based food .

Good filtration is required , and a 25 % weekly water change is very wise .
good filtration is [] , and a 25 % weekly water change is very wise .

Kit required :
kit [] :

The time-honoured foam filter is a good beginner 's choice , and an excellent back-up to other systems , especially as it can be matured ( build-up a working population of bacteria ) in the tank at the same time as other systems  then moved into action at the required time should a back-up or quarantine tank become necessary .
the time-honoured foam filter is a good beginner 's choice , and an excellent back-up to other systems , especially as it can be matured ( build-up a working population of bacteria ) in the tank at the same time as other systems  then moved into action at the [] time should a back-up or quarantine tank become necessary .

The date stamps now required on flake and other foods will be a real boon to the fishkeeper  now 's the time for the same on test kits .
the date stamps now [] on flake and other foods will be a real boon to the fishkeeper  now 's the time for the same on test kits .

Fish kept in the breeding tank while it is not in use could be removed when it is required .
fish kept in the breeding tank while it is not in use could be removed when it is [] .

My tap water is pH 77.5 , what pH and hardness is required ?
my tap water is ph 77.5 , what ph and hardness is [] ?

It is non-toxic ( once cured ) , and it can be removed if required .
it is non-toxic ( once cured ) , and it can be removed if [] .

Clean inlet strainers and outlets once a week ( more , if required ) and all tubing should be cleared of obstructive algae and detritus with a propriety hose brush every few months .
clean inlet strainers and outlets once a week ( more , if [] ) and all tubing should be cleared of obstructive algae and detritus with a propriety hose brush every few months .

If the required standards to keep an anemone healthy can not be met it must be better to keep to captive-bred clowns and forgo the anemone .
if the [] standards to keep an anemone healthy can not be met it must be better to keep to captive-bred clowns and forgo the anemone .

If , from the outset , you have an idea of what to keep and its potential size , you should be able to calculate the size of tank required .
if , from the outset , you have an idea of what to keep and its potential size , you should be able to calculate the size of tank [] .

The level required is very much a matter of experience .
the level [] is very much a matter of experience .

Find out as much about the food requirements of your fish before you purchase them in case you can not provide the special diet required .
find out as much about the food requirements of your fish before you purchase them in case you can not provide the special diet [] .

When you purchase your new filter ensure you have all the necessary filtration media to maintain water quality as required by the fish you keep or intend to keep . If in doubt consult your dealer
when you purchase your new filter ensure you have all the necessary filtration media to maintain water quality as [] by the fish you keep or intend to keep . if in doubt consult your dealer

Check , recharge and/or change as required any ion exchange media that you may be using on a frequent and routine basis .
check , recharge and/or change as [] any ion exchange media that you may be using on a frequent and routine basis .

Encouragement and real results are the essential ingredients required to nurture adequate supplies of willpower and to keep it growing .
encouragement and real results are the essential ingredients [] to nurture adequate supplies of willpower and to keep it growing .

This is a slightly warmer channel and allows access to the cloaking device if required .
this is a slightly warmer channel and allows access to the cloaking device if [] .

The saddles are possessed of full three-way adjustment , so all that 's required for setting up is there .
the saddles are possessed of full three-way adjustment , so all that 's [] for setting up is there .

Using this method the idling current can be limited to very low values whilst maintaining the large voltage and current swings required to drive a loudspeaker .
using this method the idling current can be limited to very low values whilst maintaining the large voltage and current swings [] to drive a loudspeaker .

The component layout and details of breaks required in the underside copper tracks is shown in Fig .
the component layout and details of breaks [] in the underside copper tracks is shown in fig .

As you can see it 's quite simple due to the fact that only the controls , input/output sockets , transformer and board mounting holes are required .
as you can see it 's quite simple due to the fact that only the controls , input/output sockets , transformer and board mounting holes are [] .

No setting up is required . All that remains is to wish you good listening !
no setting up is [] . all that remains is to wish you good listening !

My own system required the use of two program which had to be loaded independently .
my own system [] the use of two program which had to be loaded independently .

For such occasions , and provided that only local station reception is required , a simple single-stage a.m. tuner can suffice .
for such occasions , and provided that only local station reception is [] , a simple single-stage a.m. tuner can suffice .

No additional components are required .
no additional components are [] .

No other mounting hardware is generally required in these instances , and the design of the p.c.b .
no other mounting hardware is generally [] in these instances , and the design of the p.c.b .

Designing your own artwork starts by drafting a rough component layout diagram , referring to the circuit diagram and manufacturer 's data as required .
designing your own artwork starts by drafting a rough component layout diagram , referring to the circuit diagram and manufacturer 's data as [] .

Readers can determine whether or not any extra suppression is required with some simple usage tests , as it may not be necessary to go to the added expense of incorporating any spike suppressors , depending on the characteristics of the light unit used .
readers can determine whether or not any extra suppression is [] with some simple usage tests , as it may not be necessary to go to the added expense of incorporating any spike suppressors , depending on the characteristics of the light unit used .

The two 6-volt outputs will be in-phase , whereas it is out-of-phase signals that are required .
the two 6-volt outputs will be in-phase , whereas it is out-of-phase signals that are [] .

Also be careful not to use series connection where parallel connection is required .
also be careful not to use series connection where parallel connection is [] .

This would give double the required output voltage which could easily cause damage to the power supply components and beyond .
this would give double the [] output voltage which could easily cause damage to the power supply components and beyond .

However , these timings could be easily altered if required .
however , these timings could be easily altered if [] .

It also means that the unit is easily attached to the wall if required .
it also means that the unit is easily attached to the wall if [] .

Attach the unit to the wall if required .
attach the unit to the wall if [] .

Remember also , that a licence may be required to use this type of device since it is not handheld  if in doubt , consult your local water company .
remember also , that a licence may be [] to use this type of device since it is not handheld  if in doubt , consult your local water company .

Stripboard component layout and details of breaks required in the underside copper tracks .
stripboard component layout and details of breaks [] in the underside copper tracks .

In addition the conquest of the land required a stronger skeleton once the buoyant support of the sea was finally abandoned .
in addition the conquest of the land [] a stronger skeleton once the buoyant support of the sea was finally abandoned .

If it were not for the hollow bones the 30-ton creature would have required inordinate amounts of energy , and thus more food , to move around .
if it were not for the hollow bones the 30-ton creature would have [] inordinate amounts of energy , and thus more food , to move around .

There is , for instance , the problem of what kind of heart would be needed to propel a large body , and the question would arise as to whether , in the case of very tall animals , a higher blood pressure would be required , with commensurately tougher blood vessels , in order to pump blood from the heart to the brain .
there is , for instance , the problem of what kind of heart would be needed to propel a large body , and the question would arise as to whether , in the case of very tall animals , a higher blood pressure would be [] , with commensurately tougher blood vessels , in order to pump blood from the heart to the brain .

Reptilian blood systems go through a period of self-adjustment permitting the conservation of heat as required , and allowing the creatures to distribute it when needed .
reptilian blood systems go through a period of self-adjustment permitting the conservation of heat as [] , and allowing the creatures to distribute it when needed .

It is evident that the classical Hindu tradition , in which Gandhi was nurtured , recognized the importance of family life as providing the cohesive force required for the well-being of society as a whole .
it is evident that the classical hindu tradition , in which gandhi was nurtured , recognized the importance of family life as providing the cohesive force [] for the well-being of society as a whole .

The literal meaning of brahmacrya is the same in both cases , but the discipline required of one who resolves to become a vnaprasthin , differs from that required of the student .
the literal meaning of brahmacrya is the same in both cases , but the discipline [] of one who resolves to become a vnaprasthin , differs from that [] of the student .

It needs to be reiterated that the brahmacrya vow is what is required of those men who choose to become satygrahis and not something that is required of all men .
it needs to be reiterated that the brahmacrya vow is what is [] of those men who choose to become satygrahis and not something that is [] of all men .

The vow of obedience characteristic of the Christian orders can be equated within the Indian tradition with the obedience required to abide by the rules governing non-violent action .
the vow of obedience characteristic of the christian orders can be equated within the indian tradition with the obedience [] to abide by the rules governing non-violent action .

The satygrahi , for example , is required to harbour no anger , never retaliate , voluntarily submit to arrest , never resort to insults , behave courteously , obey orders , respect religious beliefs of others , be prepared to suffer and be scrupulously honest .
the satygrahi , for example , is [] to harbour no anger , never retaliate , voluntarily submit to arrest , never resort to insults , behave courteously , obey orders , respect religious beliefs of others , be prepared to suffer and be scrupulously honest .

It was applied against the discriminatory laws of the Transvaal Government , one of which required Indians to procure a certificate of registration from the Registrar of Asiatics or else face the threat of deportation .
it was applied against the discriminatory laws of the transvaal government , one of which [] indians to procure a certificate of registration from the registrar of asiatics or else face the threat of deportation .

The reason for this is that equal pressure is required on each block to obtain similar output levels .
the reason for this is that equal pressure is [] on each block to obtain similar output levels .

This should only be carried out by a professional repairer as special equipment and experience in dealing with severely warped necks is required .
this should only be carried out by a professional repairer as special equipment and experience in dealing with severely warped necks is [] .

Providing you had memorised the five scale patterns and the associated chord shape for each one , it was merely a question of finding the chord shape in whatever key/position was required , and the appropriate scale fingering would follow .
providing you had memorised the five scale patterns and the associated chord shape for each one , it was merely a question of finding the chord shape in whatever key/position was [] , and the appropriate scale fingering would follow .

His idea was that , as the Masai acquired more and more permanent waters , they would at first acquire more and more cattle ; indeed , the prospect of doing so would be the incentive required to get them to pay for the water in the first place .
his idea was that , as the masai acquired more and more permanent waters , they would at first acquire more and more cattle ; indeed , the prospect of doing so would be the incentive [] to get them to pay for the water in the first place .

Frequent leave was recommended  in order to regain sanity of outlook after long periods of loneliness  , and it was later added that :  Intellectual geniuses are not required , nor anyone with  nerves  or who is likely to become  Masai-astic   i.e .
frequent leave was recommended  in order to regain sanity of outlook after long periods of loneliness  , and it was later added that :  intellectual geniuses are not [] , nor anyone with  nerves  or who is likely to become  masai-astic   i.e .

There was nothing equivocal about that ; nor was there about the oath of allegiance the emirs were required to take , which recognized the undisputed sovereignty in all matters , saving that of religion , of the British government .
there was nothing equivocal about that ; nor was there about the oath of allegiance the emirs were [] to take , which recognized the undisputed sovereignty in all matters , saving that of religion , of the british government .

Indirect Rule had far more ideological content than the Punjab creed : it was found necessary ceaselessly to draw attention  perhaps because it was a principle coming to be so explicitly disputed by those to whom it was applied  to the long and careful weaning required for the native to shed his primitive mode of thinking and adopt successfully the ways of the modern world .
indirect rule had far more ideological content than the punjab creed : it was found necessary ceaselessly to draw attention  perhaps because it was a principle coming to be so explicitly disputed by those to whom it was applied  to the long and careful weaning [] for the native to shed his primitive mode of thinking and adopt successfully the ways of the modern world .

To recognise where a reform is urgently required and must be effected at any cost , or where it may be postponed , or where it may be counted on to effect itself without outside influence , and , perhaps most important of all , to be able to recognise the fact that certain reforms would be beneficial could they be effected but that it is not possible to effect them at all ; to be able to arrive at a right decision on such points as these is what is chiefly required of a Resident .
to recognise where a reform is urgently [] and must be effected at any cost , or where it may be postponed , or where it may be counted on to effect itself without outside influence , and , perhaps most important of all , to be able to recognise the fact that certain reforms would be beneficial could they be effected but that it is not possible to effect them at all ; to be able to arrive at a right decision on such points as these is what is chiefly [] of a resident .

After Arnold , they were still bearpits , but with the bears required to put in compulsory attendance at chapel .
after arnold , they were still bearpits , but with the bears [] to put in compulsory attendance at chapel .

Positive action was then required .
positive action was then [] .

The inevitable criticism that it was the former was met firmly with the contention that it was the latter , but it had to be admitted that no one could really be sure , and that to embark on such a venture an act of faith was indubitably required .
the inevitable criticism that it was the former was met firmly with the contention that it was the latter , but it had to be admitted that no one could really be sure , and that to embark on such a venture an act of faith was indubitably [] .

Gandhi has described in Satyagraha in South Africa how in the course of the struggle against the Black Act of 1907 , which required every Indian over the age of eight in the Transvaal to register and be finger-printed , he developed his doctrine of satyagraha or  truth-force  and its practical application in civil disobedience .
gandhi has described in satyagraha in south africa how in the course of the struggle against the black act of 1907 , which [] every indian over the age of eight in the transvaal to register and be finger-printed , he developed his doctrine of satyagraha or  truth-force  and its practical application in civil disobedience .

Irwin was gambling on Gandhi 's inspiration ( referred to in a letter to an English friend as  his silly salt stunt  ) falling flat , and was anxious to avoid pushing Indian moderates into the radical camp by dealing with Gandhi more severely than the maintenance of law and order required .
irwin was gambling on gandhi 's inspiration ( referred to in a letter to an english friend as  his silly salt stunt  ) falling flat , and was anxious to avoid pushing indian moderates into the radical camp by dealing with gandhi more severely than the maintenance of law and order [] .

His goal remained , as it had always been , partnership with Britain within the empire , and he required only to be convinced of British sincerity in working towards this goal to accept the principle of reaching it by easy stages .
his goal remained , as it had always been , partnership with britain within the empire , and he [] only to be convinced of british sincerity in working towards this goal to accept the principle of reaching it by easy stages .

Hailey had exactly the qualities required to make an impact at the Colonial Office , not least among them being , as Curtis astutely realized , the prestige of an immensely distinguished Indian career .
hailey had exactly the qualities [] to make an impact at the colonial office , not least among them being , as curtis astutely realized , the prestige of an immensely distinguished indian career .

In themselves such problems required no change in the administrative system .
in themselves such problems [] no change in the administrative system .

 Fornication and adultery  were sins against the ideal that sex should only take place in  a permanent married relationship  ,  homosexual genital acts also fall short of this ideal  , Christians were  called to be exemplary in all spheres of morality , including sexual morality  , and  holiness of life is particularly required of Christian leaders  .
 fornication and adultery  were sins against the ideal that sex should only take place in  a permanent married relationship  ,  homosexual genital acts also fall short of this ideal  , christians were  called to be exemplary in all spheres of morality , including sexual morality  , and  holiness of life is particularly [] of christian leaders  .

Because Peter was already an experienced golfer he knew just how he should stand , how he should hold the club , what sort of swing was required and how hard to hit the ball .
because peter was already an experienced golfer he knew just how he should stand , how he should hold the club , what sort of swing was [] and how hard to hit the ball .

Fatigue is increased by the constant effort required to be an active listener .
fatigue is increased by the constant effort [] to be an active listener .

The physical effort required in speaking would also be less than against a background noise of heavy traffic .
the physical effort [] in speaking would also be less than against a background noise of heavy traffic .

It is important to conduct a complete course of treatment at the required dosage with these products .
it is important to conduct a complete course of treatment at the [] dosage with these products .

Every nutrient that is required for energy , growth , repair , health , breeding and normal species behaviour can only be obtained from a diet that is balanced ; and there are many examples of things that go wrong when even traces of certain minerals are deficient in the diet .
every nutrient that is [] for energy , growth , repair , health , breeding and normal species behaviour can only be obtained from a diet that is balanced ; and there are many examples of things that go wrong when even traces of certain minerals are deficient in the diet .

If the pH needs to be raised , then a pH adjuster should be added to achieve the required pH level .
if the ph needs to be raised , then a ph adjuster should be added to achieve the [] ph level .

Ordinary aquarium gravel will be suitable for the substrate ; if you fit a gravel tidy then allow some scope for digging , ie do n't put it too near the surface of the gravel , as pits will be required as nurseries for the fry .
ordinary aquarium gravel will be suitable for the substrate ; if you fit a gravel tidy then allow some scope for digging , ie do n't put it too near the surface of the gravel , as pits will be [] as nurseries for the fry .

Things remained thus for nearly 80 years , and although it became generally recognised that the genus needed to be split-up into several smaller ones , the amount of work required was such as to make the task an almost-impossible proposition , at least for a single revision .
things remained thus for nearly 80 years , and although it became generally recognised that the genus needed to be split-up into several smaller ones , the amount of work [] was such as to make the task an almost-impossible proposition , at least for a single revision .

Biologists who keep and study the Stickleback know that salt is required in the water before the species will spawn in captivity .
biologists who keep and study the stickleback know that salt is [] in the water before the species will spawn in captivity .

Large tank required
large tank []

If the cause of death is a mystery , a postmortem examination may be required .
if the cause of death is a mystery , a postmortem examination may be [] .

Large tank required
large tank []

Depth : Most reputable aquatic plant suppliers display charts offering information relating to the depth of water required for planting the different varieties of waterlilies . This might be :
depth : most reputable aquatic plant suppliers display charts offering information relating to the depth of water [] for planting the different varieties of waterlilies . this might be :

With most designs of planting baskets , a hessian or foam liner is required to retain the compost when it is eventually placed in the pond .
with most designs of planting baskets , a hessian or foam liner is [] to retain the compost when it is eventually placed in the pond .

This provides the all-round strength required to safely contain the sometimes vast amounts of water in a large all glass aquarium .
this provides the all-round strength [] to safely contain the sometimes vast amounts of water in a large all glass aquarium .

The model illustrated has the facility to take a heater and a separate thermostat if required , lights and a pump , with a spare terminal which you could use for a power filter .
the model illustrated has the facility to take a heater and a separate thermostat if [] , lights and a pump , with a spare terminal which you could use for a power filter .

The parasites will have to be left until later , when your filter can stand the pond treatment required .
the parasites will have to be left until later , when your filter can stand the pond treatment [] .

The skills required to fulfil that promise are every bit as complex as those needed to nurture grapes , not least because the coffee bush requires special conditions in which to thrive .
the skills [] to fulfil that promise are every bit as complex as those needed to nurture grapes , not least because the coffee bush requires special conditions in which to thrive .

In order to give a good effect a fairly wide range of delay times are required , and apparently it is important that the longer times are not exact multiples of the shortest time .
in order to give a good effect a fairly wide range of delay times are [] , and apparently it is important that the longer times are not exact multiples of the shortest time .

This also generates a bias signal required by the delay line chip .
this also generates a bias signal [] by the delay line chip .

The board is a single-sided design , but a few short link wires are required .
the board is a single-sided design , but a few short link wires are [] .

Stripboard component layout and details of breaks required in the underside copper strips .
stripboard component layout and details of breaks [] in the underside copper strips .

All that is required is an l.e.d .
all that is [] is an l.e.d .

As twenty are required it might pay to ask your supplier for a  bulk discount  .
as twenty are [] it might pay to ask your supplier for a  bulk discount  .

When the inductor current is less than that needed by the load , the capacitor sheds some of its stored energy and provides the required additional current .
when the inductor current is less than that needed by the load , the capacitor sheds some of its stored energy and provides the [] additional current .

If , however , continuous variation is required , this preset can be omitted from the board and three wires taken from the relevant board points up to a conventional 1k rotary potentiometer mounted on a front panel , along with any metering .
if , however , continuous variation is [] , this preset can be omitted from the board and three wires taken from the relevant board points up to a conventional 1k rotary potentiometer mounted on a front panel , along with any metering .

artwork on a film , changing it as required , rather than scratching away on a piece of copper clad board !
artwork on a film , changing it as [] , rather than scratching away on a piece of copper clad board !

Adhesive circles and lines are available on a reel and these are simply stuck down onto the film as required .
adhesive circles and lines are available on a reel and these are simply stuck down onto the film as [] .

The board is then ready for drilling and tinning ( if required ) before soldering in the components .
the board is then ready for drilling and tinning ( if [] ) before soldering in the components .

Some sort of multi-compartment box is required , or if you have a lot of components to store it may be necessary to have several of these boxes .
some sort of multi-compartment box is [] , or if you have a lot of components to store it may be necessary to have several of these boxes .

An alternating audio signal is required from pin 6 , and a means must be found of preventing this  feeding back  to pin 2 and cancelling itself out .
an alternating audio signal is [] from pin 6 , and a means must be found of preventing this  feeding back  to pin 2 and cancelling itself out .

Connect all the wire leads required , and finally insert the i.c.s into their sockets ensuring that their notches are towards the top .
connect all the wire leads [] , and finally insert the i.c.s into their sockets ensuring that their notches are towards the top .

It is then decoded and made to change channels , turning up the volume , alter the brightness , mute the sound , or whatever other job is required .
it is then decoded and made to change channels , turning up the volume , alter the brightness , mute the sound , or whatever other job is [] .

The light source is then only required to flash on ( for a 1 ) or remain off ( for a 0 ) and does not need to follow every smooth change in the analogue pattern of the information .
the light source is then only [] to flash on ( for a 1 ) or remain off ( for a 0 ) and does not need to follow every smooth change in the analogue pattern of the information .

Only one copper wire is needed to carry the current required for any bulb switched on in this way so there is a saving in terms of cost and weight .
only one copper wire is needed to carry the current [] for any bulb switched on in this way so there is a saving in terms of cost and weight .

Whilst the cost saving in building from a kit is not enormous there is a certain satisfaction to be derived especially if a custom built solution is required .
whilst the cost saving in building from a kit is not enormous there is a certain satisfaction to be derived especially if a custom built solution is [] .

In order to drive the model servos from the serial port of a computer a protocol converter is required to translate messages squirted out of the port into pulses that the servos can understand .
in order to drive the model servos from the serial port of a computer a protocol converter is [] to translate messages squirted out of the port into pulses that the servos can understand .

Alternatively , servo extension leads can be  cannibalised  to provide the required plugs or sockets .
alternatively , servo extension leads can be  cannibalised  to provide the [] plugs or sockets .

It was not felt appropriate to raise this as a direct question to the authorities so an application was made to Namibia for an amateur radio licence for a Dxpedition to the Penguins . In reply the Namibian authorities stated they could not grant a licence as the islands were South African territory , thus indirectly providing the information required !
it was not felt appropriate to raise this as a direct question to the authorities so an application was made to namibia for an amateur radio licence for a dxpedition to the penguins . in reply the namibian authorities stated they could not grant a licence as the islands were south african territory , thus indirectly providing the information [] !

With the help of sugarcraft specialists Woodnutts , we have put together kits containing all the accessories and food colourings required for completing our three cakes .
with the help of sugarcraft specialists woodnutts , we have put together kits containing all the accessories and food colourings [] for completing our three cakes .

2 Drizzle clarified butter over the top and chill until required .
2 drizzle clarified butter over the top and chill until [] .

Double or treble the quantities , as required .
double or treble the quantities , as [] .

 Dealing with your ideas in order , buying a secondhand valve amp to use with your existing combo speaker would not work because of the complex switching required to bypass the amplifiers into dummy loads ( a valve amp can not be left on without the speaker or a dummy load in circuit ) as well as input routing to both amps .
 dealing with your ideas in order , buying a secondhand valve amp to use with your existing combo speaker would not work because of the complex switching [] to bypass the amplifiers into dummy loads ( a valve amp can not be left on without the speaker or a dummy load in circuit ) as well as input routing to both amps .

After turning it through 180 degrees , re-install it to give increased adjustment capability in the required direction .
after turning it through 180 degrees , re-install it to give increased adjustment capability in the [] direction .

If you have n't got a tremolo arm fitted on your guitar , then you can simulate the effect by playing one fret down and using a normal  bend up  into the required note .
if you have n't got a tremolo arm fitted on your guitar , then you can simulate the effect by playing one fret down and using a normal  bend up  into the [] note .

But on the basis that  there has to be a snag  , those who have n't taken much interest in the dietary fibre health factor to date may well become a little alarmed about what type of foods they will be required to eat on this diet .
but on the basis that  there has to be a snag  , those who have n't taken much interest in the dietary fibre health factor to date may well become a little alarmed about what type of foods they will be [] to eat on this diet .

This was based on subtracting the calories consumed in food from the calories required to keep the body going .
this was based on subtracting the calories consumed in food from the calories [] to keep the body going .

At a fast eating pace and with a minimum amount of chewing  and very little chewing is usually required with refined sugary and starchy foods  an awful lot of calories can be consumed in five minutes .
at a fast eating pace and with a minimum amount of chewing  and very little chewing is usually [] with refined sugary and starchy foods  an awful lot of calories can be consumed in five minutes .

Even when refined sugar is combined with refined flour to make cakes or desserts , the chewing required tends to be minimal .
even when refined sugar is combined with refined flour to make cakes or desserts , the chewing [] tends to be minimal .

The average Briton 's full daily intake of 20g is provided by the two pieces of fruit , and muesli-type mix called Fibre-Filler , which you are required to eat each day as part of this slimming plan .
the average briton 's full daily intake of 20g is provided by the two pieces of fruit , and muesli-type mix called fibre-filler , which you are [] to eat each day as part of this slimming plan .

It was their view , and that of many an old-fashioned Mum , that the good Lord required a regular daily bowel movement .
it was their view , and that of many an old-fashioned mum , that the good lord [] a regular daily bowel movement .

Since the advent of treatment with bran , fewer patients have required surgery for the complications of diverticular disease .
since the advent of treatment with bran , fewer patients have [] surgery for the complications of diverticular disease .

We have looked at the maintenance required to keep your water quality ideal for your fish .
we have looked at the maintenance [] to keep your water quality ideal for your fish .

It 's easily assembled ; the only other tools required are a junior hacksaw blade and a pair of scissors .
it 's easily assembled ; the only other tools [] are a junior hacksaw blade and a pair of scissors .

Plenty of rocks required
plenty of rocks []

Where they indubitably have a pair , then it is often only patience that is required , though sometimes incorrect pH may be causing problems .
where they indubitably have a pair , then it is often only patience that is [] , though sometimes incorrect ph may be causing problems .

This does n't include the money which would be required for modernisation .
this does n't include the money which would be [] for modernisation .

The salt contains a pH buffer , and only the useful trace elements required by marine life .
the salt contains a ph buffer , and only the useful trace elements [] by marine life .

Iodine is required by soft corals and moulting crustaceans .
iodine is [] by soft corals and moulting crustaceans .

The government envisaged the mapping as being a simple , progressive operation which only required to be undertaken once , and the sooner the better .
the government envisaged the mapping as being a simple , progressive operation which only [] to be undertaken once , and the sooner the better .

Repeated treatments as required keep him on his feet .
repeated treatments as [] keep him on his feet .

It would seem that they are the molecules responsible for maintaining the harmonious , smooth running of the body 's many functions , stimulating the release of hormones when required , organizing healing and repair and bringing into play the complex workings of the immune system .
it would seem that they are the molecules responsible for maintaining the harmonious , smooth running of the body 's many functions , stimulating the release of hormones when [] , organizing healing and repair and bringing into play the complex workings of the immune system .

They can therefore be used in designing the treatment required to restore the individual to balance and hence to health .
they can therefore be used in designing the treatment [] to restore the individual to balance and hence to health .

The remedy may change , or in acute injuries more than one remedy may be required , but in classical homoeopathy the remedies are administered one at a time and not as a mixture .
the remedy may change , or in acute injuries more than one remedy may be [] , but in classical homoeopathy the remedies are administered one at a time and not as a mixture .

Where more than one remedy is required they can be given in sequence , one at a time , a certain length of time apart  one every ten minutes , for example , or one every half hour .
where more than one remedy is [] they can be given in sequence , one at a time , a certain length of time apart  one every ten minutes , for example , or one every half hour .

It is only when improvement ceases but further improvement is possible , or the patient begins to deteriorate again , that the dose is repeated , as it appears that the initial dose has been exhausted and more is required .
it is only when improvement ceases but further improvement is possible , or the patient begins to deteriorate again , that the dose is repeated , as it appears that the initial dose has been exhausted and more is [] .

In a similar way , if a homoeopathic remedy is repeated before it is required , the repetition can upset the efficient working of the remedy and may even undo all the good that has already been done .
in a similar way , if a homoeopathic remedy is repeated before it is [] , the repetition can upset the efficient working of the remedy and may even undo all the good that has already been done .

Repetitions of the remedy would therefore be required .
repetitions of the remedy would therefore be [] .

Repetition of the remedy is continued for as long as is required , and the doses are tailed off gradually .
repetition of the remedy is continued for as long as is [] , and the doses are tailed off gradually .

This concept is in keeping with the observations from the remedy provings , since the low potencies produce mainly physical symptoms , and the high potencies are required to bring out the full mental symptomatology .
this concept is in keeping with the observations from the remedy provings , since the low potencies produce mainly physical symptoms , and the high potencies are [] to bring out the full mental symptomatology .

Miasms are now recognized to be both inherited and acquired ; and often a specific remedy called a nosode , which is related to the infection in question , is required before a chronic condition can be entirely cleared up .
miasms are now recognized to be both inherited and acquired ; and often a specific remedy called a nosode , which is related to the infection in question , is [] before a chronic condition can be entirely cleared up .

Basically , our diet supplies us with two things : energy to fuel ourselves , and the building blocks required to create and to replace worn out and lost components of our bodies .
basically , our diet supplies us with two things : energy to fuel ourselves , and the building blocks [] to create and to replace worn out and lost components of our bodies .

They therefore become less than healthy for us , simply empty calories without the essential factors required to utilize them .
they therefore become less than healthy for us , simply empty calories without the essential factors [] to utilize them .

Simply removing this stress can , in many instances , restore an individual to normal function without any other therapy being required .
simply removing this stress can , in many instances , restore an individual to normal function without any other therapy being [] .

The elimination of neck tension can relieve headaches , frozen shoulder , tennis elbow , wrist pain , shoulder-blade , mid-back and low-back pains , hip , knee , ankle and foot pains , lumbago , sciatica and general  neuralgic  aches and pains , often without any other treatment being required .
the elimination of neck tension can relieve headaches , frozen shoulder , tennis elbow , wrist pain , shoulder-blade , mid-back and low-back pains , hip , knee , ankle and foot pains , lumbago , sciatica and general  neuralgic  aches and pains , often without any other treatment being [] .

The results to date would seem to indicate that a rest period of at least three minutes is required between one dilution and the next .
the results to date would seem to indicate that a rest period of at least three minutes is [] between one dilution and the next .

Perhaps this length of time is required for the long-chain polymers to stabilize after the succussion process ends .
perhaps this length of time is [] for the long-chain polymers to stabilize after the succussion process ends .

One reason for this is undoubtedly the fact that many of those who are attracted to homoeopathy are well content just to treat patients as they present , and do not have the expertise or the scientific bent of mind required to design and carry out clinical trials .
one reason for this is undoubtedly the fact that many of those who are attracted to homoeopathy are well content just to treat patients as they present , and do not have the expertise or the scientific bent of mind [] to design and carry out clinical trials .

In most instances , if the correct remedy is given , the antibiotic will not be required .
in most instances , if the correct remedy is given , the antibiotic will not be [] .

These matches were required to show whether the All Blacks tight five were still able to cut the mustard , whether the loose forwards could combine , whether New Zealand could put together a backline attack without having Joe Stanley as the lynch-pin .
these matches were [] to show whether the all blacks tight five were still able to cut the mustard , whether the loose forwards could combine , whether new zealand could put together a backline attack without having joe stanley as the lynch-pin .

Corporate executives contemplating the possibility of being required to commit corporate crimes know that they face a regulatory agency which for the most part will be unable to detect what is going on , and in the minority of cases when it does , it will have no heart and few resources to pursue the matter into the criminal courts .
corporate executives contemplating the possibility of being [] to commit corporate crimes know that they face a regulatory agency which for the most part will be unable to detect what is going on , and in the minority of cases when it does , it will have no heart and few resources to pursue the matter into the criminal courts .

Naturally this enforcement pattern could be justified by the inspectorate who see their primary function not as a kind of industrial police force , but more of a pastoral mission rounding up wayward factory owners and showing them the light and contentment to be gained from compliance with current standards of safety , health , and welfare required by law .
naturally this enforcement pattern could be justified by the inspectorate who see their primary function not as a kind of industrial police force , but more of a pastoral mission rounding up wayward factory owners and showing them the light and contentment to be gained from compliance with current standards of safety , health , and welfare [] by law .

Thus , these subcultures respectively enable corporate officials and lower-class adolescent males to commit crimes without too many pangs of conscience ; through their sanitizing prism , each sub-culture softens criminal acts so that they assume the appearance of  not really  being against the law , or it transforms them into acts required by a morality higher than that enshrined in a parochial criminal law .
thus , these subcultures respectively enable corporate officials and lower-class adolescent males to commit crimes without too many pangs of conscience ; through their sanitizing prism , each sub-culture softens criminal acts so that they assume the appearance of  not really  being against the law , or it transforms them into acts [] by a morality higher than that enshrined in a parochial criminal law .

Under the acts , corporations are required to measure their own pollution level and report this to the inspectorate .
under the acts , corporations are [] to measure their own pollution level and report this to the inspectorate .

When they behave illegally , they could be required to pay for publicizing their own failures , negligence , indifference , apathy , and greed , and also the names , photographs , and misdeeds of each corporate offender .
when they behave illegally , they could be [] to pay for publicizing their own failures , negligence , indifference , apathy , and greed , and also the names , photographs , and misdeeds of each corporate offender .

Under this a corporation could be required to , say , build a new hospital , or pay for a motorway , school , nursery , or library .
under this a corporation could be [] to , say , build a new hospital , or pay for a motorway , school , nursery , or library .

Paula always held open-house cocktail parties on Tuesdays and Fridays , and if you were a friend , no invitations were required .
paula always held open-house cocktail parties on tuesdays and fridays , and if you were a friend , no invitations were [] .

The first thing to remember is that you have not necessarily lost your place even if you have n't quite made the grades required .
the first thing to remember is that you have not necessarily lost your place even if you have n't quite made the grades [] .

Throughout the house there is monogrammed kitchen linen , table-cloths , bathroom towels , sheets , pillowcases and all the usual items required in any house .
throughout the house there is monogrammed kitchen linen , table-cloths , bathroom towels , sheets , pillowcases and all the usual items [] in any house .

Said Peter Smith , general secretary of the Assistant Masters and Mistresses Association :  There will be a haemorrhage of highly qualified teachers who just ca n't stand the conditions under which they 're required to work . 
said peter smith , general secretary of the assistant masters and mistresses association :  there will be a haemorrhage of highly qualified teachers who just ca n't stand the conditions under which they 're [] to work . 

The book is very much a general introduction , aimed at providing nurses of all specialties with the essential practical background information required to negotiate a successful return to practice .
the book is very much a general introduction , aimed at providing nurses of all specialties with the essential practical background information [] to negotiate a successful return to practice .

This book should assist this process and help practitioners focus on what personal qualities and skills they bring and not just those areas in which help and information may be required .
this book should assist this process and help practitioners focus on what personal qualities and skills they bring and not just those areas in which help and information may be [] .

In choosing to nurse , you therefore must take on board the ethics required of your chosen profession .
in choosing to nurse , you therefore must take on board the ethics [] of your chosen profession .

The code goes on to outline what is required of a registered practitioner in the exercise of  professional accountability  .
the code goes on to outline what is [] of a registered practitioner in the exercise of  professional accountability  .

If you are put in the position of having to commit yourself to one employer , establish well in advance of accepting a job or secondment offer exactly what will be required of you in terms of subsequent employment .
if you are put in the position of having to commit yourself to one employer , establish well in advance of accepting a job or secondment offer exactly what will be [] of you in terms of subsequent employment .

You may not realise until you are asked that you do not have the skills required .
you may not realise until you are asked that you do not have the skills [] .

Under the Child Minders Regulations Act of 1948 a person caring for reward for one or more children under five years of age to whom they are not related is required to be registered with the local authority .
under the child minders regulations act of 1948 a person caring for reward for one or more children under five years of age to whom they are not related is [] to be registered with the local authority .

 following a break in practice from a post requiring a nursing or health visiting qualification of three ( since modified to five ) years or more , a re-entry programme will be required in order for a person to return to practice  .
 following a break in practice from a post requiring a nursing or health visiting qualification of three ( since modified to five ) years or more , a re-entry programme will be [] in order for a person to return to practice  .

So even though you may have paid what you thought was a once and for all registration fee on qualifying prior to 1983 , if you wish to remain eligible to practise you are now required to update your registration status with the Council if you have not already done so .
so even though you may have paid what you thought was a once and for all registration fee on qualifying prior to 1983 , if you wish to remain eligible to practise you are now [] to update your registration status with the council if you have not already done so .

It seems logical that the minimum required of any returning nurse or health visitor should be that of any other registered practitioner .
it seems logical that the minimum [] of any returning nurse or health visitor should be that of any other registered practitioner .

Nurse banks originated in hospitals which required a pool of available trained staff from which to draw in times of staff shortage .
nurse banks originated in hospitals which [] a pool of available trained staff from which to draw in times of staff shortage .

Wherever possible nurse teachers will be required to be graduates .
wherever possible nurse teachers will be [] to be graduates .

It can take a great deal of courage and confidence to challenge colleagues in this way , but as you will see by studying the Code itself , the definition and standards of conduct required are clear and unequivocal , even if putting them into practice is not always as easy as it is made to sound .
it can take a great deal of courage and confidence to challenge colleagues in this way , but as you will see by studying the code itself , the definition and standards of conduct [] are clear and unequivocal , even if putting them into practice is not always as easy as it is made to sound .

While most of us would acknowledge that some level of stress is required to enable us to function and to be sufficiently motivated , the effects of continued high levels of stress have been shown to have a damaging effect on the ability to maintain our personal sense of purpose , usefulness and well-being .
while most of us would acknowledge that some level of stress is [] to enable us to function and to be sufficiently motivated , the effects of continued high levels of stress have been shown to have a damaging effect on the ability to maintain our personal sense of purpose , usefulness and well-being .

The skills required for proficient reading take time to acquire .
the skills [] for proficient reading take time to acquire .

There is , as yet , no system in operation which allows your competence to be assessed to a national standard , and it will be left to the discretion of your service manager , and course tutors if you have undertaken a back to nursing course , to decide whether you are ready to return , or what additional guidance or preparation you may need to bring you up to the required standard .
there is , as yet , no system in operation which allows your competence to be assessed to a national standard , and it will be left to the discretion of your service manager , and course tutors if you have undertaken a back to nursing course , to decide whether you are ready to return , or what additional guidance or preparation you may need to bring you up to the [] standard .

First level nurses are expected to  acquire the competencies required to  :
first level nurses are expected to  acquire the competencies [] to  :

Review the effectiveness of the nursing care provided and where appropriate , initiate any action which may be required .
review the effectiveness of the nursing care provided and where appropriate , initiate any action which may be [] .

Second level nurses are expected to  acquire the competencies required to  :
second level nurses are expected to  acquire the competencies [] to  :

Skills required for safe drug administration and management .
skills [] for safe drug administration and management .

Can also organise courses on local natural history if required .
can also organise courses on local natural history if [] .

If help is required you will probably be asked , although there is nothing wrong with offering your assistance .
if help is [] you will probably be asked , although there is nothing wrong with offering your assistance .

The required list of words , or lexicon , can be acquired from a standard dictionary in machine readable form .
the [] list of words , or lexicon , can be acquired from a standard dictionary in machine readable form .

For spoken language phonological information is required to understand how individual speech sounds ( phonemes ) combine and affect each other within words and across word boundaries .
for spoken language phonological information is [] to understand how individual speech sounds ( phonemes ) combine and affect each other within words and across word boundaries .

Most of this required data is found in a dictionary , and over the past few years more paper dictionaries have become available in machine-readable form .
most of this [] data is found in a dictionary , and over the past few years more paper dictionaries have become available in machine-readable form .

Additional information may be required to provide such solutions , and data structures for the effective storage and retrieval of this information are investigated .
additional information may be [] to provide such solutions , and data structures for the effective storage and retrieval of this information are investigated .

In fact due to the nature of recursion the backwards pointers are not required .
in fact due to the nature of recursion the backwards pointers are not [] .

dictionary entry length equals required gram length ) .
dictionary entry length equals [] gram length ) .

If they are not equal , either the left sub-tree is searched , or the right is searched , depending upon whether the required string precedes the root word in the alphabet , or follows it .
if they are not equal , either the left sub-tree is searched , or the right is searched , depending upon whether the [] string precedes the root word in the alphabet , or follows it .

This process continues until the required string is found in the tree , or until a leaf node is reached , which means that the required string does not exist in the tree .
this process continues until the [] string is found in the tree , or until a leaf node is reached , which means that the [] string does not exist in the tree .

It is important to keep the amount of memory required by any structure to a minimum .
it is important to keep the amount of memory [] by any structure to a minimum .

When the required path does not exist , new nodes are allocated to build it .
when the [] path does not exist , new nodes are allocated to build it .

To add a new word into the dawg , the current structure would need to be searched both forwards and backwards to establish whether or not the required paths exist , which would slow down the building algorithm ( see section 3.3.3 ) .
to add a new word into the dawg , the current structure would need to be searched both forwards and backwards to establish whether or not the [] paths exist , which would slow down the building algorithm ( see section 3.3.3 ) .

This means that if at any stage the required pointer to the next letter does not exist , the search is unsuccessful .
this means that if at any stage the [] pointer to the next letter does not exist , the search is unsuccessful .

If at any point the required pointer in the tree is null , then that candidate string and all candidate strings beginning with those letters can not be allowable , because no words in the tree begin with that sequence of letters .
if at any point the [] pointer in the tree is null , then that candidate string and all candidate strings beginning with those letters can not be allowable , because no words in the tree begin with that sequence of letters .

When searching for a particular string , it is immediately apparent at any node , whether the required route from that node exists or not by checking the relevant bit of the 26 flags .
when searching for a particular string , it is immediately apparent at any node , whether the [] route from that node exists or not by checking the relevant bit of the 26 flags .

If and only if it does , that route is followed , which means counting how many of the 26 bits are set up to and including the required one , to establish which member of the pointer array to follow to the next level in the tree .
if and only if it does , that route is followed , which means counting how many of the 26 bits are set up to and including the [] one , to establish which member of the pointer array to follow to the next level in the tree .

This method was in fact implemented to establish its characteristics and for comparison with other methods , by building the tree as usual , and then pruning the branches to give the required structure as in figure 3.10 .
this method was in fact implemented to establish its characteristics and for comparison with other methods , by building the tree as usual , and then pruning the branches to give the [] structure as in figure 3.10 .

Consequently the amount of memory required for a dawg will also vary .
consequently the amount of memory [] for a dawg will also vary .

Firstly the lexicon is pre-processed by using an array to hold the tree nodes , so that the memory required is allocated in one contiguous amount , rather than dynamically allocating each node .
firstly the lexicon is pre-processed by using an array to hold the tree nodes , so that the memory [] is allocated in one contiguous amount , rather than dynamically allocating each node .

For example , if there is no allowable string which spans the whole graph , then we can search in the same way as described above , but wherever the required path does not exist in the tree , check if that position in the tree is flagged for end-of-word .
for example , if there is no allowable string which spans the whole graph , then we can search in the same way as described above , but wherever the [] path does not exist in the tree , check if that position in the tree is flagged for end-of-word .

Depending upon the particular system required , a balance must be found between the main variables of speed of searching and amount of memory used , especially for a larger vocabulary ( approximately 60,000 to 70,000 words ) .
depending upon the particular system [] , a balance must be found between the main variables of speed of searching and amount of memory used , especially for a larger vocabulary ( approximately 60,000 to 70,000 words ) .

An alternative coding for shape that will give better results is required .
an alternative coding for shape that will give better results is [] .

The required information is at present stored in the trie ( section 4.5.1.2 ) .
the [] information is at present stored in the trie ( section 4.5.1.2 ) .

If the length being searched for is 10 or more letters , a further test checks for a 1 match with the required length .
if the length being searched for is 10 or more letters , a further test checks for a 1 match with the [] length .

When searching a chained hash table , the appropriate chain must be traversed to locate the required element .
when searching a chained hash table , the appropriate chain must be traversed to locate the [] element .

Any training should be user-friendly to a nave user  a doctor or warehouse clerk does not want to be concerned with the segmentation required for handwriting recognition .
any training should be user-friendly to a nave user  a doctor or warehouse clerk does not want to be concerned with the segmentation [] for handwriting recognition .

Young Ferguson 's determined attitude will be required in full today as United attempt a recovery exercise following defeats by Sheffield United and Everton .
young ferguson 's determined attitude will be [] in full today as united attempt a recovery exercise following defeats by sheffield united and everton .

Despite John Smith 's firm establishment as an authoritative and credible alternative Prime Minister , Labour are fooling themselves if they think a change of leader is all that was required to bring about a change of government .
despite john smith 's firm establishment as an authoritative and credible alternative prime minister , labour are fooling themselves if they think a change of leader is all that was [] to bring about a change of government .

Charges of failing to produce or not having required documents were dropped by magistrates in Camberwell Green .
charges of failing to produce or not having [] documents were dropped by magistrates in camberwell green .

Degradation of the waterfalls in the Vale of Neath area of the Brecon Beacons has reached such a critical level that urgent and radical action is required , according to a new national park study .
degradation of the waterfalls in the vale of neath area of the brecon beacons has reached such a critical level that urgent and radical action is [] , according to a new national park study .

Paul 's verdict : These trousers were comfortable to wear and did the required job effectively .
paul 's verdict : these trousers were comfortable to wear and did the [] job effectively .

Until now , red tape required an inquest if a doctor thought smoking had contributed to death .
until now , red tape [] an inquest if a doctor thought smoking had contributed to death .

Readers who saw the game on television will recall that Brooke did exactly as the law required and so the try was legal .
readers who saw the game on television will recall that brooke did exactly as the law [] and so the try was legal .

The Princess reacted frostily last night :  It would be unwise of Mr Pound to underestimate the skill required to make a horse do anything . 
the princess reacted frostily last night :  it would be unwise of mr pound to underestimate the skill [] to make a horse do anything . 

This year is the first time schools have been required by law to publish their exam results so they can be compared with their neighbours .
this year is the first time schools have been [] by law to publish their exam results so they can be compared with their neighbours .

It was required reading for the Royals in Balmoral this weekend .
it was [] reading for the royals in balmoral this weekend .

To join you had to say you believed in all the usual stuff about the Working Class leading the Revolution , but a general interest in being nice to people was all that was really required .
to join you had to say you believed in all the usual stuff about the working class leading the revolution , but a general interest in being nice to people was all that was really [] .

The required approach , rather like Walsh himself , was short , rude and snappy .
the [] approach , rather like walsh himself , was short , rude and snappy .

The Founders put up the required 5,000 .
the founders put up the [] 5,000 .

He was a pro-feminist  new man  , and therefore saw himself as required to do his fair share of the housework and of looking after his young daughter at home in Shepherd 's Bush .
he was a pro-feminist  new man  , and therefore saw himself as [] to do his fair share of the housework and of looking after his young daughter at home in shepherd 's bush .

An extraordinary advertisement simply headed  Journalists   giving scant information on what jobs were on offer and what qualifications were required for them  was placed in the Guardian and black papers such as the Voice .
an extraordinary advertisement simply headed  journalists   giving scant information on what jobs were on offer and what qualifications were [] for them  was placed in the guardian and black papers such as the voice .

For instance , if a reorganisation or modernisation of the current site is carried out this may result in the space savings required .
for instance , if a reorganisation or modernisation of the current site is carried out this may result in the space savings [] .

Professional advice on funding the move is likely to be required .
professional advice on funding the move is likely to be [] .

It is important to strike a balance so that the employees required by the company in the new area actually do choose to relocate and those which can be replaced easily stay behind .
it is important to strike a balance so that the employees [] by the company in the new area actually do choose to relocate and those which can be replaced easily stay behind .

The high cost of housing in the north London area was proving a barrier to the recruitment of people with the rare technical skills it required .
the high cost of housing in the north london area was proving a barrier to the recruitment of people with the rare technical skills it [] .

The types of contracts being marketed had changed too and required faster administration .
the types of contracts being marketed had changed too and [] faster administration .

if relocation takes place during a school term , the company will reimburse day school fees for the remainder of that term or for such periods as required by the school for pupil removal .
if relocation takes place during a school term , the company will reimburse day school fees for the remainder of that term or for such periods as [] by the school for pupil removal .

Employees required by the company to move house to a part of the country where housing is more expensive will qualify for the mortgage allowance scheme .
employees [] by the company to move house to a part of the country where housing is more expensive will qualify for the mortgage allowance scheme .

If an employee is required to work at a new location and the distance between the old and new places of work is short enough to make commuting possible , organisations may not require employees to move their homes .
if an employee is [] to work at a new location and the distance between the old and new places of work is short enough to make commuting possible , organisations may not require employees to move their homes .

Employers are entitled to require their employees to move to different premises if there is an express term in the contract which specifies where they may be required to work .
employers are entitled to require their employees to move to different premises if there is an express term in the contract which specifies where they may be [] to work .

The National Industrial Relations Court held that Mr Claydon was not , in fact , redundant as , under the terms of his contract , he could be required to work at any of the Authority 's establishments .
the national industrial relations court held that mr claydon was not , in fact , redundant as , under the terms of his contract , he could be [] to work at any of the authority 's establishments .

In Stevenson v. Tees-side Bridge and Engineering Ltd the Court also found an implied term in the employee 's contract to the effect that he could be required to work where directed .
in stevenson v. tees-side bridge and engineering ltd the court also found an implied term in the employee 's contract to the effect that he could be [] to work where directed .

The Court held that under his contract of employment the employer was entitled to send Mr Stevenson to any of its sites as required .
the court held that under his contract of employment the employer was entitled to send mr stevenson to any of its sites as [] .

( Under s. 99 of the Employment Protection Act 1975 employers are required to consult with recognised , independent trade unions over proposed redundancies . )
( under s. 99 of the employment protection act 1975 employers are [] to consult with recognised , independent trade unions over proposed redundancies . )

The place where a person is employed has been held to mean the place the employee may be required , under the contract of employment , to work .
the place where a person is employed has been held to mean the place the employee may be [] , under the contract of employment , to work .

In determining whether the offer of alternative work is suitable , the tribunal takes into account factors such as status , skills required , pay , hours of work and whether it involves additional travelling time and/or expense or perhaps a need to move house .
in determining whether the offer of alternative work is suitable , the tribunal takes into account factors such as status , skills [] , pay , hours of work and whether it involves additional travelling time and/or expense or perhaps a need to move house .

There should be a statement concerning the degree to which mobility is required in practice , and the way in which the mobility requirement is to be operated in relation to the needs of the staff and the needs of the business .
there should be a statement concerning the degree to which mobility is [] in practice , and the way in which the mobility requirement is to be operated in relation to the needs of the staff and the needs of the business .

This statement should be issued with an application form to all applicants of both sexes in order that the same information is available to all potential candidates for jobs where mobility is required , or may be required on completion of training .
this statement should be issued with an application form to all applicants of both sexes in order that the same information is available to all potential candidates for jobs where mobility is [] , or may be [] on completion of training .

It must also determine the length of time for which the post is required .
it must also determine the length of time for which the post is [] .

Information on how business is conducted will be required and candidates also need to know details of the compensation and benefits package attached to the posting .
information on how business is conducted will be [] and candidates also need to know details of the compensation and benefits package attached to the posting .

Briefing sessions should inform expatriates of any inoculations required before departure ; some countries demand up-to-date vaccination certificates against particular diseases before admission is allowed .
briefing sessions should inform expatriates of any inoculations [] before departure ; some countries demand up-to-date vaccination certificates against particular diseases before admission is allowed .

In many parts of the world , inoculations are advisable even if they are not required for entry .
in many parts of the world , inoculations are advisable even if they are not [] for entry .

Expatriates need details of the cost of treatment and whether medical insurance is required .
expatriates need details of the cost of treatment and whether medical insurance is [] .

are required .
are [] .

It is therefore advisable for the expatriate to give advance notice to the school of when places are required .
it is therefore advisable for the expatriate to give advance notice to the school of when places are [] .

The Charters agreed by the Allied Powers which set up the International Military Tribunals at Nuremberg and Tokyo and the judgments of those Tribunals made it clear that everyone , from the lowest private soldier to the highest general and statesman is required to comply with the humanitarian spirit and the generally accepted principles of the laws of war .
the charters agreed by the allied powers which set up the international military tribunals at nuremberg and tokyo and the judgments of those tribunals made it clear that everyone , from the lowest private soldier to the highest general and statesman is [] to comply with the humanitarian spirit and the generally accepted principles of the laws of war .

those which employ a method or means of combat the effects of which can not be limited as required by this Protocol ; and consequently , in each such case , are of a nature to strike military objectives and civilians or civilian objects without distinction .
those which employ a method or means of combat the effects of which can not be limited as [] by this protocol ; and consequently , in each such case , are of a nature to strike military objectives and civilians or civilian objects without distinction .

Without entering into the fine detail of what is required for a system of institutional international law it is clear that merely historically-established conventions followed according to the discretion of the participants in international relationships between states is insufficient to constitute law and is better regarded as a form of anarchy .
without entering into the fine detail of what is [] for a system of institutional international law it is clear that merely historically-established conventions followed according to the discretion of the participants in international relationships between states is insufficient to constitute law and is better regarded as a form of anarchy .

Further the ethical positivist will reject the move towards giving the organs of international law teeth of a physical sort to any significant degree , on the grounds that this undermines the ethical authority of the system and in present circumstances renders impossible the move towards the developments required in international law if it is to act as an acceptable method of dispute resolution .
further the ethical positivist will reject the move towards giving the organs of international law teeth of a physical sort to any significant degree , on the grounds that this undermines the ethical authority of the system and in present circumstances renders impossible the move towards the developments [] in international law if it is to act as an acceptable method of dispute resolution .

Only such a theory can generate rules which can be accepted as having the sort of ethical authority that is required for international law to be taken seriously as the ultimate arbiter of international relations .
only such a theory can generate rules which can be accepted as having the sort of ethical authority that is [] for international law to be taken seriously as the ultimate arbiter of international relations .

The role which it envisages for the state is limited to that of providing the minimum framework necessary for the regulation of competing private interests , while the gesellschaft model of law is conceived in terms of formally defining the equivalent individual rights that are required to make the market work .
the role which it envisages for the state is limited to that of providing the minimum framework necessary for the regulation of competing private interests , while the gesellschaft model of law is conceived in terms of formally defining the equivalent individual rights that are [] to make the market work .

For , just as the individual has the moral right not to kill in violation of his own moral principles , a right recognised by law in this country since 1916 , so also it can be argued that he has the right not to be required to contribute through his taxes towards the maintenance of a professional army equipped with weapons of mass destruction to kill on his behalf .
for , just as the individual has the moral right not to kill in violation of his own moral principles , a right recognised by law in this country since 1916 , so also it can be argued that he has the right not to be [] to contribute through his taxes towards the maintenance of a professional army equipped with weapons of mass destruction to kill on his behalf .

Only if some people ,  because of their special circumstances  because they are crippled or lack talents prized in the market , or for some such reason  end up below the minimum standard of living required to lead a decent , self-fulfilling life at all  ( Dworkin , 1978a , pp .
only if some people ,  because of their special circumstances  because they are crippled or lack talents prized in the market , or for some such reason  end up below the minimum standard of living [] to lead a decent , self-fulfilling life at all  ( dworkin , 1978a , pp .

Regulatory agencies in America have been required , as a result , not just to involve others in the decision-making process but to take a  hard look  at all the relevant issues and alternatives , including abandoning a project , to give reasons for decisions and to make continuous disclosure of the facts and assumptions which it relies on in promulgating a rule .
regulatory agencies in america have been [] , as a result , not just to involve others in the decision-making process but to take a  hard look  at all the relevant issues and alternatives , including abandoning a project , to give reasons for decisions and to make continuous disclosure of the facts and assumptions which it relies on in promulgating a rule .

They were only one of many small groups Nguyen Seth took an interest in , but Duroc knew the Elder saw Paris as an important flashpoint in the coming deluge and so they required more personal attention than similar factions in Johannesburg , Puerto Belgrano , Teheran , Shanghai , Mexico City , Malmo , Berlin , Belfast , Genoa or Birmingham .
they were only one of many small groups nguyen seth took an interest in , but duroc knew the elder saw paris as an important flashpoint in the coming deluge and so they [] more personal attention than similar factions in johannesburg , puerto belgrano , teheran , shanghai , mexico city , malmo , berlin , belfast , genoa or birmingham .

Nonetheless , certain things are always required in an adequate understanding of conversion , and it is in ignoring these that we leave openings for later doubts .
nonetheless , certain things are always [] in an adequate understanding of conversion , and it is in ignoring these that we leave openings for later doubts .

In Christianity it is not only assumed , it is required .
in christianity it is not only assumed , it is [] .

Once the polls close , it is the returning officer 's duty to supervise the count , declare the result and , ultimately , make the required return of the result to the writ .
once the polls close , it is the returning officer 's duty to supervise the count , declare the result and , ultimately , make the [] return of the result to the writ .

In Northern Ireland , in order to prevent hordes crossing the border in order to reside on the qualifying date , three month 's prior residence in the constituency is required ( 1983 Act , s.1 ( 2 ) ) .
in northern ireland , in order to prevent hordes crossing the border in order to reside on the qualifying date , three month 's prior residence in the constituency is [] ( 1983 act , s.1 ( 2 ) ) .

What is required is  residence  and mere presence clearly will not suffice .
what is [] is  residence  and mere presence clearly will not suffice .

For many decades , a deposit of 150 was required and even the 500 now suggested will not necessarily deter the strip club owner or pop star who is otherwise lacking in publicity and for whom the outlay of such a sum may well be worthwhile .
for many decades , a deposit of 150 was [] and even the 500 now suggested will not necessarily deter the strip club owner or pop star who is otherwise lacking in publicity and for whom the outlay of such a sum may well be worthwhile .

They are , instead , handled by a different committee of the House whose main function is to secure the public interest by ensuring that the facts are as alleged and that all the appropriate procedures for promotion of the Bill , such as giving notice for objectors , as required by Standing Orders , have been gone through .
they are , instead , handled by a different committee of the house whose main function is to secure the public interest by ensuring that the facts are as alleged and that all the appropriate procedures for promotion of the bill , such as giving notice for objectors , as [] by standing orders , have been gone through .

This would , in 1909 , have required a compliant House of Lords .
this would , in 1909 , have [] a compliant house of lords .

The position of the subject here is quite simply that he is free to do anything that is not prohibited by law but that , by reason of the doctrine of the sovereignty of Parliament , anything can be prohibited or required .
the position of the subject here is quite simply that he is free to do anything that is not prohibited by law but that , by reason of the doctrine of the sovereignty of parliament , anything can be prohibited or [] .

Article 15 , in particular allows a state party to the Convention to take measures derogating from some of its obligations under the Convention  In time of war or other public emergency threatening the life of the nation  to the extent strictly required by the exigencies of the situation , whilst many of the individual articles establishing particular rights allow to a state a measure of liberty of action in order to secure the public interest .
article 15 , in particular allows a state party to the convention to take measures derogating from some of its obligations under the convention  in time of war or other public emergency threatening the life of the nation  to the extent strictly [] by the exigencies of the situation , whilst many of the individual articles establishing particular rights allow to a state a measure of liberty of action in order to secure the public interest .

It is , however , a measure of the extent to which ideas have changed that the most important and influential officers of all , Ministers of the Crown , are permitted , indeed almost required , to have seats in Parliament .
it is , however , a measure of the extent to which ideas have changed that the most important and influential officers of all , ministers of the crown , are permitted , indeed almost [] , to have seats in parliament .

The final horror of this was yet to come  because Grace McNeil was not entitled to legal aid , she was required to pay over 10,000 court costs !
the final horror of this was yet to come  because grace mcneil was not entitled to legal aid , she was [] to pay over 10,000 court costs !

He had surmounted his handicap by developing a method of locomotion , when haste was required , of progressing by prodigious leaps at astonishing speeds , using the crutches in a pole-vault manner .
he had surmounted his handicap by developing a method of locomotion , when haste was [] , of progressing by prodigious leaps at astonishing speeds , using the crutches in a pole-vault manner .

They may , for instance , be capable of rising magnificently to the occasion when a neighbour 's sick , deprived , or even delinquent child needs help , or they may be wonderful wives , husbands or parents and do much useful voluntary work in the community , and yet lack the particular type of emotional muscle required to support old people .
they may , for instance , be capable of rising magnificently to the occasion when a neighbour 's sick , deprived , or even delinquent child needs help , or they may be wonderful wives , husbands or parents and do much useful voluntary work in the community , and yet lack the particular type of emotional muscle [] to support old people .

The Home Help Supervisor will then call to see what type and amount of help is required , and assist them if necessary to complete the forms on which the assessment for payment will be made .
the home help supervisor will then call to see what type and amount of help is [] , and assist them if necessary to complete the forms on which the assessment for payment will be made .

The applicant must be a freeholder or have a lease with five years or more to run , and will be required to sign a form to say that she intends to live in that dwelling as her only or main place of residence for at least five years after the work has been completed .
the applicant must be a freeholder or have a lease with five years or more to run , and will be [] to sign a form to say that she intends to live in that dwelling as her only or main place of residence for at least five years after the work has been completed .

Central heating which provides safe , controllable background heat , plus a well guarded electric or gas fire which gives some form of instant extra heat when required is ideal if it can be afforded .
central heating which provides safe , controllable background heat , plus a well guarded electric or gas fire which gives some form of instant extra heat when [] is ideal if it can be afforded .

The elderly heart and spine should never be subjected to the tremendous effort required to move heavy furniture and equipment in order to clean under and behind them .
the elderly heart and spine should never be subjected to the tremendous effort [] to move heavy furniture and equipment in order to clean under and behind them .

Some old people living alone , who are very frail , are unable to expend all the energy required to take a bath or shower unattended every day , and if their standards of personal hygiene have always been good this can be a real worry to them .
some old people living alone , who are very frail , are unable to expend all the energy [] to take a bath or shower unattended every day , and if their standards of personal hygiene have always been good this can be a real worry to them .

Unfortunately , most elderly people have to suffer a considerable drop in their income after retirement , and careful planning and budgeting is required to maintain a reasonable standard of living .
unfortunately , most elderly people have to suffer a considerable drop in their income after retirement , and careful planning and budgeting is [] to maintain a reasonable standard of living .

If it is your mother-in-law who has come to live with you , even greater efforts will usually be required on both sides if there is to be peaceful co-existence , for this is always a challenging relationship ( there are not too many Ruths and Naomis around ) .
if it is your mother-in-law who has come to live with you , even greater efforts will usually be [] on both sides if there is to be peaceful co-existence , for this is always a challenging relationship ( there are not too many ruths and naomis around ) .

The simple method of inverting the bottles , as Dom Prignon had done in his sand-pit , although adequate for the small amounts required by individuals , soon proved to be less than perfect for large commercial quantities .
the simple method of inverting the bottles , as dom prignon had done in his sand-pit , although adequate for the small amounts [] by individuals , soon proved to be less than perfect for large commercial quantities .

Remuage in fact required a modification of the original shaking process developed by the widow , involving a fractional tilt of each bottle ( from horizontal to perpendicular ) following every short , sharp twist to loosen the sediment .
remuage in fact [] a modification of the original shaking process developed by the widow , involving a fractional tilt of each bottle ( from horizontal to perpendicular ) following every short , sharp twist to loosen the sediment .

There was some dissent in the Aube , but not a great deal , for there was little chance of enforcing the law and the Aubois were content with continuing their business of supplying those houses in the Marne which covertly required their wines .
there was some dissent in the aube , but not a great deal , for there was little chance of enforcing the law and the aubois were content with continuing their business of supplying those houses in the marne which covertly [] their wines .

The last thing Champagne required was a plentiful harvest , but that was precisely what it got with the bumper crop of 1934 .
the last thing champagne [] was a plentiful harvest , but that was precisely what it got with the bumper crop of 1934 .

Together de Vog and Doyard indicated that the Bureau intended by the Vichy government to replace the Commission would be no better and what was required , if the Germans wanted their orders carried out quickly and efficiently , was a body with real powers .
together de vog and doyard indicated that the bureau intended by the vichy government to replace the commission would be no better and what was [] , if the germans wanted their orders carried out quickly and efficiently , was a body with real powers .

While lesser villages grabbed a few per cent here and there , le Mesnil-sur-Oger was denied that one vital per cent required for full grand cru status .
while lesser villages grabbed a few per cent here and there , le mesnil-sur-oger was denied that one vital per cent [] for full grand cru status .

This provides the reason why it was once extensively cultivated in the Aube , where its more southerly location and lack of limestone subsoil sometimes renders wines lacking the desirably high degree of acidity required for classic Champagnes .
this provides the reason why it was once extensively cultivated in the aube , where its more southerly location and lack of limestone subsoil sometimes renders wines lacking the desirably high degree of acidity [] for classic champagnes .

The harder the pruning the stronger the response , therefore the more growth required in one direction the more severe the pruning of that part of the vine should be .
the harder the pruning the stronger the response , therefore the more growth [] in one direction the more severe the pruning of that part of the vine should be .

At the same time a third branch ( a ) is allowed to develop but cut back until required .
at the same time a third branch ( a ) is allowed to develop but cut back until [] .

4 ( a ) has been brought out in readiness but cut back until required .
4 ( a ) has been brought out in readiness but cut back until [] .

In between each pressing required to extract the cuve ( or the first 2,050 litres ) an operation called retroussage , meaning  to turn up  or  to tuck up  , is carried out .
in between each pressing [] to extract the cuve ( or the first 2,050 litres ) an operation called retroussage , meaning  to turn up  or  to tuck up  , is carried out .

Turning to Egor he requests more body parts and , to accentuate the urgency required , he physically hurls our hunchbacked hero from the top of his castle into the graveyard below where the game begins .
turning to egor he requests more body parts and , to accentuate the urgency [] , he physically hurls our hunchbacked hero from the top of his castle into the graveyard below where the game begins .

Perhaps she 'd not be required to answer .
perhaps she 'd not be [] to answer .

The Strongbeam Water Low bracket and pulley makes it simplicity itself to lower and raise the basket as required .
the strongbeam water low bracket and pulley makes it simplicity itself to lower and raise the basket as [] .

 You 're aware that a month 's notice is required .
 you 're aware that a month 's notice is [] .

Before long , he would be required to produce more than just carefully worded facts about the murder that everyone knew already from the grapevine .
before long , he would be [] to produce more than just carefully worded facts about the murder that everyone knew already from the grapevine .

Bold plans consistent with God 's plans are required and they should be drawn up without delay .
bold plans consistent with god 's plans are [] and they should be drawn up without delay .

 He 'll be required to do it . 
 he 'll be [] to do it . 

As a delinquent nine-year-old at his prep school , he had once been required by the headmaster to write out in his best handwriting the whole of the third chapter of Ecclesiastes , old Gumboil , economical in this as in all matters , believing that writing lines should combine punishment with literary and religious education .
as a delinquent nine-year-old at his prep school , he had once been [] by the headmaster to write out in his best handwriting the whole of the third chapter of ecclesiastes , old gumboil , economical in this as in all matters , believing that writing lines should combine punishment with literary and religious education .

To achieve these general goals the law would need to be changed , but that would patently be insufficient to foster the great shift in behaviour of users which would be required .
to achieve these general goals the law would need to be changed , but that would patently be insufficient to foster the great shift in behaviour of users which would be [] .

From a review of child and car stopping distances under various assumptions , they conclude that for a car travelling at only 16 km/h about 30m sight distance would be required , but that this is much greater than that normally feasible in existing shared space areas .
from a review of child and car stopping distances under various assumptions , they conclude that for a car travelling at only 16 km/h about 30m sight distance would be [] , but that this is much greater than that normally feasible in existing shared space areas .

If speeds of 32 km/h were assumed for the car , then 56m sight distances would be required .
if speeds of 32 km/h were assumed for the car , then 56m sight distances would be [] .

The next morning Nathan and Georgia were required , as executors of the will , to meet with Dad 's lawyer .
the next morning nathan and georgia were [] , as executors of the will , to meet with dad 's lawyer .

In case there is a child who is pining for a parent , choose a spare adult who will , if required , give special attention to a needy child .
in case there is a child who is pining for a parent , choose a spare adult who will , if [] , give special attention to a needy child .

Wrap in cling film and chill until required .
wrap in cling film and chill until [] .

The players with the required letters then form a line to make up the word as fast as they can , and the team which does it the quickest gets a point .
the players with the [] letters then form a line to make up the word as fast as they can , and the team which does it the quickest gets a point .

Against Kent he opened with Jack Hobbs , and the pair knocked off the 96 required to win in 32 minutes .
against kent he opened with jack hobbs , and the pair knocked off the 96 [] to win in 32 minutes .

But methods of developing non-turf pitches that would be universally more acceptable were required , the basic premise being that the best surface on which to play the great game was , and always will be , well-maintained and -prepared natural turf .
but methods of developing non-turf pitches that would be universally more acceptable were [] , the basic premise being that the best surface on which to play the great game was , and always will be , well-maintained and -prepared natural turf .

Unfortunately , as is well known , a simple design leaves all elements within it exposed so the simpler the concept , the better the execution required to pull it off successfully .
unfortunately , as is well known , a simple design leaves all elements within it exposed so the simpler the concept , the better the execution [] to pull it off successfully .

Once can , if required , return later , having taken in an overall view .
once can , if [] , return later , having taken in an overall view .

All you have to do is to ensure that you have sufficient work of the agreed type and standard and that it is framed and presented as required .
all you have to do is to ensure that you have sufficient work of the agreed type and standard and that it is framed and presented as [] .

Do we have adequate means of obtaining reliable information about the performance of pupils in schools and , if not , what further measures are required ?
do we have adequate means of obtaining reliable information about the performance of pupils in schools and , if not , what further measures are [] ?

There had been a decade of consultation and as recently as 1986 an Education Act had required local authorities to devise policy documentation in relation to the curriculum and its delivery .
there had been a decade of consultation and as recently as 1986 an education act had [] local authorities to devise policy documentation in relation to the curriculum and its delivery .

The legislation reflected a judgement that local authorities could not deliver what the national interest required .
the legislation reflected a judgement that local authorities could not deliver what the national interest [] .

Munn advocated a core plus options curriculum pattern , which required pupils to undertake work in each of eight  modes of activity  as follows :
munn advocated a core plus options curriculum pattern , which [] pupils to undertake work in each of eight  modes of activity  as follows :

If required , legislation will be invoked to give effect to the changes .
if [] , legislation will be invoked to give effect to the changes .

Poor teaching quality , it is implied , results from an absence of the required competences and qualities .
poor teaching quality , it is implied , results from an absence of the [] competences and qualities .

The careful thinking , the logic and the process of the thinking which are necessary for research , he suggests , have similarities with the work required for good practice ; and research itself should be seen , not just as a product but also a process .
the careful thinking , the logic and the process of the thinking which are necessary for research , he suggests , have similarities with the work [] for good practice ; and research itself should be seen , not just as a product but also a process .

It was certainly much wider than the definition required by the local authority for an official notification of a violent incident or by the police for pressing charges of actual bodily harm .
it was certainly much wider than the definition [] by the local authority for an official notification of a violent incident or by the police for pressing charges of actual bodily harm .

He concedes that the object-oriented paradigm needs to deal with both large objects ( applications ) and small objects ( down to characters or numbers within files ) , but argues that in the Cobol business context , a fine level of granularity is often not required .
he concedes that the object-oriented paradigm needs to deal with both large objects ( applications ) and small objects ( down to characters or numbers within files ) , but argues that in the cobol business context , a fine level of granularity is often not [] .

In the business world , it is felt that this is the degree of flexibility that is required .
in the business world , it is felt that this is the degree of flexibility that is [] .

They are part of the Empire in name , and provide troops for the Imperial army when required .
they are part of the empire in name , and provide troops for the imperial army when [] .

Should a leadership value ever be required for comparative purposes then use the value as 10 .
should a leadership value ever be [] for comparative purposes then use the value as 10 .

The Empire has many well made cannon and the skills required to operate them .
the empire has many well made cannon and the skills [] to operate them .

Under the scheme , International Software purchases software for a particular company , negotiates and manages licence agreements with software vendors , then maintains , distributes , and installs the programs as required .
under the scheme , international software purchases software for a particular company , negotiates and manages licence agreements with software vendors , then maintains , distributes , and installs the programs as [] .

The war had required a high degree of economic planning , much of which was carried over into peacetime .
the war had [] a high degree of economic planning , much of which was carried over into peacetime .

From an initial position of advantage in immediate post-war Britain  when food was required almost at any cost  the agricultural interest succeeded in capturing the regulatory mechanism through the exercise of highly successful pressure-group politics .
from an initial position of advantage in immediate post-war britain  when food was [] almost at any cost  the agricultural interest succeeded in capturing the regulatory mechanism through the exercise of highly successful pressure-group politics .

The kind of entrepreneur required in a new and expanding industry is likely to be somewhat different from the one required to handle the contraction and reorganisation of an old staple industry .
the kind of entrepreneur [] in a new and expanding industry is likely to be somewhat different from the one [] to handle the contraction and reorganisation of an old staple industry .

Children on waiting lists should be reassessed to ensure that intervention is still required .
children on waiting lists should be reassessed to ensure that intervention is still [] .

Further analyses suggest that exposure to both factors is required for bed sharing to be associated with a raised risk of sudden infant death syndrome ( unpublished results ) .
further analyses suggest that exposure to both factors is [] for bed sharing to be associated with a raised risk of sudden infant death syndrome ( unpublished results ) .

The analysis required that any relative with Crohn 's disease in the ulcerative colitis group was considered to be normal and vice versa in the Crohn 's disease group .
the analysis [] that any relative with crohn 's disease in the ulcerative colitis group was considered to be normal and vice versa in the crohn 's disease group .

The inspector is required to consider all the points put to him on behalf of the person defending his reputation and to amend his report , if necessary , in the light of any acceptable argument .
the inspector is [] to consider all the points put to him on behalf of the person defending his reputation and to amend his report , if necessary , in the light of any acceptable argument .

Indeed , it is all too often the case that the investigator is required to put his interests second to those of the legal investigator of the cause of death .
indeed , it is all too often the case that the investigator is [] to put his interests second to those of the legal investigator of the cause of death .

It is a matter for serious consideration whether the legal authority should be required to do anything more than establish identity and ascertain that the person was in fact killed as the result of an aircraft accident rather than deliberate sabotage .
it is a matter for serious consideration whether the legal authority should be [] to do anything more than establish identity and ascertain that the person was in fact killed as the result of an aircraft accident rather than deliberate sabotage .

The aircraft , in their allocated categories , were required to have their climb performance before and after an engine failure demonstrated and measured .
the aircraft , in their allocated categories , were [] to have their climb performance before and after an engine failure demonstrated and measured .

All the normal operating procedures and the emergency operating procedures are written down in the flight manual of an aircraft , one copy of which is carried in the aircraft while another is always available ( to accident investigators , amongst others ) on the ground , and pilots are trained and required to operate their aircraft in conformity with these procedures .
all the normal operating procedures and the emergency operating procedures are written down in the flight manual of an aircraft , one copy of which is carried in the aircraft while another is always available ( to accident investigators , amongst others ) on the ground , and pilots are trained and [] to operate their aircraft in conformity with these procedures .

Consequently , in the absence of any flight recorders ( they are not required to be carried in smaller private aircraft ) the reconstruction of the flight path is that much more difficult .
consequently , in the absence of any flight recorders ( they are not [] to be carried in smaller private aircraft ) the reconstruction of the flight path is that much more difficult .

But it must be kept in mind that the investigator is required to find the cause of the accident ; that is , why it happened .
but it must be kept in mind that the investigator is [] to find the cause of the accident ; that is , why it happened .

He is not required to find out who was at fault , though it is possible that the explanation of why an accident occurred may point to errors or shortcomings on the part of particular individuals .
he is not [] to find out who was at fault , though it is possible that the explanation of why an accident occurred may point to errors or shortcomings on the part of particular individuals .

Security is necessary if the data on a computer has any value at all , but the level of security required can range from simply making backups , all the way to sophisticated access control , encryption , virus prevention and hacking control . But how do you know if a product works ? Do you take the vendor 's word for it ? And how do you choose the right point in the trade off between security and convenience ?
security is necessary if the data on a computer has any value at all , but the level of security [] can range from simply making backups , all the way to sophisticated access control , encryption , virus prevention and hacking control . but how do you know if a product works ? do you take the vendor 's word for it ? and how do you choose the right point in the trade off between security and convenience ?

An excellent command of the English language is required .
an excellent command of the english language is [] .

 You can learn to fly in 2 weeks to the required standard to obtain your British Private Pilots Licence .
 you can learn to fly in 2 weeks to the [] standard to obtain your british private pilots licence .

Our new 1990 fleet of award-winning Danish X-372's in their luxury version offering outstanding performance with the level of comfort required for a modern cruising holiday . Roller-reefing , wheel steering , electric windlass , cruising chute , pressurised hot and cold water , shore-power , refrigerator etc 
our new 1990 fleet of award-winning danish x-372's in their luxury version offering outstanding performance with the level of comfort [] for a modern cruising holiday . roller-reefing , wheel steering , electric windlass , cruising chute , pressurised hot and cold water , shore-power , refrigerator etc 

It is utilised in all industrial , commercial and domestic building sectors , where a more traditional concrete , clay or reconstituted slate roof finish is required  either by design , planning legislation or client request .
it is utilised in all industrial , commercial and domestic building sectors , where a more traditional concrete , clay or reconstituted slate roof finish is []  either by design , planning legislation or client request .

The design also allows for an additional deep aluminium box fascia to be fitted , if required , which completely conceals the gutter .
the design also allows for an additional deep aluminium box fascia to be fitted , if [] , which completely conceals the gutter .

 Continuous runs of protective panels where low touch temperature is required .
 continuous runs of protective panels where low touch temperature is [] .

Conservative pacing is required in the warm temperatures and relatively high humidity , although competitors are well catered for with ample sponge and water stations .
conservative pacing is [] in the warm temperatures and relatively high humidity , although competitors are well catered for with ample sponge and water stations .

The many changes required by legislation to contracts and the computer systems stretched the company 's administration capacity in 1988 and 1989 .
the many changes [] by legislation to contracts and the computer systems stretched the company 's administration capacity in 1988 and 1989 .

The flexibility of the engine and the very nature in which the power is delivered mean far fewer gear changes are required , making this machine eminently suitable for town driving .
the flexibility of the engine and the very nature in which the power is delivered mean far fewer gear changes are [] , making this machine eminently suitable for town driving .

The company called the public inquiry at Weeley , after Tendring District Council failed to give a decision on the plans in the required time limit .
the company called the public inquiry at weeley , after tendring district council failed to give a decision on the plans in the [] time limit .

The translation of the Old Testament from the original Hebrew , to which Tyndale returned , required the help of an English-speaking colleague to read the proofs .
the translation of the old testament from the original hebrew , to which tyndale returned , [] the help of an english-speaking colleague to read the proofs .

He sought to save the lives of More and Fisher by suggesting that they be required to subscribe only to an oath to respect the succession , and not to repudiate the authority of Rome .
he sought to save the lives of more and fisher by suggesting that they be [] to subscribe only to an oath to respect the succession , and not to repudiate the authority of rome .

He resigned from the Temple ; and to provide for the needs of his rapidly increasing family he was appointed as Rector of Boscom and prebendary of Salisbury , with the apparent understanding that he would continue to reside mainly in London , where he could find the books which he required for his great work , Of the Laws of Ecclesiastical Polity .
he resigned from the temple ; and to provide for the needs of his rapidly increasing family he was appointed as rector of boscom and prebendary of salisbury , with the apparent understanding that he would continue to reside mainly in london , where he could find the books which he [] for his great work , of the laws of ecclesiastical polity .

After giving instructions about his place of burial , he required them to go to his study and take out three great hampers of books and burn them ,  Inasmuch as all the comedies , tragedies , pastorals , etc .
after giving instructions about his place of burial , he [] them to go to his study and take out three great hampers of books and burn them ,  inasmuch as all the comedies , tragedies , pastorals , etc .

In May 1688 Ken was urgently summoned to London by Sancroft , the Archbishop of Canterbury , to consult with his fellow bishops in response to an Order in Council requiring them to instruct their clergy to read in Church a Declaration of Indulgence ; under this , Roman Catholics and Dissenters would no longer be required to subscribe to oaths under the Test Acts .
in may 1688 ken was urgently summoned to london by sancroft , the archbishop of canterbury , to consult with his fellow bishops in response to an order in council requiring them to instruct their clergy to read in church a declaration of indulgence ; under this , roman catholics and dissenters would no longer be [] to subscribe to oaths under the test acts .

These include not only chaotic disruption of thinking ( and perception ) upon which originality ultimately depends ; but also disturbances of mood , motor response , and volition that secondarily prevent the individual from organising his or her mental processes into the orderly sequence required for creative work .
these include not only chaotic disruption of thinking ( and perception ) upon which originality ultimately depends ; but also disturbances of mood , motor response , and volition that secondarily prevent the individual from organising his or her mental processes into the orderly sequence [] for creative work .

In other words , the test situation is open-ended  unlike the usual intelligence test , where the person is required to reach a single ( correct ) solution .
in other words , the test situation is open-ended  unlike the usual intelligence test , where the person is [] to reach a single ( correct ) solution .

Although naturally designed more to draw out signs of abnormality , they nevertheless demand similar mental operations , being open-ended procedures in which , for example , subjects are required to interpret proverbs or sort everyday objects in any way they prefer .
although naturally designed more to draw out signs of abnormality , they nevertheless demand similar mental operations , being open-ended procedures in which , for example , subjects are [] to interpret proverbs or sort everyday objects in any way they prefer .

Campus radio stations are among the only groups with the studio infrastructure required for broadcasting .
campus radio stations are among the only groups with the studio infrastructure [] for broadcasting .

And as an employer , manager or foreman , it needs your nod to allow someone like Karen to take time off to reach the high standards required .
and as an employer , manager or foreman , it needs your nod to allow someone like karen to take time off to reach the high standards [] .

In consequence , thematic maps can be produced when required , as well as a more advanced three dimensional depiction of geological structure .
in consequence , thematic maps can be produced when [] , as well as a more advanced three dimensional depiction of geological structure .

Little did they know that shortly after the conference their services would be required in the lounge of a local public house by a group of frustrated dykes and an infuriated publican .
little did they know that shortly after the conference their services would be [] in the lounge of a local public house by a group of frustrated dykes and an infuriated publican .

Until last November the council met 90 per cent of the 4,000 required by the band to rent rehearsal rooms in local schools , but now it has made savings in a bid to inject 10 million into problem areas , such as school meals and uniform grants .
until last november the council met 90 per cent of the 4,000 [] by the band to rent rehearsal rooms in local schools , but now it has made savings in a bid to inject 10 million into problem areas , such as school meals and uniform grants .

At the same time people will then be required to pay 80pc towards the cost of a course of dental treatment .
at the same time people will then be [] to pay 80pc towards the cost of a course of dental treatment .

More secure accommodation for the most persistent young offenders , both on remand and after conviction , is certainly required , not least to overcome such nonsense as the case of a teenager from Tyne and Wear having to be sent to a unit in Essex .
more secure accommodation for the most persistent young offenders , both on remand and after conviction , is certainly [] , not least to overcome such nonsense as the case of a teenager from tyne and wear having to be sent to a unit in essex .

 However play equipment and safety surfacing is required at several sites and fencing of the play areas is a rarity .
 however play equipment and safety surfacing is [] at several sites and fencing of the play areas is a rarity .

For women whose self-esteem has been largely derived from being the centre of the home , there are a set of problems and issues to be resolved when they are required to take their place at the side of the family stage .
for women whose self-esteem has been largely derived from being the centre of the home , there are a set of problems and issues to be resolved when they are [] to take their place at the side of the family stage .

It suggests the unmet need of so many women for support and help in redefining their role and purpose when the all-consuming daily tending of another is no longer required .
it suggests the unmet need of so many women for support and help in redefining their role and purpose when the all-consuming daily tending of another is no longer [] .

Whilst accepting the need not to impose more general duties on local authorities when there are severe resource constraints , it may be that some greater legal specificity is required .
whilst accepting the need not to impose more general duties on local authorities when there are severe resource constraints , it may be that some greater legal specificity is [] .

But even if that does not arise , it is unreasonable to expect care workers to accept without anxious questioning standards which fall far below those normally required .
but even if that does not arise , it is unreasonable to expect care workers to accept without anxious questioning standards which fall far below those normally [] .

Superficial references to team work gloss over the fact that most of those who are required to act cooperatively are not members of a team in the usual sense .
superficial references to team work gloss over the fact that most of those who are [] to act cooperatively are not members of a team in the usual sense .

Where services are provided on the basis of the principle of universality , such as national insurance retirement pensions , only enough assessment is required to confirm that a person falls within an impersonal category .
where services are provided on the basis of the principle of universality , such as national insurance retirement pensions , only enough assessment is [] to confirm that a person falls within an impersonal category .

But where provision is organised on the principle of selectivity , as in the health and personal welfare sectors , more complex assessment is required in order both to ration ( or target ) resources , and to link correctly an applicant to what is available .
but where provision is organised on the principle of selectivity , as in the health and personal welfare sectors , more complex assessment is [] in order both to ration ( or target ) resources , and to link correctly an applicant to what is available .

More formal funding agreements are also required with local authorities and health authorities .
more formal funding agreements are also [] with local authorities and health authorities .

The need for wood for fuel , building materials and tools would have required extensive woodland close to the settlement .
the need for wood for fuel , building materials and tools would have [] extensive woodland close to the settlement .

However , little research has been carried out on the quantities of wood required .
however , little research has been carried out on the quantities of wood [] .

An experiment stemming from the excavation of prehistoric cremations in Orkney indicated that one cubic metre of brushwood and peat was required to reduce a 4 stone goat to 0.04 cubic metre of bone and ash in five hours ( Hedges 1977 , p. 143 ) .
an experiment stemming from the excavation of prehistoric cremations in orkney indicated that one cubic metre of brushwood and peat was [] to reduce a 4 stone goat to 0.04 cubic metre of bone and ash in five hours ( hedges 1977 , p. 143 ) .

Any agricultural surplus would have been required to support the development of urban centres which in turn encouraged craft specialisation .
any agricultural surplus would have been [] to support the development of urban centres which in turn encouraged craft specialisation .

Small isolated communities would have been extremely vulnerable if crops failed and , in such circumstances , alliances with neighbouring groups would have assumed great importance when food was required in emergencies .
small isolated communities would have been extremely vulnerable if crops failed and , in such circumstances , alliances with neighbouring groups would have assumed great importance when food was [] in emergencies .

The majority of items required on an everyday basis such as food , clothing , building materials , fuel and water , were either to be found locally or were produced on the farm .
the majority of items [] on an everyday basis such as food , clothing , building materials , fuel and water , were either to be found locally or were produced on the farm .

These types of problem extend even to the more commonplace types of metalwork in which the lack of replication might lead to the suggestion that everyday items were produced locally as required ; but were such technical skills possessed by someone on every farm or hamlet , at only a few locations , or was the craftsman a mobile specialist ?
these types of problem extend even to the more commonplace types of metalwork in which the lack of replication might lead to the suggestion that everyday items were produced locally as [] ; but were such technical skills possessed by someone on every farm or hamlet , at only a few locations , or was the craftsman a mobile specialist ?

The absence of exact replication with most brooch types strongly suggests that each , or each pair or trio , was manufactured as required , thereby introducing a high degree of innovation .
the absence of exact replication with most brooch types strongly suggests that each , or each pair or trio , was manufactured as [] , thereby introducing a high degree of innovation .

Despite the level of organisation required to bring together the materials and expertise to produce complex items , it is still surprising how few have survived .
despite the level of organisation [] to bring together the materials and expertise to produce complex items , it is still surprising how few have survived .

While this outlines the process of manufacture , each stage required a different combination of raw materials and tools which would in turn have had to be obtained and processed .
while this outlines the process of manufacture , each stage [] a different combination of raw materials and tools which would in turn have had to be obtained and processed .

Despite the quantities , at least of surviving examples , being small , the actual list of items required is quite daunting , including wood , charcoal , iron , silver , mercury , clay , lead , antimony , tallow , tin , gold , garnets and other stones , and abrasive .
despite the quantities , at least of surviving examples , being small , the actual list of items [] is quite daunting , including wood , charcoal , iron , silver , mercury , clay , lead , antimony , tallow , tin , gold , garnets and other stones , and abrasive .

There are also the various tools required for casting , graving , cutting , bending and polishing .
there are also the various tools [] for casting , graving , cutting , bending and polishing .

The skills required were no less than for the intricate metalworking and jewelling skills of the Kentish craftsmen , but the effort and raw materials required were on an altogether different scale .
the skills [] were no less than for the intricate metalworking and jewelling skills of the kentish craftsmen , but the effort and raw materials [] were on an altogether different scale .

The total man-hours required to construct such a building is impossible to estimate .
the total man-hours [] to construct such a building is impossible to estimate .

The spirit of true craftsmanship is , however , best seen in those items which , as far as is known , were unique in their time and which required all the craftsmen 's skills to achieve .
the spirit of true craftsmanship is , however , best seen in those items which , as far as is known , were unique in their time and which [] all the craftsmen 's skills to achieve .

It was accepted that models were used to create all of the decoration required in the day moulds , so that variation could occur in making the model , mould , casting or in any final cleaning .
it was accepted that models were used to create all of the decoration [] in the day moulds , so that variation could occur in making the model , mould , casting or in any final cleaning .

Clearly the more elaborate the dress , the more dress-fasteners required , although there is here the danger of a circular argument .
clearly the more elaborate the dress , the more dress-fasteners [] , although there is here the danger of a circular argument .

So after you have cooked that meal all that 's required from you is a wipe over .
so after you have cooked that meal all that 's [] from you is a wipe over .

To complete the whole conservatory package Molloy provide any plumbing , electrical work and landscaping required .
to complete the whole conservatory package molloy provide any plumbing , electrical work and landscaping [] .

The Oyster case is the epitome of strength , carved from a solid block of Stainless Steel , Gold or Platinum , in no less than one hundred and sixty-two separate operations with a further thirty-two operations required to produce the Twinlock winding crown , a hermetic seal that ensures perfect waterproofing to a depth of one hundred metres .
the oyster case is the epitome of strength , carved from a solid block of stainless steel , gold or platinum , in no less than one hundred and sixty-two separate operations with a further thirty-two operations [] to produce the twinlock winding crown , a hermetic seal that ensures perfect waterproofing to a depth of one hundred metres .

 Only one heat source is needed and only low heat is required for fast even cooking .
 only one heat source is needed and only low heat is [] for fast even cooking .

He chose not to read for a fellowship and once it became clear that he was no longer in the race for academic honours he was not required to take all the examinations .
he chose not to read for a fellowship and once it became clear that he was no longer in the race for academic honours he was not [] to take all the examinations .

If anything , he was more bookish and intellectual than many of his fellow-students who were pursuing with success the required courses of study .
if anything , he was more bookish and intellectual than many of his fellow-students who were pursuing with success the [] courses of study .

Their response is depressing  and also debilitating  because it creates an instant polarity between what might be termed the old and new agendas of the left , when what is actually required is a synthesis .
their response is depressing  and also debilitating  because it creates an instant polarity between what might be termed the old and new agendas of the left , when what is actually [] is a synthesis .

The picture of an economic and political system in which social exclusion , however unfortunate , is somehow a remediable affliction is all but required .
the picture of an economic and political system in which social exclusion , however unfortunate , is somehow a remediable affliction is all but [] .

The required change in policy begins with the overall or macroeconomic performance of the economy .
the [] change in policy begins with the overall or macroeconomic performance of the economy .

There will , therefore , be a minimum of five channels required .
there will , therefore , be a minimum of five channels [] .

Usually this is aimed at those who can already fly fairly competently and want to perform circuits , or even aerobatics , which means that some amount of negative pitch is required .
usually this is aimed at those who can already fly fairly competently and want to perform circuits , or even aerobatics , which means that some amount of negative pitch is [] .

For the beginner , however , this negative pitch angle is exactly what is not required and it is recommended that the lowest pitch that the blades can reach should be +1 .
for the beginner , however , this negative pitch angle is exactly what is not [] and it is recommended that the lowest pitch that the blades can reach should be +1 .

It can not be repeated too often that the main ingredient required by anyone wishing to learn to fly model helicopters is sheer dogged perseverance ! There are people in this world who have learned to fly very quickly and with little trouble , but rest assured that they are in a very small minority .
it can not be repeated too often that the main ingredient [] by anyone wishing to learn to fly model helicopters is sheer dogged perseverance ! there are people in this world who have learned to fly very quickly and with little trouble , but rest assured that they are in a very small minority .

This means that fore/ aft cyclic ( elevator ) is not required and a turn is made with coordinated lateral cyclic and tail rotor ( aileron/rudder ) .
this means that fore/ aft cyclic ( elevator ) is not [] and a turn is made with coordinated lateral cyclic and tail rotor ( aileron/rudder ) .

Practise the above and familiarise yourself with the co-ordination required for turns in each direction before trying to fly proper circuits .
practise the above and familiarise yourself with the co-ordination [] for turns in each direction before trying to fly proper circuits .

If we add our weathercock effect on to this , the tail rotor is now too effective and a trim change is required ( Fig.5.9 ) .
if we add our weathercock effect on to this , the tail rotor is now too effective and a trim change is [] ( fig.5.9 ) .

Anticlockwise rotation means more right trim is required .
anticlockwise rotation means more right trim is [] .

In theory , some lateral trim should also be required when hovering in a wind , or flying forwards , to cancel out the additional lift produced by the forward travelling blade .
in theory , some lateral trim should also be [] when hovering in a wind , or flying forwards , to cancel out the additional lift produced by the forward travelling blade .

Once the machine starts to move , there will be a loss of lift due to the sideways component being used to produce the movement and more power will be required .
once the machine starts to move , there will be a loss of lift due to the sideways component being used to produce the movement and more power will be [] .

The resulting sharp increase in drag will provide a rapid deceleration and far less sideways cyclic will be required to provide braking effort .
the resulting sharp increase in drag will provide a rapid deceleration and far less sideways cyclic will be [] to provide braking effort .

You are not ready for the nose-in hover at this stage , so some other remedy is required .
you are not ready for the nose-in hover at this stage , so some other remedy is [] .

If too great a reduction is required , go round again and start the descent further away ( careful ! )
if too great a reduction is [] , go round again and start the descent further away ( careful ! )

It does not matter how well you may be able to see the model if you are unable to relate the information in terms of the action required .
it does not matter how well you may be able to see the model if you are unable to relate the information in terms of the action [] .

The model is now flying at the maximum speed of which it is capable and is in a situation where all power above that required to maintain height goes into making the model move forwards .
the model is now flying at the maximum speed of which it is capable and is in a situation where all power above that [] to maintain height goes into making the model move forwards .

By this means , it is possible to have more negative pitch than usual ( say -5 ) when required .
by this means , it is possible to have more negative pitch than usual ( say -5 ) when [] .

Control throws need to be sufficient to perform the manoeuvres required  which , with some models , means as much as possible .
control throws need to be sufficient to perform the manoeuvres []  which , with some models , means as much as possible .

The other ingredient is the humble stall turn , which again is easy to do until you attempt to add lengthy periods of vertical climb or dive as required in contests .
the other ingredient is the humble stall turn , which again is easy to do until you attempt to add lengthy periods of vertical climb or dive as [] in contests .

Contrary to popular belief , both the tail compensation system and the gyro will work quite normally in this position and the pitch requirement is an exact mirror image of that required for normal flying .
contrary to popular belief , both the tail compensation system and the gyro will work quite normally in this position and the pitch requirement is an exact mirror image of that [] for normal flying .

Alternatively , these parameters may change over time , and solutions of essentially the same problem at different time periods may be required .
alternatively , these parameters may change over time , and solutions of essentially the same problem at different time periods may be [] .

The choice of pivot row to achieve this can affect the computational effort required to restore optimality and is investigated in Exercise 1 .
the choice of pivot row to achieve this can affect the computational effort [] to restore optimality and is investigated in exercise 1 .

In fact , all that is required is that , when calculating  as above , we restrict case ( b ) to feasible forward variables .
in fact , all that is [] is that , when calculating  as above , we restrict case ( b ) to feasible forward variables .

When only one dual simplex iteration is required to restore optimality , the bound is equal to the decrease , but in large problems , typically , several dual-simplex pivots are needed .
when only one dual simplex iteration is [] to restore optimality , the bound is equal to the decrease , but in large problems , typically , several dual-simplex pivots are needed .

We forgot the size of the 8 per cent swing required to give Labour an overall majority ; that the Tories had held their private leadership election 18 months before ; that recessions steel hearts rather than change them , driving people back to the devil they know , to secure their own base-line rather than pushing them towards adventurous alternatives .
we forgot the size of the 8 per cent swing [] to give labour an overall majority ; that the tories had held their private leadership election 18 months before ; that recessions steel hearts rather than change them , driving people back to the devil they know , to secure their own base-line rather than pushing them towards adventurous alternatives .

The wealth of the west depended absolutely on colonial domination , territorial expansion and the import of cheap commodities , including , when it required them , human beings , whether as slaves to the Caribbean and North America , indentured labour in the plantations of Malaysia and Africa or migrant workers to Europe .
the wealth of the west depended absolutely on colonial domination , territorial expansion and the import of cheap commodities , including , when it [] them , human beings , whether as slaves to the caribbean and north america , indentured labour in the plantations of malaysia and africa or migrant workers to europe .

The unionists hope that he will be less receptive to  Irish blarney  and Balliol , the Dragoon Guards and the Bar hardly offer the political socialisation required to understand Ulster 's Catholic dispossessed .
the unionists hope that he will be less receptive to  irish blarney  and balliol , the dragoon guards and the bar hardly offer the political socialisation [] to understand ulster 's catholic dispossessed .

There are , as Mr Osborne states , few regulations covering hospital operation or the minimum necessary equipment required .
there are , as mr osborne states , few regulations covering hospital operation or the minimum necessary equipment [] .

Some of the new treatments offered at the hospital , such as drug treatment for malignant conditions or transrectal hyperthermia for benign prostate disease are , the trust claims , particularly cost-effective and advantageous as they avoid the need for a hospital stay required by the traditional prostatectomy and preserve male potency .
some of the new treatments offered at the hospital , such as drug treatment for malignant conditions or transrectal hyperthermia for benign prostate disease are , the trust claims , particularly cost-effective and advantageous as they avoid the need for a hospital stay [] by the traditional prostatectomy and preserve male potency .

She suggests a  clearing house  across London to be set up to ensure that , if nurses are no longer required in one hospital , there is a mechanism to collate the information and pinpoint areas where their skills are needed .
she suggests a  clearing house  across london to be set up to ensure that , if nurses are no longer [] in one hospital , there is a mechanism to collate the information and pinpoint areas where their skills are needed .

Like most Guillain-Barr syndrome patients , he required maximal nursing , medical and physiotherapy care but did not need sedation .
like most guillain-barr syndrome patients , he [] maximal nursing , medical and physiotherapy care but did not need sedation .

His condition deteriorated over the next week until he required ventilation .
his condition deteriorated over the next week until he [] ventilation .

He required bolus opioid to tolerate physiotherapy .
he [] bolus opioid to tolerate physiotherapy .

In addition , suctioning of his endotracheal tube cause bradycardias , which occasionally required intravenous atropine , although Brian seemed unaware of this .
in addition , suctioning of his endotracheal tube cause bradycardias , which occasionally [] intravenous atropine , although brian seemed unaware of this .

With increasing throughput of clients , team nursing could still result in a  getting through our side of the ward  approach , rather than the  identifying and meeting all needs of each client  route required for effective individualised care .
with increasing throughput of clients , team nursing could still result in a  getting through our side of the ward  approach , rather than the  identifying and meeting all needs of each client  route [] for effective individualised care .

It is recognised that supervision and further training would be required for anyone who wishes to use the approach in the field .
it is recognised that supervision and further training would be [] for anyone who wishes to use the approach in the field .

Asking patients is not the best method of ascertaining problems ; observation is required .
asking patients is not the best method of ascertaining problems ; observation is [] .

And even if it does n't come naturally , most politicians develop the ability to be absolutely horrible whenever it is required .
and even if it does n't come naturally , most politicians develop the ability to be absolutely horrible whenever it is [] .

This was seen by workers at the London Hazards Centre who were quickly able to supply exactly the required references .
this was seen by workers at the london hazards centre who were quickly able to supply exactly the [] references .

It would have required an enormously creative imagination to have foreseen the kinds of jobs that the children and grandchildren of those farmworkers would now be engaged in .
it would have [] an enormously creative imagination to have foreseen the kinds of jobs that the children and grandchildren of those farmworkers would now be engaged in .

Computerisation and automation will mean that smaller numbers will be required to run the large corporations .
computerisation and automation will mean that smaller numbers will be [] to run the large corporations .

The difficulty with all these forecasts is that the type of skills required depends on decisions made by managers about the way in which work is organised around the technology , and we thus come back to the problem identified with forecasts made about the impact of new technology on society .
the difficulty with all these forecasts is that the type of skills [] depends on decisions made by managers about the way in which work is organised around the technology , and we thus come back to the problem identified with forecasts made about the impact of new technology on society .

Moreover , the research team observed that the skills required for these jobs were much less than the skills needed to contend with interferences emanating from the underground situation .
moreover , the research team observed that the skills [] for these jobs were much less than the skills needed to contend with interferences emanating from the underground situation .

If the piece-rate was raised in an attempt to persuade the workers to produce more output , exactly the opposite effect was obtained as individuals would only produce the ( lower ) quantity required to meet their cash target .
if the piece-rate was raised in an attempt to persuade the workers to produce more output , exactly the opposite effect was obtained as individuals would only produce the ( lower ) quantity [] to meet their cash target .

It also  and perhaps more importantly  gave much tighter control over workers , enabling the factory owner to offer an all-or-nothing contract to the mill-workers , such that they would be required to work the then standard fourteen-hour day , six-day week  a far more intensive work-rate than that chosen by the putting-out workers who could exercise their own preference in the trade-off between work and leisure .
it also  and perhaps more importantly  gave much tighter control over workers , enabling the factory owner to offer an all-or-nothing contract to the mill-workers , such that they would be [] to work the then standard fourteen-hour day , six-day week  a far more intensive work-rate than that chosen by the putting-out workers who could exercise their own preference in the trade-off between work and leisure .

Their application to such industries as spinning and weaving in seventeenth and eighteenth centuries often resulted in inventions suited to the circumstances of petty producers : The new machines required little capital and a family-sized labor force , and hence were well suited to the perpetuation of cottage industry .
their application to such industries as spinning and weaving in seventeenth and eighteenth centuries often resulted in inventions suited to the circumstances of petty producers : the new machines [] little capital and a family-sized labor force , and hence were well suited to the perpetuation of cottage industry .

Fourthly , the problem is not just a mechanical one of co-ordinating and controlling the extra flows of information required when jobs are fragmented .
fourthly , the problem is not just a mechanical one of co-ordinating and controlling the extra flows of information [] when jobs are fragmented .

The doughmen could tell by the feel of the dough , and by the sound that it made during mixing , if it was too dry or too wet , and add small amounts of required ingredients to compensate .
the doughmen could tell by the feel of the dough , and by the sound that it made during mixing , if it was too dry or too wet , and add small amounts of [] ingredients to compensate .

The automation thus de-skilled the job both in terms of how the job was classified and in terms of how much knowledge was required to do it .
the automation thus de-skilled the job both in terms of how the job was classified and in terms of how much knowledge was [] to do it .

There was thus a legal obligation to ensure the packets did not fall below the required weight , but on the other hand the company did not want to give free biscuits to customers by making the packets heavier than necessary .
there was thus a legal obligation to ensure the packets did not fall below the [] weight , but on the other hand the company did not want to give free biscuits to customers by making the packets heavier than necessary .

Polarisation tended to occur more on simpler machines , which could be programmed off the shop floor and operated by those with less skill than would have been required for conventional machines doing work of that complexity .
polarisation tended to occur more on simpler machines , which could be programmed off the shop floor and operated by those with less skill than would have been [] for conventional machines doing work of that complexity .

The report concluded by stating that Orkney Islands Council failed to implement good working practice as required by the Scottish Office .
the report concluded by stating that orkney islands council failed to implement good working practice as [] by the scottish office .

He refused to comment on whether his organisation was carrying out the interviewing or  disclosure  work on the children ; , he merely reiterated that they were involved in offering their assistance in whatever way was required by the department who had contracted them .
he refused to comment on whether his organisation was carrying out the interviewing or  disclosure  work on the children ; , he merely reiterated that they were involved in offering their assistance in whatever way was [] by the department who had contracted them .

Kenneth drove me here last Sunday after helping me to load the car with clothes , shoes , video recorder , sound equipment , books , photos , kettle , mug , hot-water-bottle ( never go anywhere without it ) and all the required paraphernalia of a season away from home .
kenneth drove me here last sunday after helping me to load the car with clothes , shoes , video recorder , sound equipment , books , photos , kettle , mug , hot-water-bottle ( never go anywhere without it ) and all the [] paraphernalia of a season away from home .

It was bliss shopping for  a nice bit of haslet for father 's packing-up  and knowing for certain that thirty-six milk checks  no more , no less  would be required each week .
it was bliss shopping for  a nice bit of haslet for father 's packing-up  and knowing for certain that thirty-six milk checks  no more , no less  would be [] each week .

Backstitch a little larger than required size of buttonhole , taking a stitch into each stitch of knitting .
backstitch a little larger than [] size of buttonhole , taking a stitch into each stitch of knitting .

Shadow lace is formed by knitting every needle on bed 1 , and knitting only certain needles on bed 2 and transferring all or some of the stitches from bed 2 to bed 1 every so often as required by the design .
shadow lace is formed by knitting every needle on bed 1 , and knitting only certain needles on bed 2 and transferring all or some of the stitches from bed 2 to bed 1 every so often as [] by the design .

Before we arrived , we received from her clear instructions how to choose a paper pattern and then to make the required long lengths of knitting , thus making the fabric for the chosen pattern .
before we arrived , we received from her clear instructions how to choose a paper pattern and then to make the [] long lengths of knitting , thus making the fabric for the chosen pattern .

If you wish to leave plain stitches between each repeat , then you must indicate this by drawing a black square , in line with the two squares which set the height , on the last row of plain stitches required .
if you wish to leave plain stitches between each repeat , then you must indicate this by drawing a black square , in line with the two squares which set the height , on the last row of plain stitches [] .

Now for the movements required to read the pattern .
now for the movements [] to read the pattern .

Look at the total amount of yarn required for the size you will be making .
look at the total amount of yarn [] for the size you will be making .

Although the stripes change in depth , you are still using the colours in equal amounts , therefore approximately half of the total amount is required for each colour , plus extra for borders .
although the stripes change in depth , you are still using the colours in equal amounts , therefore approximately half of the total amount is [] for each colour , plus extra for borders .

The  non-active  mode is used for moving around the screen whilst the  active  mode is required to actually plot a point .
the  non-active  mode is used for moving around the screen whilst the  active  mode is [] to actually plot a point .

They will travel any distance and can often fill in at short notice , if required .
they will travel any distance and can often fill in at short notice , if [] .

The light controls on the ground were no heavier in the air , and the photo session formation was sheer joy , the Blkow sitting wherever it was required .
the light controls on the ground were no heavier in the air , and the photo session formation was sheer joy , the blkow sitting wherever it was [] .

Where so many of this book 's predecessors have failed their readers is in not providing honest appraisals of the effort required to complete and fly a homebuilt .
where so many of this book 's predecessors have failed their readers is in not providing honest appraisals of the effort [] to complete and fly a homebuilt .

True , a state-of-the-art aerobatic machine is expensive , but if we are to represent our county at major championships in a competitive manner then it is required of to run competitive machines .
true , a state-of-the-art aerobatic machine is expensive , but if we are to represent our county at major championships in a competitive manner then it is [] of to run competitive machines .

The first is the notion that all that is now required is  one more heave  .
the first is the notion that all that is now [] is  one more heave  .

These former gang members will be required to go through police training and must comply with all of the laws instituted by our established authorities .
these former gang members will be [] to go through police training and must comply with all of the laws instituted by our established authorities .

The businessman shall not be required to have security for the loan .
the businessman shall not be [] to have security for the loan .

These business owners shall be required to hire 90 per cent of their personnel from within the community and the monies shall not be distributed in a lump sum .
these business owners shall be [] to hire 90 per cent of their personnel from within the community and the monies shall not be distributed in a lump sum .

Plans to develop the market have so far required 100 businesses to relocate and changed the lives of an infinite number of people .
plans to develop the market have so far [] 100 businesses to relocate and changed the lives of an infinite number of people .

All that is required now is for each tip to be lifted in turn from the worktop , and the strong tape folded over to form a complete pocket at each corner .
all that is [] now is for each tip to be lifted in turn from the worktop , and the strong tape folded over to form a complete pocket at each corner .

If undecided on the diameter you need , remember that tube joiners will be required somewhere or other and the fit will have to be a good one .
if undecided on the diameter you need , remember that tube joiners will be [] somewhere or other and the fit will have to be a good one .

As a result , kite-makers have carbon tube in lengths of 5 metres from the pultruders , which is then cut as required for commercial designs , or halved to 2.5m ( 98in ) for easier handling by the individual enthusiast .
as a result , kite-makers have carbon tube in lengths of 5 metres from the pultruders , which is then cut as [] for commercial designs , or halved to 2.5m ( 98in ) for easier handling by the individual enthusiast .

Large areas of paper will be required .
large areas of paper will be [] .

Marking out and matching the fabric is critical , so too is the internal bracing , as might be required for a whale or shark shape .
marking out and matching the fabric is critical , so too is the internal bracing , as might be [] for a whale or shark shape .

As well as the need to make the transporter as light as possible , commensurate with the strength required in the mainspars of the sails and the rigidity of the tube , you can employ a wide variety of materials in the transporter .
as well as the need to make the transporter as light as possible , commensurate with the strength [] in the mainspars of the sails and the rigidity of the tube , you can employ a wide variety of materials in the transporter .

Excellent as he was in GoodFellas , you could n't help thinking that the understated menace required for the role came to him like second nature .
excellent as he was in goodfellas , you could n't help thinking that the understated menace [] for the role came to him like second nature .

Something more effective was required .
something more effective was [] .

Until he could be restored to them , as Regent , they required an acting Regent .
until he could be restored to them , as regent , they [] an acting regent .

Alexander Ramsay was back in his own house of Dalwolsey for Yuletide , and glad to be , for apart from the festive season 's celebrations , which he always enjoyed , there was much that required his attention as chief of a great lordship of many baronies , many manors and wide lands .
alexander ramsay was back in his own house of dalwolsey for yuletide , and glad to be , for apart from the festive season 's celebrations , which he always enjoyed , there was much that [] his attention as chief of a great lordship of many baronies , many manors and wide lands .

He repeated his uncle 's announcement and added peremptorily that swift compliance was required or it would be the worse for Gilsland .
he repeated his uncle 's announcement and added peremptorily that swift compliance was [] or it would be the worse for gilsland .

it was very much a composite host , consisting of the Earl 's own feudal manpower , the levies required by the crown , for the support of the Warden , from Border lairds , and bands of assorted mosstroopers belonging to various clans who found it profitable and expedient to ally themselves with the most powerful figure in South-East Scotland , the assembly at Holywell Haugh amounting to about three thousand .
it was very much a composite host , consisting of the earl 's own feudal manpower , the levies [] by the crown , for the support of the warden , from border lairds , and bands of assorted mosstroopers belonging to various clans who found it profitable and expedient to ally themselves with the most powerful figure in south-east scotland , the assembly at holywell haugh amounting to about three thousand .

And proof that an informant had indeed reached Edward from the town was provided by the fact that the emissaries now demanded that the required hostage should be none other than Seton 's own son , a young man whom he had brought with him to Berwick on his first military venture , unfortunate a start as this had turned out to be .
and proof that an informant had indeed reached edward from the town was provided by the fact that the emissaries now demanded that the [] hostage should be none other than seton 's own son , a young man whom he had brought with him to berwick on his first military venture , unfortunate a start as this had turned out to be .

Founded in 1937 by Erica Fiah , African trader and leader of the African Welfare and Commercial Association , the paper was initially a platform for that Association , and Fiah told his readers that effective improvement for Africans required them to have political power as well as economic and educational advancement .
founded in 1937 by erica fiah , african trader and leader of the african welfare and commercial association , the paper was initially a platform for that association , and fiah told his readers that effective improvement for africans [] them to have political power as well as economic and educational advancement .

As an example he cited the case of the African journalist who wants to expose corruption in high places but is very unlikely to have the professional training for the painstaking investigation required .
as an example he cited the case of the african journalist who wants to expose corruption in high places but is very unlikely to have the professional training for the painstaking investigation [] .

The television sets on sale required mains electricity , available only in certain parts of Zambia 's towns ; they were also costly to buy and to maintain .
the television sets on sale [] mains electricity , available only in certain parts of zambia 's towns ; they were also costly to buy and to maintain .

As a result he held that  the abolition of religion as the illusory happiness of the people is required for their real happiness  .
as a result he held that  the abolition of religion as the illusory happiness of the people is [] for their real happiness  .

This was because these changes required the approval of Congress , which was not granted because it was controlled by opposition parties .
this was because these changes [] the approval of congress , which was not granted because it was controlled by opposition parties .

As a result we argued that the so called  crisis  of capitalism results from a prevailing set of cultural values , which are alien to those required if the market economy is to survive , typified by a counter-culture which eschews the traditional distinction between good and evil and right and wrong , and which is committed to establishing an egalitarian economic system .
as a result we argued that the so called  crisis  of capitalism results from a prevailing set of cultural values , which are alien to those [] if the market economy is to survive , typified by a counter-culture which eschews the traditional distinction between good and evil and right and wrong , and which is committed to establishing an egalitarian economic system .

The object of reform should be to require of trade unions the same degree of responsibility within law that is at present required of corporations .
the object of reform should be to require of trade unions the same degree of responsibility within law that is at present [] of corporations .

Provided that when goods are consigned  carriage forward  the Trader shall not be required to pay such charges unless the consignee fails to pay after a reasonable demand has been made by the carrier for payment thereof .
provided that when goods are consigned  carriage forward  the trader shall not be [] to pay such charges unless the consignee fails to pay after a reasonable demand has been made by the carrier for payment thereof .

The size or shape of a Consignment necessitates the use of a vehicle of greater carrying capacity than the weight of the Consignment would otherwise require , in which case the tonnage rate shall be computed upon and apply to the carrying capacity of such vehicle as is reasonably required .
the size or shape of a consignment necessitates the use of a vehicle of greater carrying capacity than the weight of the consignment would otherwise require , in which case the tonnage rate shall be computed upon and apply to the carrying capacity of such vehicle as is reasonably [] .

job flexibility : will the employee be expected to undertake different duties if required ? If the contract contains a narrowly drawn job description the employee may refuse to change his duties .
job flexibility : will the employee be expected to undertake different duties if [] ? if the contract contains a narrowly drawn job description the employee may refuse to change his duties .

overtime : will the employee be required to undertake compulsory overtime ?
overtime : will the employee be [] to undertake compulsory overtime ?

It was held that an implied term of Mr Hill 's employment contract required his employer to obey the law and insure the lorry .
it was held that an implied term of mr hill 's employment contract [] his employer to obey the law and insure the lorry .

wear appropriate safety equipment and use appropriate safety devices as required by the client at all times ,
wear appropriate safety equipment and use appropriate safety devices as [] by the client at all times ,

If the number of volunteers exceeded the number required , the company would be prepared to move drivers from quarry to quarry to make up the numbers .
if the number of volunteers exceeded the number [] , the company would be prepared to move drivers from quarry to quarry to make up the numbers .

The haulier should seek expert advice from one of the many financial advisers advertising their services in the press when credit over 15,000 is required .
the haulier should seek expert advice from one of the many financial advisers advertising their services in the press when credit over 15,000 is [] .

Lawyers are usually required to prepare cases and defend them .
lawyers are usually [] to prepare cases and defend them .

that the acceptance of that offer would have required the dismissal of the petition , and
that the acceptance of that offer would have [] the dismissal of the petition , and

No formal or academic qualifications were required for this , and she did get some training .
no formal or academic qualifications were [] for this , and she did get some training .

Speaking of Tynagh he said the company had failed to fulfil the only planning obligation required of them : that they leave the place as near as possible to how they found it .
speaking of tynagh he said the company had failed to fulfil the only planning obligation [] of them : that they leave the place as near as possible to how they found it .

They climbed in , and no talk was made as they journeyed down Bath Street towards the Exchange ; , evidently Mrs Heatherton felt that she had done all that was required of her .
they climbed in , and no talk was made as they journeyed down bath street towards the exchange ; , evidently mrs heatherton felt that she had done all that was [] of her .

It was all that he could do to contain himself when he was with her , and she held him off constantly , obeying the etiquette required of a genteel young female .
it was all that he could do to contain himself when he was with her , and she held him off constantly , obeying the etiquette [] of a genteel young female .

He began to kiss her , and Dinah knew slight revulsion ; if only he would leave her alone for once ! But it was evident that men required this , daily , nightly ; and at least it was better than Mr Poole .
he began to kiss her , and dinah knew slight revulsion ; if only he would leave her alone for once ! but it was evident that men [] this , daily , nightly ; and at least it was better than mr poole .

Dinah learnt the lines , was laced into the vulgar striped dress the part required , which had stains under the arms from the young lady off sick , was heavily rouged and had her eyebrows blackened , and walked on to the boards to the flare of gaslight and the outline of gentlemen in bowler hats they had not troubled to remove , refreshing themselves at the bar which stood at the back of the theatre .
dinah learnt the lines , was laced into the vulgar striped dress the part [] , which had stains under the arms from the young lady off sick , was heavily rouged and had her eyebrows blackened , and walked on to the boards to the flare of gaslight and the outline of gentlemen in bowler hats they had not troubled to remove , refreshing themselves at the bar which stood at the back of the theatre .

John describes the agony of the ensuing Dark Night of the soul but Hilton writes more calmly and with an acceptance of this dereliction which is required by all mystical traditions .
john describes the agony of the ensuing dark night of the soul but hilton writes more calmly and with an acceptance of this dereliction which is [] by all mystical traditions .

Claiming that although in the end  their services had not been required  , he thought that nevertheless  they would have expected and received some share of the proceeds  and it was presumably while Griffiths was being handed his share of the proceeds from Mr Ross 's safe that bits of brown paper and bits of white paper could have found their way into his overcoat pocket .
claiming that although in the end  their services had not been []  , he thought that nevertheless  they would have expected and received some share of the proceeds  and it was presumably while griffiths was being handed his share of the proceeds from mr ross 's safe that bits of brown paper and bits of white paper could have found their way into his overcoat pocket .

What had the trade done to deserve such harsh treatment ? Were they not merely carrying out a required social service ? Had not the medieval burial guilds done precisely the same ? So why should he , the late seventeenth-century undertaker , be treated with such disdain ? The answer is complex .  Generally speaking most tradesmen have some ways peculiar to themselves which they either derived from masters who taught them or from the experience of things or from something in the course of business  , but this did not strictly apply to undertakers ,
what had the trade done to deserve such harsh treatment ? were they not merely carrying out a [] social service ? had not the medieval burial guilds done precisely the same ? so why should he , the late seventeenth-century undertaker , be treated with such disdain ? the answer is complex .  generally speaking most tradesmen have some ways peculiar to themselves which they either derived from masters who taught them or from the experience of things or from something in the course of business  , but this did not strictly apply to undertakers ,

The endowment fund for such masses was enormous and in the thirteenth century some system of regulation was required .
the endowment fund for such masses was enormous and in the thirteenth century some system of regulation was [] .

Obviously someone in the guild 's hierarchy  perhaps the clerk  would have acted as  master of ceremonies  , informing guild members of their required attendance and possibly liaising with the parish priest and sexton on behalf of the family .
obviously someone in the guild 's hierarchy  perhaps the clerk  would have acted as  master of ceremonies  , informing guild members of their [] attendance and possibly liaising with the parish priest and sexton on behalf of the family .

It seems , then , that the average undertaker was little more than a speculative cabinet-maker and joiner who , either by direct contact with the metalworking trades , or via such funeral houses as Richard Green 's , was able to buy in at wholesale all that was required for a funeral .
it seems , then , that the average undertaker was little more than a speculative cabinet-maker and joiner who , either by direct contact with the metalworking trades , or via such funeral houses as richard green 's , was able to buy in at wholesale all that was [] for a funeral .

Robert Green went further in his services to the trade , hiring out to the smaller undertaker those items required for an up-market funeral .
robert green went further in his services to the trade , hiring out to the smaller undertaker those items [] for an up-market funeral .

When Chadwick 's comments on the trade are examined it becomes abundantly clear why hire companies such as Robert Green 's were required :  The number of persons whose sole business is that of undertaker , whose names are enumerated in the post-office directory for the year 1843 for the metropolis , is 275 .
when chadwick 's comments on the trade are examined it becomes abundantly clear why hire companies such as robert green 's were [] :  the number of persons whose sole business is that of undertaker , whose names are enumerated in the post-office directory for the year 1843 for the metropolis , is 275 .

How long these shrouded corpses lay above ground depended on a number of factors : whether or not an autopsy was required , the undertaker 's schedule , the availability of a grave-digger  or the parish coffin if it was needed  the wishes of the family or any specific instruction left by the deceased .
how long these shrouded corpses lay above ground depended on a number of factors : whether or not an autopsy was [] , the undertaker 's schedule , the availability of a grave-digger  or the parish coffin if it was needed  the wishes of the family or any specific instruction left by the deceased .

This both pleased and hampered the trade : pleased , because oak was more expensive than the traditional elm ; hampered , as it was easier , less time-consuming and required far less skill to cover an elm coffin with baize or velvet than to spend time on french polishing .
this both pleased and hampered the trade : pleased , because oak was more expensive than the traditional elm ; hampered , as it was easier , less time-consuming and [] far less skill to cover an elm coffin with baize or velvet than to spend time on french polishing .

The delay occasioned by the organization of , for example , a heraldic funeral required certain hygienic treatment to the body and it was necessary to encapsulate the corpse within a watertight container to prevent leakage , lead being the accepted material .
the delay occasioned by the organization of , for example , a heraldic funeral [] certain hygienic treatment to the body and it was necessary to encapsulate the corpse within a watertight container to prevent leakage , lead being the accepted material .

Having been placed on to three lengths of webbing , six men would be required to lift the shell and put it into the case ; the webs were then cut , as it would not have been possible to withdraw them .
having been placed on to three lengths of webbing , six men would be [] to lift the shell and put it into the case ; the webs were then cut , as it would not have been possible to withdraw them .

Whilst coffins of this type were produced for vault and brick-lined shaft deposit they were also required for intramural earth-cut graves ; one such example from the 1820s was discovered during the excavations at St Mary 's Church , Little Ilford , Essex in 1984 .
whilst coffins of this type were produced for vault and brick-lined shaft deposit they were also [] for intramural earth-cut graves ; one such example from the 1820s was discovered during the excavations at st mary 's church , little ilford , essex in 1984 .

The basic material of hair comes from amino acids , and to ensure that cell production continues , the blood supply at the bottom of the hair follicle transports the amino acids , hormones and nutrients required for hair growth .
the basic material of hair comes from amino acids , and to ensure that cell production continues , the blood supply at the bottom of the hair follicle transports the amino acids , hormones and nutrients [] for hair growth .

 The talent required to drive a machine to the ultimate of its ability is the same as always .
 the talent [] to drive a machine to the ultimate of its ability is the same as always .

It was decided in 1983 that students would in future be required to provide their own bed linen and towels .
it was decided in 1983 that students would in future be [] to provide their own bed linen and towels .

The students have already been notified that they will be required to leave by 10a.m .
the students have already been notified that they will be [] to leave by 10a.m .

You are required to produce a report for the Director of Casterbridge Polytechnic :
you are [] to produce a report for the director of casterbridge polytechnic :

You are able to collect the information detailed below over a number of informal visits , and are now required to present your preliminary conclusions and recommendations for Davenport 's consideration .
you are able to collect the information detailed below over a number of informal visits , and are now [] to present your preliminary conclusions and recommendations for davenport 's consideration .

Peter Davenport has requested your advice . You are required to write a report :
peter davenport has requested your advice . you are [] to write a report :

The equipment required would include a blast chiller , central production coldstores , end kitchen chill store cabinets and miscellaneous items ( e.g. trolleys and containers ) .
the equipment [] would include a blast chiller , central production coldstores , end kitchen chill store cabinets and miscellaneous items ( e.g. trolleys and containers ) .

Whether self-service or waiter/waitress service is required .
whether self-service or waiter/waitress service is [] .

You are required to write a report for submission to the Board of Cheshire Restaurants Ltd , analysing the alternative proposals and submitting your recommendations as to the course to be pursued .
you are [] to write a report for submission to the board of cheshire restaurants ltd , analysing the alternative proposals and submitting your recommendations as to the course to be pursued .

They are linked by a glass partition door which may be opened if required .
they are linked by a glass partition door which may be opened if [] .

However , he has insisted on a better system of debtor management with a proper analysis of debtor accounts and a tighter credit policy , has required full explanations of any discounted room rates or complimentaries and has introduced spot checks to compare the Housekeeper 's reports and Reception 's daily letting reports .
however , he has insisted on a better system of debtor management with a proper analysis of debtor accounts and a tighter credit policy , has [] full explanations of any discounted room rates or complimentaries and has introduced spot checks to compare the housekeeper 's reports and reception 's daily letting reports .

You are required to submit a report to the Board of Duchy Hotels Ltd , analysing the current situation and offering your recommendations with regard to the development of the adjacent cinema site .
you are [] to submit a report to the board of duchy hotels ltd , analysing the current situation and offering your recommendations with regard to the development of the adjacent cinema site .

Initially , however , an intensive marketing effort will be required .
initially , however , an intensive marketing effort will be [] .

Since the accommodation would be occupied all year round , the standard would have to be similar to that required for permanent occupation .
since the accommodation would be occupied all year round , the standard would have to be similar to that [] for permanent occupation .

Edgar ran the hotel in a friendly , paternalistic manner , arguing that the Sutton Manor 's ambience and clientele required a relatively old-fashioned management approach .
edgar ran the hotel in a friendly , paternalistic manner , arguing that the sutton manor 's ambience and clientele [] a relatively old-fashioned management approach .

Managers are required to put down a small security deposit , but all equipment is provided by the company , which also pays staff wages and overhead expenses , together with a small additional honorarium ( currently 5 per cent of husband 's salary ) to the manager 's wife for looking after the domestic accommodation .
managers are [] to put down a small security deposit , but all equipment is provided by the company , which also pays staff wages and overhead expenses , together with a small additional honorarium ( currently 5 per cent of husband 's salary ) to the manager 's wife for looking after the domestic accommodation .

Tenants are required to purchase all liquor , soft drinks and bar items such as crisps and tobacco from Palatine , though at a discount , and they are expected to make their living from the profits after deduction of rent ( paid to Palatine ) , wages , rates , lighting and heating , etc .
tenants are [] to purchase all liquor , soft drinks and bar items such as crisps and tobacco from palatine , though at a discount , and they are expected to make their living from the profits after deduction of rent ( paid to palatine ) , wages , rates , lighting and heating , etc .

We once set a case involving a highly seasonal business which ended up with no cash , a big overdraft , lots of creditors and no hope of any more revenue for at least six months : those students who did n't recognize that some pretty drastic immediate action was required ( surprisingly , there were several ) could n't reasonably expect any marks !
we once set a case involving a highly seasonal business which ended up with no cash , a big overdraft , lots of creditors and no hope of any more revenue for at least six months : those students who did n't recognize that some pretty drastic immediate action was [] ( surprisingly , there were several ) could n't reasonably expect any marks !

We have included it here because it is required by the context ( i.e .
we have included it here because it is [] by the context ( i.e .

Although such intellectual theories may hold some water , they do n't explain why teenage boys appear to be the only ones with the manual dexterity required to be a video games ace .
although such intellectual theories may hold some water , they do n't explain why teenage boys appear to be the only ones with the manual dexterity [] to be a video games ace .

Your letter should have a feeling of  action required today  .
your letter should have a feeling of  action [] today  .

Oral examinations are intended to be a cross examination of the severest kind and your debtor will be required to bring his books , papers and documents into court with him .
oral examinations are intended to be a cross examination of the severest kind and your debtor will be [] to bring his books , papers and documents into court with him .

There are no special court pro-formas for the writ but nevertheless they must contain certain details as required by the Sheriff Court Acts .
there are no special court pro-formas for the writ but nevertheless they must contain certain details as [] by the sheriff court acts .

But it will only work if further orders are required and other suppliers are not readily available .
but it will only work if further orders are [] and other suppliers are not readily available .

Geisler attempted to bring about a delay in the proceedings on a technicality : the term Cannabis sativa used in the indictments is Latin , and the law required that all indictments should be couched in English .
geisler attempted to bring about a delay in the proceedings on a technicality : the term cannabis sativa used in the indictments is latin , and the law [] that all indictments should be couched in english .

She could only be ready to pick up the pieces if and when required .
she could only be ready to pick up the pieces if and when [] .

The noise , the exercise , the degree of concentration that was required , stopped him thinking .
the noise , the exercise , the degree of concentration that was [] , stopped him thinking .

He knew thanks were required but the effort of offering them and making a satisfactory excuse seemed altogether too much .
he knew thanks were [] but the effort of offering them and making a satisfactory excuse seemed altogether too much .

On Sundays Maxie Frizzell caught up with the various jobs his wife Donna required him to do .
on sundays maxie frizzell caught up with the various jobs his wife donna [] him to do .

When you write , we 'll tell you how to claim and what evidence is required .
when you write , we 'll tell you how to claim and what evidence is [] .

This is an area where you set out the charts and graphics to be used in the show and shuffle them into the required order , adding different types of transition effects between  slides  .
this is an area where you set out the charts and graphics to be used in the show and shuffle them into the [] order , adding different types of transition effects between  slides  .

In Essex at least they would have been required for aliens only .
in essex at least they would have been [] for aliens only .

So most certificates distinguish only the clergy , as was required , and the gentry were bound to be noticed as landowners and the lords of many other men .
so most certificates distinguish only the clergy , as was [] , and the gentry were bound to be noticed as landowners and the lords of many other men .

Although it is not certain that property qualifications were required for liverymen , several companies are known to have imposed minima for admission to their freedom .
although it is not certain that property qualifications were [] for liverymen , several companies are known to have imposed minima for admission to their freedom .

Fullers and carpenters required 20 marks for admission to the livery in the late fifteenth century , but in each case the total number of assessments was much less than the number in the contemporary lists , twenty-six and twenty-four respectively , compared with between thirty and forty .
fullers and carpenters [] 20 marks for admission to the livery in the late fifteenth century , but in each case the total number of assessments was much less than the number in the contemporary lists , twenty-six and twenty-four respectively , compared with between thirty and forty .

Big undertakings like Sheffield and Worth only required twenty or thirty men each , and of course for just a few weeks at a time .
big undertakings like sheffield and worth only [] twenty or thirty men each , and of course for just a few weeks at a time .

Other strategies are required .
other strategies are [] .

His stress on Marxism as a historical method that presupposed and required the idea of totality initiated a course that determined the history of Western Marxism to our own day .
his stress on marxism as a historical method that presupposed and [] the idea of totality initiated a course that determined the history of western marxism to our own day .

Though this neatly solves the problem of how man can make history while at the same time history makes him , it does not answer the larger question of how a multiplicity of the products of individual acts ,  totalizations  , can themselves be totalized into the overall totalization required by the logic of dialectical rationality  rather than being the arbitrary , blind and self-cancelling movements of , say , Hardy 's immanent will .
though this neatly solves the problem of how man can make history while at the same time history makes him , it does not answer the larger question of how a multiplicity of the products of individual acts ,  totalizations  , can themselves be totalized into the overall totalization [] by the logic of dialectical rationality  rather than being the arbitrary , blind and self-cancelling movements of , say , hardy 's immanent will .

The  singular universal  , with its organicist and essentialist overtones whereby the part incarnates the whole , is thus the product of Sartre 's hesitation between the singular , which remains privileged as the existential basis of history , and the universal which as a Marxist he feels is required for its intelligibility and validation .
the  singular universal  , with its organicist and essentialist overtones whereby the part incarnates the whole , is thus the product of sartre 's hesitation between the singular , which remains privileged as the existential basis of history , and the universal which as a marxist he feels is [] for its intelligibility and validation .

The thematic of historicity  has always been required by the determination of Being as presence  History has always been conceived as the movement of a resumption of history , as a detour between two presences .
the thematic of historicity  has always been [] by the determination of being as presence  history has always been conceived as the movement of a resumption of history , as a detour between two presences .

New concepts  such as patriarchy as a form of oppression  were required .
new concepts  such as patriarchy as a form of oppression  were [] .

To translate this new legal status into political action would have required an organised support basis and this did not exist .
to translate this new legal status into political action would have [] an organised support basis and this did not exist .

Wellington knew from bitter experience that he would be required to make so much conversation at the Duchess 's ball that his supper would inevitably congeal on its plate .
wellington knew from bitter experience that he would be [] to make so much conversation at the duchess 's ball that his supper would inevitably congeal on its plate .

The men employed on the road were to be given notice that they would be required to work from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. , each being allowed one hour for breakfast and one hour for dinner .
the men employed on the road were to be given notice that they would be [] to work from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. , each being allowed one hour for breakfast and one hour for dinner .

The consent of two-thirds of the directors of the House of Industry was necessary before the building could be transferred , and after the Mayor , Dr. George Witt , had met in  a somewhat private way  with the Commissioner , a special meeting was called to obtain the required number of signatures .
the consent of two-thirds of the directors of the house of industry was necessary before the building could be transferred , and after the mayor , dr. george witt , had met in  a somewhat private way  with the commissioner , a special meeting was called to obtain the [] number of signatures .

The Board had decided that , in the event of a married man being elected ( the matron was remaining in post ) , his wife would be required to live in the house with him , and 15 per annum would be deducted from his salary in respect of her maintenance .
the board had decided that , in the event of a married man being elected ( the matron was remaining in post ) , his wife would be [] to live in the house with him , and 15 per annum would be deducted from his salary in respect of her maintenance .

In 1893 , it was found necessary to perform a minor operation on one of the inmates , for which the administration of  laughing gas  was required .
in 1893 , it was found necessary to perform a minor operation on one of the inmates , for which the administration of  laughing gas  was [] .

Separate day and night attendants for the lunatics were to be engaged as required , and the master was told that as far as possible fresh water should be provided for bathing each casual .
separate day and night attendants for the lunatics were to be engaged as [] , and the master was told that as far as possible fresh water should be provided for bathing each casual .

  considered that a casual with a skilled trade may have his efficiency seriously impaired by being required to break stones and may , in order to avoid this task , feel compelled to sleep out or to commit some other offence against the law ; that it is impossible to expect the officer in charge of a casual ward to discriminate between men for whom the task would or would not be suitable , and that this would lay him open to accusations of favouritism or vindictiveness ; that the task could rarely be made a profitable one , and is repugnant to the class of workers most liable to unemployment , being looked upon by them as having penal associations and as entirely deterrent .  )
  considered that a casual with a skilled trade may have his efficiency seriously impaired by being [] to break stones and may , in order to avoid this task , feel compelled to sleep out or to commit some other offence against the law ; that it is impossible to expect the officer in charge of a casual ward to discriminate between men for whom the task would or would not be suitable , and that this would lay him open to accusations of favouritism or vindictiveness ; that the task could rarely be made a profitable one , and is repugnant to the class of workers most liable to unemployment , being looked upon by them as having penal associations and as entirely deterrent .  )

Structural work had to be restricted to  the minimum compatible with the provision of a reasonable standard of protection for the ambulant patients and the staff not required to remain on duty  .
structural work had to be restricted to  the minimum compatible with the provision of a reasonable standard of protection for the ambulant patients and the staff not [] to remain on duty  .

The committee made no comment but as far as can be ascertained , no action was taken ; more urgent matters required attention .
the committee made no comment but as far as can be ascertained , no action was taken ; more urgent matters [] attention .

Twelve bedsteads were urgently required and were ordered from Messrs. Kilpin and Leach ; the mattresses and ticking for them were obtained from the House of Industry .
twelve bedsteads were urgently [] and were ordered from messrs. kilpin and leach ; the mattresses and ticking for them were obtained from the house of industry .

In presenting learning tasks and information to pupils a flexible organisation is required and children need training to be as independent as possible when working without direct supervision .
in presenting learning tasks and information to pupils a flexible organisation is [] and children need training to be as independent as possible when working without direct supervision .

People with disabilities are still heavily under-represented in further education , and training and imaginative efforts are required to correct this .
people with disabilities are still heavily under-represented in further education , and training and imaginative efforts are [] to correct this .

Providing the classes at adult centres is a positive move towards integration , but the teaching required in the classroom is specialised and is generally done in separate classes .
providing the classes at adult centres is a positive move towards integration , but the teaching [] in the classroom is specialised and is generally done in separate classes .

Tutors are appointed as and when required and this makes it possible to set up new classes without too much preamble .
tutors are appointed as and when [] and this makes it possible to set up new classes without too much preamble .

The question was whether supporting the teacher on this basis might lead to the required change in his attitude , help him to see the situation in a new light , and thus affect his perception of the problem .
the question was whether supporting the teacher on this basis might lead to the [] change in his attitude , help him to see the situation in a new light , and thus affect his perception of the problem .

Over and above the skills required to develop effective joint problem-solving groups , however , trainee consultants also need to become aware of what is involved in setting them up .
over and above the skills [] to develop effective joint problem-solving groups , however , trainee consultants also need to become aware of what is involved in setting them up .

( 5 ) It shall be the duty of the governors , in the case of a county or voluntary school , and of the local education authority by whom the school is maintained , in the case of a maintained nursery school ( a ) to use their best endeavours , in exercising their functions in relation to the school , to secure that if any registered pupil has special education needs the special educational provision that is required for him is made ( b ) to secure that , where the responsible person has been informed by the local education authority that a registered pupil has special needs these are made known to all who are likely to teach him ; and ( c ) to secure that the teachers in the school are aware of the importance of identifying , and providing for , those registered pupils who have special educational needs .
( 5 ) it shall be the duty of the governors , in the case of a county or voluntary school , and of the local education authority by whom the school is maintained , in the case of a maintained nursery school ( a ) to use their best endeavours , in exercising their functions in relation to the school , to secure that if any registered pupil has special education needs the special educational provision that is [] for him is made ( b ) to secure that , where the responsible person has been informed by the local education authority that a registered pupil has special needs these are made known to all who are likely to teach him ; and ( c ) to secure that the teachers in the school are aware of the importance of identifying , and providing for , those registered pupils who have special educational needs .

They are , therefore , not required by law to have governing bodies although some LEAs , including Berkshire , established such bodies some years ago and have subsequently applied most of the requirements of legislation to the ways in which they conduct their affairs .
they are , therefore , not [] by law to have governing bodies although some leas , including berkshire , established such bodies some years ago and have subsequently applied most of the requirements of legislation to the ways in which they conduct their affairs .

In the context of special need this means selecting competent , adaptable and understanding staff who are sensitive to the needs which present themselves in the school and who are prepared to undertake the study and training required to keep pace with developments .
in the context of special need this means selecting competent , adaptable and understanding staff who are sensitive to the needs which present themselves in the school and who are prepared to undertake the study and training [] to keep pace with developments .

In the context of a head 's report dealing with special needs the decision required could relate to anything from the building of a new unit to the provision of additional welfare or teaching assistance for an individual pupil .
in the context of a head 's report dealing with special needs the decision [] could relate to anything from the building of a new unit to the provision of additional welfare or teaching assistance for an individual pupil .

Hodgson et al ( 1984 ) also found that some schools required qualifications whereas others looked for personal qualities such as flexibility and good interpersonal skills .
hodgson et al ( 1984 ) also found that some schools [] qualifications whereas others looked for personal qualities such as flexibility and good interpersonal skills .

The study focused on welfare assistants working with children with special educational needs in ordinary primary schools and aimed to identify background experience , previous training and qualifications ; conditions of service and appointment procedures ; general duties and specific activities undertaken ; opinions about the usefulness of these activities to both pupils and teachers ; assistants ' role preferences ; and views regarding the kind of support and training required for effective service delivery .
the study focused on welfare assistants working with children with special educational needs in ordinary primary schools and aimed to identify background experience , previous training and qualifications ; conditions of service and appointment procedures ; general duties and specific activities undertaken ; opinions about the usefulness of these activities to both pupils and teachers ; assistants ' role preferences ; and views regarding the kind of support and training [] for effective service delivery .

psychology can not , for purposes of self-definition , prejudge that which it is required to judge .
psychology can not , for purposes of self-definition , prejudge that which it is [] to judge .

It was a simple attempt to bring the plane down , but one that required sound engineering knowledge .
it was a simple attempt to bring the plane down , but one that [] sound engineering knowledge .

Consequently , their partly decomposed forms  peat  can not contain much by way of those nutrients that are required by higher plant forms like roses .
consequently , their partly decomposed forms  peat  can not contain much by way of those nutrients that are [] by higher plant forms like roses .

 Some people are more religious than others ; what is required is some scale along which people who are more or less active can be distributed .
 some people are more religious than others ; what is [] is some scale along which people who are more or less active can be distributed .

 1 Researcher acts as observer  physically present at the event which he observes , but does not really participate in it  2 Researcher participates , but as researcher  participation is determined by his research interests , rather than by the roles required in the situation he is studying  3 Researcher participates  the researcher temporarily abdicates his study role and becomes a  real  participant .
 1 researcher acts as observer  physically present at the event which he observes , but does not really participate in it  2 researcher participates , but as researcher  participation is determined by his research interests , rather than by the roles [] in the situation he is studying  3 researcher participates  the researcher temporarily abdicates his study role and becomes a  real  participant .

, is required by law to fill in the questionnaire on behalf of everybody in the household , or at least to ensure that they fill in one for themselves .
, is [] by law to fill in the questionnaire on behalf of everybody in the household , or at least to ensure that they fill in one for themselves .

Caradryel told them that if the Elves in the Old World required the protection of the armies of Ulthuan then they should return to the island continent .
caradryel told them that if the elves in the old world [] the protection of the armies of ulthuan then they should return to the island continent .

Every Elf city was required to have a martial field where its soldiers could train and fight mock battles .
every elf city was [] to have a martial field where its soldiers could train and fight mock battles .

Charlotte and Luke had managed school perfectly well , had made friends , had slipped effortlessly in and out of all the required fads and fashions .
charlotte and luke had managed school perfectly well , had made friends , had slipped effortlessly in and out of all the [] fads and fashions .

Through the wall came the thump of rock music which was Luke 's required accompaniment to doing his .
through the wall came the thump of rock music which was luke 's [] accompaniment to doing his .

The planning and organization required to lead the media and so define the  real  issues and their meaning are outside the scope of  powerless  individuals .
the planning and organization [] to lead the media and so define the  real  issues and their meaning are outside the scope of  powerless  individuals .

In the 1830s , for example , every newspaper publisher was required to pay a duty on each newspaper published , a duty on each advertisement , as well as a small paper duty .
in the 1830s , for example , every newspaper publisher was [] to pay a duty on each newspaper published , a duty on each advertisement , as well as a small paper duty .

These reductions in the labour power required to produce newspapers inevitably impact on the cost structures of the media groups concerned .
these reductions in the labour power [] to produce newspapers inevitably impact on the cost structures of the media groups concerned .

If ( as is normally the case ) you are required to make a contribution , this will be deducted from your pay before you receive it .
if ( as is normally the case ) you are [] to make a contribution , this will be deducted from your pay before you receive it .

The proviso whereby it was possible for some individuals to enjoy an enhanced accrual scale to qualify for full pension benefits after 10 years of service was altered in the 1987 Budget  with a new period of 20 years ' service being required .
the proviso whereby it was possible for some individuals to enjoy an enhanced accrual scale to qualify for full pension benefits after 10 years of service was altered in the 1987 budget  with a new period of 20 years ' service being [] .

In March 1987 a new rule was introduced , whereby anyone with earnings of more than 100,000 who joined a new pension scheme was required to base their final salary assessment on their average earnings over any three consecutive years over the last ten .
in march 1987 a new rule was introduced , whereby anyone with earnings of more than 100,000 who joined a new pension scheme was [] to base their final salary assessment on their average earnings over any three consecutive years over the last ten .

Sometimes too , although this is becoming less common , there is a minimum period of service required before you can join .
sometimes too , although this is becoming less common , there is a minimum period of service [] before you can join .

Normally , any contributions you are making to the scheme will cease to be required and your pension ( which will not be paid until you retire ) will be increased to compensate for its deferment .
normally , any contributions you are making to the scheme will cease to be [] and your pension ( which will not be paid until you retire ) will be increased to compensate for its deferment .

Although all life and pension policy providers are now required by law to state their charges in writing , it is often extremely difficult for a lay person to work out exactly what is involved ; or to make meaningful comparisons between one organisation 's charges and another 's .
although all life and pension policy providers are now [] by law to state their charges in writing , it is often extremely difficult for a lay person to work out exactly what is involved ; or to make meaningful comparisons between one organisation 's charges and another 's .

As a result of recent changes in the law , employers are required to treat men and women equally with regard to retirement and pension issues .
as a result of recent changes in the law , employers are [] to treat men and women equally with regard to retirement and pension issues .

The law is still somewhat ambiguous as to precisely what arrangements employers arc required to make , as several key points are awaiting clarification in the European Court of Justice .
the law is still somewhat ambiguous as to precisely what arrangements employers arc [] to make , as several key points are awaiting clarification in the european court of justice .

You may be required to invest in a local business .
you may be [] to invest in a local business .

The recognition that managers needed training in order to acquire the necessary skills to manage effectively implicitly accepted that such skills could be moved around and injected into businesses when required .
the recognition that managers needed training in order to acquire the necessary skills to manage effectively implicitly accepted that such skills could be moved around and injected into businesses when [] .

But except for the very largest corporations with the most extensive resources , the majority of organisations have seen the wisdom  and overall cost-benefit  of bringing in outside experts when required .
but except for the very largest corporations with the most extensive resources , the majority of organisations have seen the wisdom  and overall cost-benefit  of bringing in outside experts when [] .

It called  on the whole  for people different from those associated with the old-boy network , generally different from the type of people who responded to advertisements , and required a new approach to recruitment .
it called  on the whole  for people different from those associated with the old-boy network , generally different from the type of people who responded to advertisements , and [] a new approach to recruitment .

It required fewer people who could pass the port in the right way , and more people who would have the drive , energy , initiative and sheer guts actually to make money for the shareholders and themselves in a recessionary environment .
it [] fewer people who could pass the port in the right way , and more people who would have the drive , energy , initiative and sheer guts actually to make money for the shareholders and themselves in a recessionary environment .

There may well be differences of view amongst Board members on the matter of the type of person required and the future role .
there may well be differences of view amongst board members on the matter of the type of person [] and the future role .

Other specialist firms were employed when required .
other specialist firms were employed when [] .

The only point at which exact translation is required is translation of the objective in legal discourse into the client 's chosen outcome .
the only point at which exact translation is [] is translation of the objective in legal discourse into the client 's chosen outcome .

 Unmet legal need  , an increasingly fashionable term , required action on the part of the profession .
 unmet legal need  , an increasingly fashionable term , [] action on the part of the profession .

Private practitioners recognised that there might come a time when alternative sources of income would be required to replace or supplement the high-return , conveyancing market .
private practitioners recognised that there might come a time when alternative sources of income would be [] to replace or supplement the high-return , conveyancing market .

 If conveyancing is to decline something will be required to fill the void and this can not develop overnight ( Bolton Law Society 1974 ; Blatch 1966 ) .
 if conveyancing is to decline something will be [] to fill the void and this can not develop overnight ( bolton law society 1974 ; blatch 1966 ) .

The repercussions of alienating another solicitor in this matter might well be serious on other occasions in practice when a favour or understanding is required .
the repercussions of alienating another solicitor in this matter might well be serious on other occasions in practice when a favour or understanding is [] .

In fact , the level of independence of inputs required for this sort of system to produce double dissociations is only likely to be achieved if it is composed of complementary modules .
in fact , the level of independence of inputs [] for this sort of system to produce double dissociations is only likely to be achieved if it is composed of complementary modules .

It is too early to say whether this is the way the brain works but , as Rolls ( 1987 ) points out , it would make a lot of sense of a lot of uninterpretable data if it was ; it also makes sense on logical grounds , since it gets round the problems associated with grandmother cells , like the problem of perceiving novel objects and the complexities of arranging the massive degree of convergence of input required for grandmother cells to work .
it is too early to say whether this is the way the brain works but , as rolls ( 1987 ) points out , it would make a lot of sense of a lot of uninterpretable data if it was ; it also makes sense on logical grounds , since it gets round the problems associated with grandmother cells , like the problem of perceiving novel objects and the complexities of arranging the massive degree of convergence of input [] for grandmother cells to work .

Instead , the factor that most influences the outcome of inferotemporal cortex lesions is not memory load but whether or not the animals are required to categorize the stimuli before making their choices ( Dean 1982 ) .
instead , the factor that most influences the outcome of inferotemporal cortex lesions is not memory load but whether or not the animals are [] to categorize the stimuli before making their choices ( dean 1982 ) .

Flame control : a certain amount of finesse is required to fine tune the heat output .
flame control : a certain amount of finesse is [] to fine tune the heat output .

The term  loft  is used to describe the ability of the filling to expand within the shell construction to produce the required layer of still air .
the term  loft  is used to describe the ability of the filling to expand within the shell construction to produce the [] layer of still air .

Loft : The term used to describe the ability of the filling to expand within the confines of the shell construction , thus producing the required layer of still air for insulation .
loft : the term used to describe the ability of the filling to expand within the confines of the shell construction , thus producing the [] layer of still air for insulation .

This was not quite all that was required for the smooth working of the world economy which was at its height in 1914 .
this was not quite all that was [] for the smooth working of the world economy which was at its height in 1914 .

One of these was that the state should make laws as required .
one of these was that the state should make laws as [] .

It was also a country which consciously rejected the  continental Sunday  and whose Grand Lodge of Freemasons severed contact with the French Grand Orient when French freemasonry no longer required of its members a belief in the Grand Architect of the Universe .
it was also a country which consciously rejected the  continental sunday  and whose grand lodge of freemasons severed contact with the french grand orient when french freemasonry no longer [] of its members a belief in the grand architect of the universe .

At this point appeared a major difference from Napoleonic warfare : much more skilled staff work was now required .
at this point appeared a major difference from napoleonic warfare : much more skilled staff work was now [] .

Effective deployment of the larger reserves which this system made available required intricate staff work .
effective deployment of the larger reserves which this system made available [] intricate staff work .

He may know the difference between a tractor which works and one which does not , but he can not know how many tractors are required , what sort of tractors to build , and where they are most needed .
he may know the difference between a tractor which works and one which does not , but he can not know how many tractors are [] , what sort of tractors to build , and where they are most needed .

Soviet economists estimate that with state of the art computer technology , ten years of work would be required to produce each one-year plan .
soviet economists estimate that with state of the art computer technology , ten years of work would be [] to produce each one-year plan .

There is no small irony in this , as applications to purchase foreign technology in the first place will only be approved if the relevant Soviet machine building ministry can not produce something of the appropriate standard and quantity in the time required .
there is no small irony in this , as applications to purchase foreign technology in the first place will only be approved if the relevant soviet machine building ministry can not produce something of the appropriate standard and quantity in the time [] .

Given the generic distortions of output and distribution in such systems , high rates of growth are required to keep the overall machinery lubricated and in motion .
given the generic distortions of output and distribution in such systems , high rates of growth are [] to keep the overall machinery lubricated and in motion .

In the broadest sense , the Soviet triumph was a confirmation of the strength of Socialist society : a triumph which would have proved impossible but for mass mobilisation , centralised control and the military-industrial recovery which they produced ; but this triumph also required a regime capable of decisive action against its internal opponents .
in the broadest sense , the soviet triumph was a confirmation of the strength of socialist society : a triumph which would have proved impossible but for mass mobilisation , centralised control and the military-industrial recovery which they produced ; but this triumph also [] a regime capable of decisive action against its internal opponents .

Sometimes , where a richer effect was required , a veneer of thin slabs of veined gypsum was added .
sometimes , where a richer effect was [] , a veneer of thin slabs of veined gypsum was added .

It may be that the temples , through their bureaucracy , were able to set quotas on production in the rural villages ; these may have been specified taxes , or tribute , or they may have been expressed as required offerings .
it may be that the temples , through their bureaucracy , were able to set quotas on production in the rural villages ; these may have been specified taxes , or tribute , or they may have been expressed as [] offerings .

Quite how independent they were of other craftsmen , particularly in the temples , is impossible to judge , but the fact that many objects  and especially the cult objects  required the shared expertise of several different crafts implies collaboration .
quite how independent they were of other craftsmen , particularly in the temples , is impossible to judge , but the fact that many objects  and especially the cult objects  [] the shared expertise of several different crafts implies collaboration .

More often , religious ceremonies required special clothes .
more often , religious ceremonies [] special clothes .

Gaining enough height and momentum for the somersault would have required the energy of a team of acrobats to propel him up and over the horns .
gaining enough height and momentum for the somersault would have [] the energy of a team of acrobats to propel him up and over the horns .

As well as a basic management framework a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client/server application management and operations management .
as well as a basic management framework a variety of applications are [] to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client/server application management and operations management .

It studies a human subject who Transcendental reflection is not required for dealing with what Quine takes to be the traditional concerns of epistemology .
it studies a human subject who transcendental reflection is not [] for dealing with what quine takes to be the traditional concerns of epistemology .

In proposing hypotheses , people are guided by knowledge of past failures , by analogies with theories that have been successful in handling related subject matters ; Peirce 's  affinity  between mind and nature is an allusion to something which is required to explain the speed of the growth of knowledge ; and testing theories is an intentional activity which appeals to general cognitive aims  to describe reality , anticipate experience , solve problems , produce elegant and simple formalisms , etc .
in proposing hypotheses , people are guided by knowledge of past failures , by analogies with theories that have been successful in handling related subject matters ; peirce 's  affinity  between mind and nature is an allusion to something which is [] to explain the speed of the growth of knowledge ; and testing theories is an intentional activity which appeals to general cognitive aims  to describe reality , anticipate experience , solve problems , produce elegant and simple formalisms , etc .

Now although in evolutionary terms , given the amounts of genetic variability usually at hand , it is likely that such behaviour has been arbitrary in the required sense ( witness Apis mellifera v. Apis florica ) , one must concede the conceptual point here .
now although in evolutionary terms , given the amounts of genetic variability usually at hand , it is likely that such behaviour has been arbitrary in the [] sense ( witness apis mellifera v. apis florica ) , one must concede the conceptual point here .

On the account advanced by Sampson , especially with the substitution of Montague grammar for Chomskian , there is no need to appeal to innate linguistic abilities any more specialised than those required for general problem solving .
on the account advanced by sampson , especially with the substitution of montague grammar for chomskian , there is no need to appeal to innate linguistic abilities any more specialised than those [] for general problem solving .

This tendency on the part of adults could no doubt also be selected for , once language was entrenched enough to exert the required pressures .
this tendency on the part of adults could no doubt also be selected for , once language was entrenched enough to exert the [] pressures .

So a kingfisher experimentally required to dive into oil might starve to death , like newborn chicks provided with distorting goggles that shift the light five degrees to the right , who never learn to peck for grains of corn in the right place ( Hess 1956 ) .
so a kingfisher experimentally [] to dive into oil might starve to death , like newborn chicks provided with distorting goggles that shift the light five degrees to the right , who never learn to peck for grains of corn in the right place ( hess 1956 ) .

Can two chimps cooperate in the solution of a task , perhaps using artificial symbols as publicly observable indicators of the tool that is required at a given stage of the problem ?
can two chimps cooperate in the solution of a task , perhaps using artificial symbols as publicly observable indicators of the tool that is [] at a given stage of the problem ?

First of all , it is assumed that in any mode of production where surplus value is not returned to the producers but is taken by other members of society , some justification of this distribution of wealth is required .
first of all , it is assumed that in any mode of production where surplus value is not returned to the producers but is taken by other members of society , some justification of this distribution of wealth is [] .

For it seems that some assurance is required that societies have and must have this structure .
for it seems that some assurance is [] that societies have and must have this structure .

Epistandard rates of evolution are required to make up the loss through extinction .
epistandard rates of evolution are [] to make up the loss through extinction .

Part of the input dealt with the required establishment of an equilibrium diversity .
part of the input dealt with the [] establishment of an equilibrium diversity .

There is in fact evidence to indicate that regressions at intermediate and small scales correlate with coordinated extinction events in particular fossil groups ( e.g. Hallam , 1978 ; Williamson , 1981 ) but much more work is required to establish how generally such a relationship holds .
there is in fact evidence to indicate that regressions at intermediate and small scales correlate with coordinated extinction events in particular fossil groups ( e.g. hallam , 1978 ; williamson , 1981 ) but much more work is [] to establish how generally such a relationship holds .

Perhaps the Pleistocene sea-level falls , though dramatically rapid in geological terms , were too short-lived to have the kind of environmental impact required to cause extinction .
perhaps the pleistocene sea-level falls , though dramatically rapid in geological terms , were too short-lived to have the kind of environmental impact [] to cause extinction .

Imagine civil servants working in a capital city and trying to make all the decisions required for running a large country .
imagine civil servants working in a capital city and trying to make all the decisions [] for running a large country .

On their own they are too clumsy in their form of regulation to provide the necessary adaptations , especially those required for social living .
on their own they are too clumsy in their form of regulation to provide the necessary adaptations , especially those [] for social living .

Grimm , a born technologist himself  as were all Squats  had pointed out that this eye-screen required psychic input from the operator .
grimm , a born technologist himself  as were all squats  had pointed out that this eye-screen [] psychic input from the operator .

Premack 's plastic tokens which Sarah , his only real success , was required to arrange in series on the magnetised slate , were designed to discover the extent to which she could make judgements about the qualities of objects ; for example ,  the apple is red and round  .
premack 's plastic tokens which sarah , his only real success , was [] to arrange in series on the magnetised slate , were designed to discover the extent to which she could make judgements about the qualities of objects ; for example ,  the apple is red and round  .

Yet he later seems to qualify this , in the case of animals :  It does seem that we are not required to give strict justice anyway to creatures lacking this capacity  ( 512 ) .
yet he later seems to qualify this , in the case of animals :  it does seem that we are not [] to give strict justice anyway to creatures lacking this capacity  ( 512 ) .

But the inclusive nature of this category required that comparisons be limited to the most severe cases ; those lacking any semblance of human capability .
but the inclusive nature of this category [] that comparisons be limited to the most severe cases ; those lacking any semblance of human capability .

If we are required to make a decision which has consequences for other people , and if we wish to treat them properly , then it is vital that we take into account their own views on the matter .
if we are [] to make a decision which has consequences for other people , and if we wish to treat them properly , then it is vital that we take into account their own views on the matter .

If the strict regulations in most western countries governing the transportation , temporary holding , and eventual killing of farm animals , were more effectively policed , and often inadequately staffed inspectorates brought up to required strength , then mistreatment could be all but abolished .
if the strict regulations in most western countries governing the transportation , temporary holding , and eventual killing of farm animals , were more effectively policed , and often inadequately staffed inspectorates brought up to [] strength , then mistreatment could be all but abolished .

What with all the forms to fill out and papers to file , it looks like the Novell Inc/Unix System Labs acquisition wo n't be formally closed until June , two or three months later than they originally figured : they should have the required stockholders meeting scheduled in the next 30 days .
what with all the forms to fill out and papers to file , it looks like the novell inc/unix system labs acquisition wo n't be formally closed until june , two or three months later than they originally figured : they should have the [] stockholders meeting scheduled in the next 30 days .

Loft : this is the ability of the filling to expand within the shell construction to trap the required still air to keep you warm and cosy .
loft : this is the ability of the filling to expand within the shell construction to trap the [] still air to keep you warm and cosy .

The drawcords on the fleece and the Merlin sleeping bag pull in freely and close tightly if required .
the drawcords on the fleece and the merlin sleeping bag pull in freely and close tightly if [] .

Gary 's expert advice , will also ensure that you can maintain your style throughout your wedding day and if required , adapt it for your honeymoon .
gary 's expert advice , will also ensure that you can maintain your style throughout your wedding day and if [] , adapt it for your honeymoon .

He was prepared , even though reluctantly , to do what his mother required .
he was prepared , even though reluctantly , to do what his mother [] .

It was more than was strictly required .
it was more than was strictly [] .

After some periods of discouragement , attempts to put things right and make the effort needed to achieve the kinds of adjustment required for mutual happiness are often postponed , then shelved .
after some periods of discouragement , attempts to put things right and make the effort needed to achieve the kinds of adjustment [] for mutual happiness are often postponed , then shelved .

What are proper grounds for divorce ? As the law stands in England and Wales there is only one ground , namely that the marriage has irretrievably broken down . In order to demonstrate this breakdown , proof is required for one or more of these five facts :
what are proper grounds for divorce ? as the law stands in england and wales there is only one ground , namely that the marriage has irretrievably broken down . in order to demonstrate this breakdown , proof is [] for one or more of these five facts :

No , here a modicum of route-finding skill may be required , particularly if you choose to sample the routes described briefly below , for several must be located from the top .
no , here a modicum of route-finding skill may be [] , particularly if you choose to sample the routes described briefly below , for several must be located from the top .

It was felt at that meeting that another bolt debate was required to further air the views of all parties active in the Clwyd arena .
it was felt at that meeting that another bolt debate was [] to further air the views of all parties active in the clwyd arena .

While the hull price of a 707 may be low , the number of people required to support it is large and the capital required to purchase support equipment is larger still .
while the hull price of a 707 may be low , the number of people [] to support it is large and the capital [] to purchase support equipment is larger still .

Anti-corrosion treatments and a never-ceasing number of airframe , engine and systems modifications are required to keep the necessary standard .
anti-corrosion treatments and a never-ceasing number of airframe , engine and systems modifications are [] to keep the necessary standard .

Best known element of this operation is Air Atlantique , operators of a fleet of nine DC-3s and two DC-6s on specialist cargo and charter work anywhere they are required .
best known element of this operation is air atlantique , operators of a fleet of nine dc-3s and two dc-6s on specialist cargo and charter work anywhere they are [] .

determine whether any further information or tests are required for the intervention to be effective .
determine whether any further information or tests are [] for the intervention to be effective .

Parents will often pace what they reveal initially , giving only information that they feel is required .
parents will often pace what they reveal initially , giving only information that they feel is [] .

This may not be what is required at all and so careful and gentle questioning will be needed .
this may not be what is [] at all and so careful and gentle questioning will be needed .

Her parents required extensive help with accepting this and finding suitable ways of managing and playing with her .
her parents [] extensive help with accepting this and finding suitable ways of managing and playing with her .

If you suspect that the child is showing a delay in development then a more formal assessment may be required ; this should be discussed fully with the parents and their permission sought .
if you suspect that the child is showing a delay in development then a more formal assessment may be [] ; this should be discussed fully with the parents and their permission sought .

There is a continuum in family disturbance and the level of therapeutic input that is required .
there is a continuum in family disturbance and the level of therapeutic input that is [] .

The length of those sections will depend on the information required and the type of problem being recorded .
the length of those sections will depend on the information [] and the type of problem being recorded .

Charts should be designed to show the information that is required and so they can be creative .
charts should be designed to show the information that is [] and so they can be creative .

Some parents need help in identifying how they are reacting to their child and so professional observation of their interaction may be required .
some parents need help in identifying how they are reacting to their child and so professional observation of their interaction may be [] .

As full a picture as possible of the family and the child is required before therapeutic hypotheses can be made .
as full a picture as possible of the family and the child is [] before therapeutic hypotheses can be made .

She planned a chart where Emma would receive an animal sticker to stick on a wall chart when she had completed any of these required tasks .
she planned a chart where emma would receive an animal sticker to stick on a wall chart when she had completed any of these [] tasks .

If a weaning process is required , the parent can progressively increase the requirements for earning a sticker , for example two nights , then three , and then a week of dry beds before a sticker is allocated .
if a weaning process is [] , the parent can progressively increase the requirements for earning a sticker , for example two nights , then three , and then a week of dry beds before a sticker is allocated .

Parents may be too busy to attend to them or not fast enough in their reactions and understanding of what is required and so the child tantrums in desperation and anger .
parents may be too busy to attend to them or not fast enough in their reactions and understanding of what is [] and so the child tantrums in desperation and anger .

Parents may need help in learning how to ask their child to do what is required . They need to learn to
parents may need help in learning how to ask their child to do what is [] . they need to learn to

Labelling his feelings for him and brief sympathy was all that was required .
labelling his feelings for him and brief sympathy was all that was [] .

Details of daily nutritional intake are required .
details of daily nutritional intake are [] .

Special nutritional treatment may be required .
special nutritional treatment may be [] .

Further work with this family is required as Darren 's weight gain is not yet sufficient for him to thrive in the long term , but it demonstrates the intensity and the long-term nature of the help required .
further work with this family is [] as darren 's weight gain is not yet sufficient for him to thrive in the long term , but it demonstrates the intensity and the long-term nature of the help [] .

Simple guidelines about only eating at the table at meal-times and not snacking may be required .
simple guidelines about only eating at the table at meal-times and not snacking may be [] .

The mother was unaware of how much time and attention a young child required as she herself had a very deprived childhood in the West Indies where her role was as a maid to help her mother bring up her brothers and sisters .
the mother was unaware of how much time and attention a young child [] as she herself had a very deprived childhood in the west indies where her role was as a maid to help her mother bring up her brothers and sisters .

There is a required level of maturation of the mechanisms for the control of micturition . These include
there is a [] level of maturation of the mechanisms for the control of micturition . these include

They will provide the required 10mm air opening , ensuring a weatherproof and large insect-resistant airpath for roofs with pitches of 15 and over  which covers most houses in Britain .
they will provide the [] 10mm air opening , ensuring a weatherproof and large insect-resistant airpath for roofs with pitches of 15 and over  which covers most houses in britain .

Only 3 to 4in is required between the shower and the base of cold water storage tank .
only 3 to 4in is [] between the shower and the base of cold water storage tank .

Using the plastic clips supplied , attached the corner piece at the required height
using the plastic clips supplied , attached the corner piece at the [] height

This required a protective ornamental fender , usually of brass or copper , which usually matched a set of fire-irons ( small and long-handled shovel , poker , and long-handled tongs and brush ) .
this [] a protective ornamental fender , usually of brass or copper , which usually matched a set of fire-irons ( small and long-handled shovel , poker , and long-handled tongs and brush ) .

We 've tried these hangers ourselves , and found they worked exceedingly well on surfaces which normally required drilling and plugging .
we 've tried these hangers ourselves , and found they worked exceedingly well on surfaces which normally [] drilling and plugging .

Whether it 's a knitted or fabric item , suitable fillings will be required so we thought we would tell you about a couple of products from Abbey Quilting Ltd , a company which specialises in wadding and filling products for craftwork .
whether it 's a knitted or fabric item , suitable fillings will be [] so we thought we would tell you about a couple of products from abbey quilting ltd , a company which specialises in wadding and filling products for craftwork .

The armholes looked too short , the sleeves did n't look as if they would fit and the bust size was nowhere near the size that was required .
the armholes looked too short , the sleeves did n't look as if they would fit and the bust size was nowhere near the size that was [] .

she then  picks up  the open stitches ( a fine circular needle is wonderful for this ) , returns these stitches to the machine and knits a new rib ( going downwards ) or whatever is required .
she then  picks up  the open stitches ( a fine circular needle is wonderful for this ) , returns these stitches to the machine and knits a new rib ( going downwards ) or whatever is [] .

The work can then be spread out to the measurements required on the blocking board and just a few pins are needed to hold the wires into place .
the work can then be spread out to the measurements [] on the blocking board and just a few pins are needed to hold the wires into place .

Arrange needles for 11 rib over required number of needles .
arrange needles for 11 rib over [] number of needles .

Knit 6 rows * Repeat from * to * as many times as required .
knit 6 rows * repeat from * to * as many times as [] .

Work units submitted the numbers of new employees required each year and the state officials sent them along .
work units submitted the numbers of new employees [] each year and the state officials sent them along .

Success required dogged determination , academic ability , money , plenty of patience for dealing with the state bureaucracy and some useful contacts or  guanxi  , i.e .
success [] dogged determination , academic ability , money , plenty of patience for dealing with the state bureaucracy and some useful contacts or  guanxi  , i.e .

Gradually more and more refinement of the behaviour is required until the child is able to complete it without the model .
gradually more and more refinement of the behaviour is [] until the child is able to complete it without the model .

The amount of force required is that which immobilises the child without causing pain or physical damage .
the amount of force [] is that which immobilises the child without causing pain or physical damage .

Time is appropriate where the child is required to do something at or by a particular time .
time is appropriate where the child is [] to do something at or by a particular time .

At the start of week 2 the required time to go to bed was reduced by half an hour and Keith was rewarded only if this new time was achieved .
at the start of week 2 the [] time to go to bed was reduced by half an hour and keith was rewarded only if this new time was achieved .

Very often assessment of a child 's language is required in order that it can be presented to other professionals who are seeking to help that child .
very often assessment of a child 's language is [] in order that it can be presented to other professionals who are seeking to help that child .

Some linguistic abilities may not be detected , not because the child is not able to demonstrate them , but simply because the occasion did not arise where they were required .
some linguistic abilities may not be detected , not because the child is not able to demonstrate them , but simply because the occasion did not arise where they were [] .

For example , in the British Picture Vocabulary Test , the child is required to point manually or to eye-point to indicate her selection from a set of pictures .
for example , in the british picture vocabulary test , the child is [] to point manually or to eye-point to indicate her selection from a set of pictures .

( 1973 ) also argued that grammatical errors were less frequent and less systematic within an imitation task , compared to an activity in which a child was required to match a sentence to a picture and say the sentence .
( 1973 ) also argued that grammatical errors were less frequent and less systematic within an imitation task , compared to an activity in which a child was [] to match a sentence to a picture and say the sentence .

Furthermore , because the child is provided with simplified situations which have been specifically designed to help the child understand what is required , it might be argued that elicitation procedures should provide an optimal measure of performance .
furthermore , because the child is provided with simplified situations which have been specifically designed to help the child understand what is [] , it might be argued that elicitation procedures should provide an optimal measure of performance .

The purpose of preparing a transcript is to present , in print , as complete a record of the taped material as is required for the particular assessment :  It provides the foundation of ; 11 subsequent analyses and , as such , its importance can not be over estimated  ( Crystal 1984 ) .
the purpose of preparing a transcript is to present , in print , as complete a record of the taped material as is [] for the particular assessment :  it provides the foundation of ; 11 subsequent analyses and , as such , its importance can not be over estimated  ( crystal 1984 ) .

The teacher or therapist is required to indicate whether or not each item characterises the target child .
the teacher or therapist is [] to indicate whether or not each item characterises the target child .

In some charts a distinction is made , in terms of the reliability of the child 's performance , so that the practitioner is required to indicate whether the child regularly demonstrates the particular skill or only sometimes .
in some charts a distinction is made , in terms of the reliability of the child 's performance , so that the practitioner is [] to indicate whether the child regularly demonstrates the particular skill or only sometimes .

Because of the claims made by test constructors in relation to the numerical scores which can be derived from tests and the very considerable technical demands required to meet these assessment objectives , it is necessary to evaluate language tests against a number of well-established criteria ( McCauley and Swisher 1984 ) .
because of the claims made by test constructors in relation to the numerical scores which can be derived from tests and the very considerable technical demands [] to meet these assessment objectives , it is necessary to evaluate language tests against a number of well-established criteria ( mccauley and swisher 1984 ) .

The child is then required to retell the story , using the pictures as a guideline , in the expectation that the child will repeat the key words which contain the target phonemes .
the child is then [] to retell the story , using the pictures as a guideline , in the expectation that the child will repeat the key words which contain the target phonemes .

For instance , in the third set ( subject-object nouns ) the child is presented with a sentence  such as ,  The duck is splashing the frog   and is required to select from two pictures , one of which shows a duck splashing a frog , and the other a frog splashing a duck .
for instance , in the third set ( subject-object nouns ) the child is presented with a sentence  such as ,  the duck is splashing the frog   and is [] to select from two pictures , one of which shows a duck splashing a frog , and the other a frog splashing a duck .

The principal innovation associated with this test ( Berry and Mittler 1984 ) is that , instead of pointing in response to a word or sentence , the child is required to imitate a sentence spoken by the adult .
the principal innovation associated with this test ( berry and mittler 1984 ) is that , instead of pointing in response to a word or sentence , the child is [] to imitate a sentence spoken by the adult .

No test materials other than the scoring sheet are required .
no test materials other than the scoring sheet are [] .

shape and required to select one from an array ) .
shape and [] to select one from an array ) .

visual motor association ( the child is required to find
visual motor association ( the child is [] to find

grammatical closure ( the child is required to complete unfinished sentences ) ;
grammatical closure ( the child is [] to complete unfinished sentences ) ;

visual closure ( the child is required to identify a
visual closure ( the child is [] to identify a

auditory closure ( the child is required to identify a word when only parts of it are spoken , e.g.  tele  one  ) ;
auditory closure ( the child is [] to identify a word when only parts of it are spoken , e.g.  tele  one  ) ;

sound blending ( the child is required to identify a word when its syllables are pronounced with half-second intervals ) .
sound blending ( the child is [] to identify a word when its syllables are pronounced with half-second intervals ) .

What kind of response is the child required to make ?
what kind of response is the child [] to make ?

It may be fun , and on the harder routes it will certainly be physically demanding ; but it will lack adventure and risk ; will remove the judgement and skill required in the placement of protection ; will emasculate climbing of its quintessence .
it may be fun , and on the harder routes it will certainly be physically demanding ; but it will lack adventure and risk ; will remove the judgement and skill [] in the placement of protection ; will emasculate climbing of its quintessence .

Those who acquiesce in this cynical co-incidence of interest would do well to apply themselves to the conclusions of the recent Ramblers ' Association study on Birds and Walkers :  this work suggests that there is no reason to prohibit public access , but that careful management is required .
those who acquiesce in this cynical co-incidence of interest would do well to apply themselves to the conclusions of the recent ramblers ' association study on birds and walkers :  this work suggests that there is no reason to prohibit public access , but that careful management is [] .

The tunnel is running in several straight legs under Bristol , following a very small gradient to create the required flow .
the tunnel is running in several straight legs under bristol , following a very small gradient to create the [] flow .

This characteristic stems from the diversity of techniques required to climb the rock .
this characteristic stems from the diversity of techniques [] to climb the rock .

Although it is good to see the number of such facilities increasing in Scotland , it is sad to see some of these falling far short of the standards required .
although it is good to see the number of such facilities increasing in scotland , it is sad to see some of these falling far short of the standards [] .

Hold up to needles to estimate number of stitches required then deduct two at each end .
hold up to needles to estimate number of stitches [] then deduct two at each end .

Using an open doorway , screw in a hook at the centre of the door frame and suspend the skirt to the height required . There is plenty of room to work around it in safety and no clothes horse to fall over !
using an open doorway , screw in a hook at the centre of the door frame and suspend the skirt to the height [] . there is plenty of room to work around it in safety and no clothes horse to fall over !

Raglan seams can be designed with the same number of rows on both the armholes and body pieces if required ( so that patterns , stripes , decorative decreasings and so on , will match up at the seams ) , although a certain amount of trial and error with various measurements is necessary to achieve this .
raglan seams can be designed with the same number of rows on both the armholes and body pieces if [] ( so that patterns , stripes , decorative decreasings and so on , will match up at the seams ) , although a certain amount of trial and error with various measurements is necessary to achieve this .

If for example , you wanted to make a previously designed garment in a yarn or a stitch pattern that knits to a different tension , you would simply load the required file from the disk and enter the new tensions in place of the original ones .
if for example , you wanted to make a previously designed garment in a yarn or a stitch pattern that knits to a different tension , you would simply load the [] file from the disk and enter the new tensions in place of the original ones .

what is required , and what is lacking in the Zeitschrift essays , is a philosophical elucidation of thought on materialist presuppositions , which while overcoming Hegel 's idealism , does not fall below the level of insight he achieved .
what is [] , and what is lacking in the zeitschrift essays , is a philosophical elucidation of thought on materialist presuppositions , which while overcoming hegel 's idealism , does not fall below the level of insight he achieved .

If you have mastered cut and sew , this can be used for other shaping , for example by knitting a straight sleeve and cutting it to the shape required .
if you have mastered cut and sew , this can be used for other shaping , for example by knitting a straight sleeve and cutting it to the shape [] .

Start by estimating the number of needles required for the band .
start by estimating the number of needles [] for the band .

For a V-neck , join both shoulder seams and then estimate the number of needles required from centre front to centre back .
for a v-neck , join both shoulder seams and then estimate the number of needles [] from centre front to centre back .

Repeat from * to * to the required depth .
repeat from * to * to the [] depth .

Philip Larkin , in his book Required Writing , tells a peculiar story about judging a poetry competition where there were no love poems or nature poems .
philip larkin , in his book [] writing , tells a peculiar story about judging a poetry competition where there were no love poems or nature poems .

For rock it 's off to the beach  in our case probably Skegness which carries a wide variety of large pebbles of many geological types . Fortunately with shoaling fish open swimming space is required , not jungles of vegetation 
for rock it 's off to the beach  in our case probably skegness which carries a wide variety of large pebbles of many geological types . fortunately with shoaling fish open swimming space is [] , not jungles of vegetation 

So , with all systems working , the choice of fish can be taken from the categories listed in the final table . Although individual funds may permit more fish , please do not be tempted , unless these funds extend to progressively larger tanks are required !
so , with all systems working , the choice of fish can be taken from the categories listed in the final table . although individual funds may permit more fish , please do not be tempted , unless these funds extend to progressively larger tanks are [] !

It correctly stated at least 3 of strip glass was required , but did not say what thickness .
it correctly stated at least 3 of strip glass was [] , but did not say what thickness .

When cleaning is required , a good  hoover  to use is the air powered model marketed by Algarde , which costs around or so .
when cleaning is [] , a good  hoover  to use is the air powered model marketed by algarde , which costs around or so .

The detritus is deposited in a bag and the water re-circulated , so no topping up is required .
the detritus is deposited in a bag and the water re-circulated , so no topping up is [] .

It can easily be removed if required and replaced in minutes .
it can easily be removed if [] and replaced in minutes .

They quickly use up the yolk sac and Liquifry should be provided from the moment of hatching so that food is available when required .
they quickly use up the yolk sac and liquifry should be provided from the moment of hatching so that food is available when [] .

From this point on , they can be weaned on to larger crushed flake and shredded bloodworm , until normal feeding is all that is required .
from this point on , they can be weaned on to larger crushed flake and shredded bloodworm , until normal feeding is all that is [] .

Some of the more expensive animals can be  bought  in units of 30  after all , not everyone can afford the 6,000 required to adopt a whole elephant . We 're not sure whether you can choose which bit you get for your 30 
some of the more expensive animals can be  bought  in units of 30  after all , not everyone can afford the 6,000 [] to adopt a whole elephant . we 're not sure whether you can choose which bit you get for your 30 

Illumination may prove a problem if high intensities are required from fluorescent tubes to support light-loving invertebrates .
illumination may prove a problem if high intensities are [] from fluorescent tubes to support light-loving invertebrates .

Weaknesses in current data-base systems for handling the complex modelling required are discussed .
weaknesses in current data-base systems for handling the complex modelling [] are discussed .

Before considering the required structures in more detail , we will first consider data-base models for representing the internal structure of the statute .
before considering the [] structures in more detail , we will first consider data-base models for representing the internal structure of the statute .

As shown in the definition of text.id , a subset of the components of the generic key all.unit.id is required to address the main text .
as shown in the definition of text.id , a subset of the components of the generic key all.unit.id is [] to address the main text .

If several records are referenced from a single record , the user will be given a choice as to which one is required .
if several records are referenced from a single record , the user will be given a choice as to which one is [] .

In addition , there is also a number of areas where further work is required :
in addition , there is also a number of areas where further work is [] :

Further work is needed at the conceptual level in this area to determine the exact nature of the constraints required .
further work is needed at the conceptual level in this area to determine the exact nature of the constraints [] .

We are all reasoning out unstated propositions and analysing the probable intentions of our interlocutors every time we engage in talk  but various social and contextual factors influence the amount and the kind of reasoning required .
we are all reasoning out unstated propositions and analysing the probable intentions of our interlocutors every time we engage in talk  but various social and contextual factors influence the amount and the kind of reasoning [] .

Women who want to work in broadcasting , or who are required by their jobs to speak frequently in public , encounter strong prejudice against their  shrill  or  tinny  voices .
women who want to work in broadcasting , or who are [] by their jobs to speak frequently in public , encounter strong prejudice against their  shrill  or  tinny  voices .

As Anne Corbett has observed of Frenchwomen ,  the successful Madame prefers to be le Docteur , le Professeur , l'Ambassadeur and le Philosophe , even with the succeeding il which is required in formal texts  .
as anne corbett has observed of frenchwomen ,  the successful madame prefers to be le docteur , le professeur , l'ambassadeur and le philosophe , even with the succeeding il which is [] in formal texts  .

Cierva was himself dissatisfied with the required forward run of the aircraft , he wanted vertical lift at take-off .
cierva was himself dissatisfied with the [] forward run of the aircraft , he wanted vertical lift at take-off .

Whilst Cyril Pullin and the team were busy redesigning the aircraft , Mickie was again required to design the new engine .
whilst cyril pullin and the team were busy redesigning the aircraft , mickie was again [] to design the new engine .

During the early part of World War Two , the Air Ministry had targeted three areas which required special attention .
during the early part of world war two , the air ministry had targeted three areas which [] special attention .

The aircraft required a compass swing and had oxygen system leaks and because of this Lt Ferris had been required to sign for its release from maintenance , therefore accepting responsibility for his own safety .
the aircraft [] a compass swing and had oxygen system leaks and because of this lt ferris had been [] to sign for its release from maintenance , therefore accepting responsibility for his own safety .

They were an extremely good fit and required a long drift to remove them .
they were an extremely good fit and [] a long drift to remove them .

The spacing between the motifs can be varied according to the effect required on your particular garment but the following points will help you achieve a better result .
the spacing between the motifs can be varied according to the effect [] on your particular garment but the following points will help you achieve a better result .

If a really soft fabric is required , the backing yarn can be as fine as a single strand of 2/30 .
if a really soft fabric is [] , the backing yarn can be as fine as a single strand of 2/30 .

Should you decide that you would prefer to knit your design in jacquard rather than Fair Isle , DesignaKnit can automatically separate all the colours for you in the way that is required for your particular knitting machine .
should you decide that you would prefer to knit your design in jacquard rather than fair isle , designaknit can automatically separate all the colours for you in the way that is [] for your particular knitting machine .

Enter the sleeve shape with the cuff measurement required at the first x and the top width ( which is often the same as the back width ) , at the second x .
enter the sleeve shape with the cuff measurement [] at the first x and the top width ( which is often the same as the back width ) , at the second x .

When you reach the position on the front where you wish to divide the work you can avoid knitting any extra rows by this method : Thread your bodkin with a nylon cord and remove the stitches required to be joined , later , to the neckband .
when you reach the position on the front where you wish to divide the work you can avoid knitting any extra rows by this method : thread your bodkin with a nylon cord and remove the stitches [] to be joined , later , to the neckband .

The moral courage required on the part of the elderly person to recognise what is happening and not resist should also be saluted .
the moral courage [] on the part of the elderly person to recognise what is happening and not resist should also be saluted .

This will include using knowledge about the availability of home help , meals on wheels , day care , warden service , respite care and a district nurse if required .
this will include using knowledge about the availability of home help , meals on wheels , day care , warden service , respite care and a district nurse if [] .

Certainly in many difficult and anxiety-provoking situations carers continue to keep going without much regular social work intervention , provided that those doing the daily caring know that a swift and understanding response will be available if required .
certainly in many difficult and anxiety-provoking situations carers continue to keep going without much regular social work intervention , provided that those doing the daily caring know that a swift and understanding response will be available if [] .

The ongoing monitoring and support of services in a planned way is also required .
the ongoing monitoring and support of services in a planned way is also [] .

When assessing the needs of a disabled person ( including an elderly person with disabilities ) who receives a substantial amount of care regularly from someone not employed by the local authority , the authority is required to :  have regard to the ability of that person to continue to provide help on a regular basis  .
when assessing the needs of a disabled person ( including an elderly person with disabilities ) who receives a substantial amount of care regularly from someone not employed by the local authority , the authority is [] to :  have regard to the ability of that person to continue to provide help on a regular basis  .

Social workers may be involved in bargaining with carers over how much assistance can be given to an elderly person , and how much support from services may be required to make the situation manageable for them all .
social workers may be involved in bargaining with carers over how much assistance can be given to an elderly person , and how much support from services may be [] to make the situation manageable for them all .

In using these skills general planning and efficiency enhance the often finicky detailed work required with elderly clients and their relatives .
in using these skills general planning and efficiency enhance the often finicky detailed work [] with elderly clients and their relatives .

Frequently for a carer , personal needs take second place to the hard physical and mental effort required for the dependant .
frequently for a carer , personal needs take second place to the hard physical and mental effort [] for the dependant .

An MoD spokesman said :  Captain McAllister has been required to resign his commission following an administrative report .
an mod spokesman said :  captain mcallister has been [] to resign his commission following an administrative report .

In a further move to stimulate demand for the shares , only 50p of the 1.30 share price was required as an initial payment .
in a further move to stimulate demand for the shares , only 50p of the 1.30 share price was [] as an initial payment .

They argue that the tax burden required to finance the Welfare State has reduced incentives and thereby curbed initiative and enterprise , leading to an adverse effect on economic growth .
they argue that the tax burden [] to finance the welfare state has reduced incentives and thereby curbed initiative and enterprise , leading to an adverse effect on economic growth .

The expenditure required is borne by the local authorities and occurs because they do not have sufficient suitable housing in a state of good repair .
the expenditure [] is borne by the local authorities and occurs because they do not have sufficient suitable housing in a state of good repair .

Hence an increase of 7 per cent would have been required to maintain the real level of spending .
hence an increase of 7 per cent would have been [] to maintain the real level of spending .

It required servicing approximately once a month and usually three electricians from Scunthorpe carried out the work .
it [] servicing approximately once a month and usually three electricians from scunthorpe carried out the work .

When the  bags  had been connected and the brake was continuous through the train the engine driver would  blow up  the vacuum to get the required 21in , thus creating the correct pressure on the vacuum gauge .
when the  bags  had been connected and the brake was continuous through the train the engine driver would  blow up  the vacuum to get the [] 21in , thus creating the correct pressure on the vacuum gauge .

The first Tay Bridge showed up the lack of expertise and foresight required for such a structure , no wind tunnels or sophisticated testing were available to the engineers in the late 1870s .
the first tay bridge showed up the lack of expertise and foresight [] for such a structure , no wind tunnels or sophisticated testing were available to the engineers in the late 1870s .

Mozart 's own father Leopold , and later Wolfgang himself , worked for the Archbishop of Salzburg , for whom they were required to produce music for ceremonial and sacred occasions , and also for the personal diversion of their patron .
mozart 's own father leopold , and later wolfgang himself , worked for the archbishop of salzburg , for whom they were [] to produce music for ceremonial and sacred occasions , and also for the personal diversion of their patron .

Constanze 's guardian accordingly drew up a document that Mozart was required to sign , promising to marry her within three years , or else pay a large sum as compensation .
constanze 's guardian accordingly drew up a document that mozart was [] to sign , promising to marry her within three years , or else pay a large sum as compensation .

In addition , all that is required is a chemical room-temperature mechanism which involves nothing more complicated than an experiment in a high school science lab .
in addition , all that is [] is a chemical room-temperature mechanism which involves nothing more complicated than an experiment in a high school science lab .

It would be unreasonable to expect the reader to believe that so many professional scientists and administrators could be taken in to such an extent as the tale required .
it would be unreasonable to expect the reader to believe that so many professional scientists and administrators could be taken in to such an extent as the tale [] .

According to the conventional wisdom , fusion required great heat and hence could only have happened when the Earth was being formed ; however , if the Earth is five billion years old , all the helium would by now have risen away , yet it was there in amounts suggesting that it had appeared in the atmosphere only recently .
according to the conventional wisdom , fusion [] great heat and hence could only have happened when the earth was being formed ; however , if the earth is five billion years old , all the helium would by now have risen away , yet it was there in amounts suggesting that it had appeared in the atmosphere only recently .

To tell which of these was the case required measuring the neutron energies precisely enough to get a sense of their distribution .
to tell which of these was the case [] measuring the neutron energies precisely enough to get a sense of their distribution .

Four volts of electricity will split the sodium chloride into its constituent sodium and chlorine atoms , whereas a temperature of 40 000 degrees would be required to do it by heat alone .
four volts of electricity will split the sodium chloride into its constituent sodium and chlorine atoms , whereas a temperature of 40 000 degrees would be [] to do it by heat alone .

They estimated the sort of pressures that would be required to achieve such conditions by compression and the answer astonished them .
they estimated the sort of pressures that would be [] to achieve such conditions by compression and the answer astonished them .

Given the long times required to charge the larger rods , you can see that after getting a first qualitative result with the smallest rods within a few weeks , a proper quantitative analysis to test the variation with rod diameter and current , and so establish the nature of the effect would take a long time .
given the long times [] to charge the larger rods , you can see that after getting a first qualitative result with the smallest rods within a few weeks , a proper quantitative analysis to test the variation with rod diameter and current , and so establish the nature of the effect would take a long time .

To get a realistic background measurement required , at least , taking readings at the cell site when the cell was not operating .
to get a realistic background measurement [] , at least , taking readings at the cell site when the cell was not operating .

It was clear something special would be required to break the deadlock , and Mendonca provided just that when he unleashed his tremendous 25-yard drive past the helpless Miklosko .
it was clear something special would be [] to break the deadlock , and mendonca provided just that when he unleashed his tremendous 25-yard drive past the helpless miklosko .

Drysdale , 21 , will be required to provide the ammunition for 11-goal Paul Furlong , a revelation since his 250,000 move from Coventry last summer and back from an ankle injury .
drysdale , 21 , will be [] to provide the ammunition for 11-goal paul furlong , a revelation since his 250,000 move from coventry last summer and back from an ankle injury .

More than the 21 required signatories have already been gathered and it will be presented to Forest chairman Fred Reacher .
more than the 21 [] signatories have already been gathered and it will be presented to forest chairman fred reacher .

The Crystal Palace winger was hurt in training on Monday , jarring the same knee that required a career-saving operation in the United States last year .
the crystal palace winger was hurt in training on monday , jarring the same knee that [] a career-saving operation in the united states last year .

England 's 3432 half-time lead left them bang on target for the four-point margin required to overturn last year 's narrow 7774 reverse in Moscow .
england 's 3432 half-time lead left them bang on target for the four-point margin [] to overturn last year 's narrow 7774 reverse in moscow .

Trevor Gordon read the script and duly sunk the two free-throws required to establish that margin with just two seconds left .
trevor gordon read the script and duly sunk the two free-throws [] to establish that margin with just two seconds left .

And they were shattered to discover that the ir much-publicised  Run With The Ball  scheme , devised last year to recompense players for the increased commitment required at international level , has made a loss because of advertising and expenses .
and they were shattered to discover that the ir much-publicised  run with the ball  scheme , devised last year to recompense players for the increased commitment [] at international level , has made a loss because of advertising and expenses .

Now he 's there it should almost be like a holiday because he is required only to do what he is good at  getting tight on the opposition and setting up England 's creative players .
now he 's there it should almost be like a holiday because he is [] only to do what he is good at  getting tight on the opposition and setting up england 's creative players .

The other ,  scored  by Lee Dixon in the 11 Wembley draw with Ireland , might have required a massive deflection en route  but emphasised the value of taking a chance from distance .
the other ,  scored  by lee dixon in the 11 wembley draw with ireland , might have [] a massive deflection en route  but emphasised the value of taking a chance from distance .

Even then , the wisdom and mystical presence of Robson was required to make it all work .
even then , the wisdom and mystical presence of robson was [] to make it all work .

But the dictator needed British craftsmanship for the fine tools required to operate missiles , so the Iraqis checked out the Midlands engineering firm Matrix Churchill .
but the dictator needed british craftsmanship for the fine tools [] to operate missiles , so the iraqis checked out the midlands engineering firm matrix churchill .

Wearing his trademark baseball cap , he was dressed in blazer , casual trousers and , as required by the club 's regulations , a tie .
wearing his trademark baseball cap , he was dressed in blazer , casual trousers and , as [] by the club 's regulations , a tie .

All that is required is a couple of electronic chips built into the car 's wiring which will communicate with the satellites .
all that is [] is a couple of electronic chips built into the car 's wiring which will communicate with the satellites .

Clients who needed money would become upset at what they considered inappropriate questioning , but this would suggest to the workers that they had touched a sensitive point , confirming some personal theory that it was not really money that the clients required .
clients who needed money would become upset at what they considered inappropriate questioning , but this would suggest to the workers that they had touched a sensitive point , confirming some personal theory that it was not really money that the clients [] .

To arrive there the counsellor has to stop talking , and in order to stop talking , answerable and leading questions are required .
to arrive there the counsellor has to stop talking , and in order to stop talking , answerable and leading questions are [] .

Time is required , often to summon the courage necessary to talk about their real problems and difficulties .
time is [] , often to summon the courage necessary to talk about their real problems and difficulties .

For the blind , more physical touch may be required .
for the blind , more physical touch may be [] .

As the underlying problems have not been tackled , more alcohol is required to continue dulling the pain , and consequently the desire to drink can become continuous .
as the underlying problems have not been tackled , more alcohol is [] to continue dulling the pain , and consequently the desire to drink can become continuous .

Often , all that is required is for individuals to feel that there is someone willing to be supportive and understanding of their feelings , willing to listen to their problems , and to discuss alternative strategies for coping with their social distress .
often , all that is [] is for individuals to feel that there is someone willing to be supportive and understanding of their feelings , willing to listen to their problems , and to discuss alternative strategies for coping with their social distress .

When she had protested to Lord Wardley , who was chief billeting officer for that part of Northumberland , he had referred her to a minion who , in turn , had taken great pleasure in pointing out that she could , if she preferred , have some evacuees from Gateshead but , either way , her spare room could not remain empty when everyone was required to make a war effort .
when she had protested to lord wardley , who was chief billeting officer for that part of northumberland , he had referred her to a minion who , in turn , had taken great pleasure in pointing out that she could , if she preferred , have some evacuees from gateshead but , either way , her spare room could not remain empty when everyone was [] to make a war effort .

Darrow and Govan were the first to identify with any certainty which ions were lost in diarrhoea and the quantities involved , thereby enabling them to state accurately the required make-up of an intravenous infusion aimed at replacing lost nutrients .
darrow and govan were the first to identify with any certainty which ions were lost in diarrhoea and the quantities involved , thereby enabling them to state accurately the [] make-up of an intravenous infusion aimed at replacing lost nutrients .

Hence between 300 and 600 Taka were required to pay for the full treatment .
hence between 300 and 600 taka were [] to pay for the full treatment .

Firewood , required for the boiling of the rice , was not easily available in rural areas .
firewood , [] for the boiling of the rice , was not easily available in rural areas .

These trials demonstrated , however , that the rice-based solution was unpopular with the mothers owing to the scarcity of firewood ( which was required to make the solution ) , and the tradition that very young children are not fed rice .
these trials demonstrated , however , that the rice-based solution was unpopular with the mothers owing to the scarcity of firewood ( which was [] to make the solution ) , and the tradition that very young children are not fed rice .

We can note , too , that the tippe-top differs markedly from the gyroscope : a tippe-top turns over spontaneously  indeed , it is hard to stop it from doing so  whereas a considerable amount of effort is required to flip over a gyroscope .
we can note , too , that the tippe-top differs markedly from the gyroscope : a tippe-top turns over spontaneously  indeed , it is hard to stop it from doing so  whereas a considerable amount of effort is [] to flip over a gyroscope .

What , even so , of the required gravitational pull ?
what , even so , of the [] gravitational pull ?

This lacuna may be of interest in trying to establish the circumstances , or complex of circumstances , required if an ice age is to occur  assuming , of course , that the neat spacing of the others is not just a matter of chance .
this lacuna may be of interest in trying to establish the circumstances , or complex of circumstances , [] if an ice age is to occur  assuming , of course , that the neat spacing of the others is not just a matter of chance .

After all , the transportation of such huge and heavy slabs of rock , often over long distances , must have required an incredible investment of effort on the part of any society possessing only rudimentary technology .
after all , the transportation of such huge and heavy slabs of rock , often over long distances , must have [] an incredible investment of effort on the part of any society possessing only rudimentary technology .

Hawkins required a computer to  decode  Stonehenge , showing its function as an astronomical observatory
hawkins [] a computer to  decode  stonehenge , showing its function as an astronomical observatory

Bumble-bees do not have advanced knowledge of aeronautical science , yet some extremely complicated maths is required to explain why it is that a bumble-bee can fly .
bumble-bees do not have advanced knowledge of aeronautical science , yet some extremely complicated maths is [] to explain why it is that a bumble-bee can fly .

Not very much new matter was required : Hoyle pointed out that , throughout the Universe , the appearance of a single hydrogen atom each century in a volume equal to that of the Empire State Building would be quite enough .
not very much new matter was [] : hoyle pointed out that , throughout the universe , the appearance of a single hydrogen atom each century in a volume equal to that of the empire state building would be quite enough .

For such particles , tachyons , infinite energy would be required to slow them down to light-speed .
for such particles , tachyons , infinite energy would be [] to slow them down to light-speed .

Are you required to be persistent at repeating the same task many times ( phoning sales prospects , for instance ) or persistent in seeing a long , slow project through to the end ( overseeing a two-year training programme , for instance ) ?
are you [] to be persistent at repeating the same task many times ( phoning sales prospects , for instance ) or persistent in seeing a long , slow project through to the end ( overseeing a two-year training programme , for instance ) ?

Nevertheless , if you pick the required specimens carefully , you 'll be able to remove several leaves or flowers from , for instance , a bush in full bloom without spoiling its appearance or harming it .
nevertheless , if you pick the [] specimens carefully , you 'll be able to remove several leaves or flowers from , for instance , a bush in full bloom without spoiling its appearance or harming it .

For example , you can form a curve in a stalk by positioning it in the required shape and then securing it with tiny pieces of tape for the first couple of days of pressing .
for example , you can form a curve in a stalk by positioning it in the [] shape and then securing it with tiny pieces of tape for the first couple of days of pressing .

Cutting the glass is simply a matter of scoring it to the required size with a glass cutter .
cutting the glass is simply a matter of scoring it to the [] size with a glass cutter .

Scaling down your work in the way that is required for creating successful miniatures does not mean putting just one or two flowers in a smaller frame than usual .
scaling down your work in the way that is [] for creating successful miniatures does not mean putting just one or two flowers in a smaller frame than usual .

Once you have chosen a suitable design , place it on a sheet of firm card and carefully arrange it in position , bearing in mind the scale of your required pattern .
once you have chosen a suitable design , place it on a sheet of firm card and carefully arrange it in position , bearing in mind the scale of your [] pattern .

Jacques Pinon , owner of a cafe tabac in Paris has put up the required  no smoking  signs , but thinks his responsibility stops there .
jacques pinon , owner of a cafe tabac in paris has put up the []  no smoking  signs , but thinks his responsibility stops there .

no mens rea was required .
no mens rea was [] .

The policy shall not by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) ( a ) above , be required to cover ( a ) liability in respect of the death , arising out of and in the course of his employment , of a person in the employment of a person insured by the policy or of bodily injury sustained by such a person arising out of and in the course of his employment ; or other such matters .
the policy shall not by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) ( a ) above , be [] to cover ( a ) liability in respect of the death , arising out of and in the course of his employment , of a person in the employment of a person insured by the policy or of bodily injury sustained by such a person arising out of and in the course of his employment ; or other such matters .

As with numerous other offences dealing with road traffic the use of a motor vehicle without insurance is an absolute offence , i.e. no guilty knowledge is required .
as with numerous other offences dealing with road traffic the use of a motor vehicle without insurance is an absolute offence , i.e. no guilty knowledge is [] .

 that you being the holder of a trade licence issued under section 16 , Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971  Has a slightly different meaning than the offence where the driver is required to be identified .
 that you being the holder of a trade licence issued under section 16 , vehicles ( excise ) act 1971  has a slightly different meaning than the offence where the driver is [] to be identified .

which was required to be fitted with windscreen wipers
which was [] to be fitted with windscreen wipers

 which was required to be fitted with windscreen wipers-This point means that regulation 34 ( 1 ) of the above regulations requires every vehicle which is fitted with a windscreen to be fitted with one or more wipers .
 which was [] to be fitted with windscreen wipers-this point means that regulation 34 ( 1 ) of the above regulations requires every vehicle which is fitted with a windscreen to be fitted with one or more wipers .

This point means that where a motor vehicle is required to be fitted with wipers it must also have washers .
this point means that where a motor vehicle is [] to be fitted with wipers it must also have washers .

 which was required to be fitted with windscreen wipers  This point is proved by showing there was no view to the front without first looking through the windscreen .
 which was [] to be fitted with windscreen wipers  this point is proved by showing there was no view to the front without first looking through the windscreen .

The main point to show is that the washers were not capable of cleaning as required .
the main point to show is that the washers were not capable of cleaning as [] .

 which carries obligatory lamps  'Obligatory lamps ' , in relation to a vehicle , means such of the obligatory front lamps , obligatory headlamps and obligatory rear lamps as the vehicle is required , by virtue of the Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations , to carry when on a road during the hours of darkness ( as defined by the Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations ) .
 which carries obligatory lamps  'obligatory lamps ' , in relation to a vehicle , means such of the obligatory front lamps , obligatory headlamps and obligatory rear lamps as the vehicle is [] , by virtue of the road vehicles lighting regulations , to carry when on a road during the hours of darkness ( as defined by the road vehicles lighting regulations ) .

Therefore the use of the so-called  negative averment  was required .
therefore the use of the so-called  negative averment  was [] .

The details of the licence must be recorded in the pocket book and are usually required in a statement .
the details of the licence must be recorded in the pocket book and are usually [] in a statement .

 being a class or description which he was authorised to drive by virtue of a provisional licence  The class or description of the motor vehicle when the provisional licence holder is required to be accompanied is as shown in his provisional licence .
 being a class or description which he was authorised to drive by virtue of a provisional licence  the class or description of the motor vehicle when the provisional licence holder is [] to be accompanied is as shown in his provisional licence .

All vehicles that are required to have seat belts fitted must have seat belts fitted to the driver 's seat and the specified passenger 's seat . The specified passenger 's seat is defined by regulation 47(8) as 
all vehicles that are [] to have seat belts fitted must have seat belts fitted to the driver 's seat and the specified passenger 's seat . the specified passenger 's seat is defined by regulation 47(8) as 

the holder of a valid certificate in a form supplied by the Secretary of State , containing the information required by it , and signed by a medical practitioner to the effect that it is inadvisable on medical grounds for him to wear a seatbelt ;
the holder of a valid certificate in a form supplied by the secretary of state , containing the information [] by it , and signed by a medical practitioner to the effect that it is inadvisable on medical grounds for him to wear a seatbelt ;

Secondly , a statement from the injured party detailing the injury and how it was caused would be required .
secondly , a statement from the injured party detailing the injury and how it was caused would be [] .

Where an accident is caused by alleged brake failure , or other more technical circumstances arise , the services of a trained vehicle examiner may be required .
where an accident is caused by alleged brake failure , or other more technical circumstances arise , the services of a trained vehicle examiner may be [] .

Depending on the make of motor vehicle , normally there are two wipers fitted and both must work as regulation 34 ( 1 ) of the above regulation insists that  an adequate view of the road in front of the near and offsides of the vehicle  is required .
depending on the make of motor vehicle , normally there are two wipers fitted and both must work as regulation 34 ( 1 ) of the above regulation insists that  an adequate view of the road in front of the near and offsides of the vehicle  is [] .

Regulation 34 ( 1 ) states that if a view to the front can be obtained without looking through the windscreen , wipers are not required .
regulation 34 ( 1 ) states that if a view to the front can be obtained without looking through the windscreen , wipers are not [] .

so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations .
so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance [] to be fitted by the motor vehicles ( construction and use ) regulations .

 so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations  .
 so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance [] to be fitted by the motor vehicles ( construction and use ) regulations  .

 so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance required to be fitted by the Motor Vehicles ( Construction and Use ) Regulations  , This point can be proved by inspecting the silencer system with the engine running and watching where the gases are escaping .
 so that the exhaust gases from the engine escaped into the atmosphere without first passing through the silencer , expansion chamber or other contrivance [] to be fitted by the motor vehicles ( construction and use ) regulations  , this point can be proved by inspecting the silencer system with the engine running and watching where the gases are escaping .

It is important to note that the bald patch or the patch without the 1.6 mm depth of tread grooves is not required to go right around the tyre .
it is important to note that the bald patch or the patch without the 1.6 mm depth of tread grooves is not [] to go right around the tyre .

It should be noted that the required three-quarters width of 1.6 mm tread pattern grooves should be in a continuous band .
it should be noted that the [] three-quarters width of 1.6 mm tread pattern grooves should be in a continuous band .

This can be done by timing the sequence with a stop watch ( which can itself be proved to have been checked for accuracy if required ) .
this can be done by timing the sequence with a stop watch ( which can itself be proved to have been checked for accuracy if [] ) .

the lighting equipment of which required by these Regulations to be fitted , namely  ( here specify )
the lighting equipment of which [] by these regulations to be fitted , namely  ( here specify )

 the lighting equipment of which required by these Regulations to be fitted , namely  ( here specify )
 the lighting equipment of which [] by these regulations to be fitted , namely  ( here specify )

 the lighting equipment of which required by these Regulations to be fitted , namely  ( here specify ) This point is proved by showing whatever is specified is the lamp or reflector in question , e.g , the obligatory front nearside lamp or the rear offside reflector etc .
 the lighting equipment of which [] by these regulations to be fitted , namely  ( here specify ) this point is proved by showing whatever is specified is the lamp or reflector in question , e.g , the obligatory front nearside lamp or the rear offside reflector etc .

a rear fog lamp on a vehicle which is part of a combination of vehicles any part of which is not required by the Regulations to be fitted with a rear fog lamp ;
a rear fog lamp on a vehicle which is part of a combination of vehicles any part of which is not [] by the regulations to be fitted with a rear fog lamp ;

 That you  Proof of the identity of an accused exposing his/her person may be difficult and apart from an admission a witness is required to say that the man/woman in the court dock is the person who exposed their person .
 that you  proof of the identity of an accused exposing his/her person may be difficult and apart from an admission a witness is [] to say that the man/woman in the court dock is the person who exposed their person .

Note that although not required in law , corroboration of the victim 's evidence is looked for in practice .
note that although not [] in law , corroboration of the victim 's evidence is looked for in practice .

There were three ceremonies required by the Jewish law after the birth of a child .
there were three ceremonies [] by the jewish law after the birth of a child .

Presentation Mary and Joseph take Jesus to the Temple to present him to God as required by Jewish law ( Exodus 13:116 ) .
presentation mary and joseph take jesus to the temple to present him to god as [] by jewish law ( exodus 13:116 ) .

The ceremonial of the law required it .
the ceremonial of the law [] it .

The Jewish law required all faithful Jews to make the pilgrimage to Jerusalem three times a year for three different feasts :
the jewish law [] all faithful jews to make the pilgrimage to jerusalem three times a year for three different feasts :

By the time of Jesus , those Jews who lived a good distance from Jerusalem were required only to make the pilgrimage at Passover .
by the time of jesus , those jews who lived a good distance from jerusalem were [] only to make the pilgrimage at passover .

They thought the day of God 's judgment was near when an account would be required of their discipleship .
they thought the day of god 's judgment was near when an account would be [] of their discipleship .

The forgiveness they offered fell far short of what God required .
the forgiveness they offered fell far short of what god [] .

Then , when Jesus returns , each person will be required to give an account of their lives and their stewardship .
then , when jesus returns , each person will be [] to give an account of their lives and their stewardship .

People who have a vocation to the priesthood , ordained ministry or religious orders are required to turn their backson personal wishes and commit themselves to God regardless of cost .
people who have a vocation to the priesthood , ordained ministry or religious orders are [] to turn their backson personal wishes and commit themselves to god regardless of cost .

Fasting was required from all Jews on the Day of Atonement ( the day on which the Jews asked God , by means of sacrifice , for the forgiveness of sin ) and on other special occasions such as severe drought or some national crisis .
fasting was [] from all jews on the day of atonement ( the day on which the jews asked god , by means of sacrifice , for the forgiveness of sin ) and on other special occasions such as severe drought or some national crisis .

 All they need to see is a squiggle on the required line .
 all they need to see is a squiggle on the [] line .

Some will not allow tapes and insist that if music is required it be played by their contract organist .
some will not allow tapes and insist that if music is [] it be played by their contract organist .

These performed just as required , with pious platitudes followed by prevaricating and tut-tutting in a most gratifying manner .
these performed just as [] , with pious platitudes followed by prevaricating and tut-tutting in a most gratifying manner .

The need of the moment , they argued , was not dramatic gestures , but hard thinking and patient propaganda about the conditions required for a lasting abolition of international anarchy .
the need of the moment , they argued , was not dramatic gestures , but hard thinking and patient propaganda about the conditions [] for a lasting abolition of international anarchy .

In fact , if glass is prevented from cracking in tension , say by putting it into compression , then it is quite easy to get it to flow like a soft solid ; for instance , glass will behave like putty under the blunt point of a diamond indenter but the shear stresses required to cause flow are well above the normally observed fracture stresses  in common glasses at room temperature usually above 500,000 p.s.i .
in fact , if glass is prevented from cracking in tension , say by putting it into compression , then it is quite easy to get it to flow like a soft solid ; for instance , glass will behave like putty under the blunt point of a diamond indenter but the shear stresses [] to cause flow are well above the normally observed fracture stresses  in common glasses at room temperature usually above 500,000 p.s.i .

The result is that the hammer or the bullet is pressing against its target for a period , perhaps about a hundredth of a second , which is very long compared with the time which is required to conduct the energy away from the point of impact in the form of waves of sound or stress .
the result is that the hammer or the bullet is pressing against its target for a period , perhaps about a hundredth of a second , which is very long compared with the time which is [] to conduct the energy away from the point of impact in the form of waves of sound or stress .

These wedges were then supposed to have been soaked in water until the rock split along the required line .
these wedges were then supposed to have been soaked in water until the rock split along the [] line .

The solid members needed only to take compression and since the principle danger in this condition was buckling , such components required to be as thick as possible for their weight and for this purpose bamboo or spruce was especially suitable .
the solid members needed only to take compression and since the principle danger in this condition was buckling , such components [] to be as thick as possible for their weight and for this purpose bamboo or spruce was especially suitable .

Simply order them a couple of days in advance and pick them up the night before or on the day they are required .
simply order them a couple of days in advance and pick them up the night before or on the day they are [] .

Screens should be at eye level so the neck and shoulders are straight , and employers will be obliged to provide appropriate stands to raise screens to the required height .
screens should be at eye level so the neck and shoulders are straight , and employers will be obliged to provide appropriate stands to raise screens to the [] height .

Taste and add extra flavouring such as citrus rind or ginger as required .
taste and add extra flavouring such as citrus rind or ginger as [] .

This season  a vital chapter in his progress  has required a more psychological approach .
this season  a vital chapter in his progress  has [] a more psychological approach .

Of course , learning to pirouette can be difficult in an English winter on waterlogged pitches where nimbleness seems only to be required by strikers slipping sliding tackles .
of course , learning to pirouette can be difficult in an english winter on waterlogged pitches where nimbleness seems only to be [] by strikers slipping sliding tackles .

All three players could fetch the required 2m , so it could be a case of first come , first served , with Barton the favourite to go .
all three players could fetch the [] 2m , so it could be a case of first come , first served , with barton the favourite to go .

The defiant Furlong pegged Rovers back briefly , and keeper Bobby Mimms was required to make an amazing triple save from Furlong , Gerard Lavin and David Holdsworth .
the defiant furlong pegged rovers back briefly , and keeper bobby mimms was [] to make an amazing triple save from furlong , gerard lavin and david holdsworth .

And Chelsea have refused Albion permission to field on-loan midfielder Alan Dickens in case he is required in later rounds of the competition at Stamford Bridge .
and chelsea have refused albion permission to field on-loan midfielder alan dickens in case he is [] in later rounds of the competition at stamford bridge .

The former England No 2 required a triple heart by-pass operation four years ago and was admitted to hospital last week for tests after feeling unwell .
the former england no 2 [] a triple heart by-pass operation four years ago and was admitted to hospital last week for tests after feeling unwell .

This has two implications : any disclosures of uncertainties belong in the accounts , not in the audit report ; and there needs to be an accounting standard defining what disclosures are required before there can be an auditing standard .
this has two implications : any disclosures of uncertainties belong in the accounts , not in the audit report ; and there needs to be an accounting standard defining what disclosures are [] before there can be an auditing standard .

The firm finally settled on a shell which required a complete internal fit  from putting in offices , loos and kitchens , to carpeting and heating .
the firm finally settled on a shell which [] a complete internal fit  from putting in offices , loos and kitchens , to carpeting and heating .

Pearl also required full real-time integration ; any dependency on batch updating was unacceptable .
pearl also [] full real-time integration ; any dependency on batch updating was unacceptable .

 He adds :  When we reminded ourselves what Pearl required it was clear there was only one solution .
 he adds :  when we reminded ourselves what pearl [] it was clear there was only one solution .

One example is electronic data interchange , often required by the likes of car manufacturers to enable just-in-time inventory management ; electronic funds transfer through the Bankers Automated Clearing System is another .
one example is electronic data interchange , often [] by the likes of car manufacturers to enable just-in-time inventory management ; electronic funds transfer through the bankers automated clearing system is another .

But it 's not just statutory change that is required .
but it 's not just statutory change that is [] .

Furthermore , with more women seeking to enter the profession  almost 70 % of the Institute 's female membership is under the age of 35 , while 36 % of its students currently training are women  more initiatives are required to ensure that the investment in training is not wasted and that the economic value of a vital resource is fully realised .
furthermore , with more women seeking to enter the profession  almost 70 % of the institute 's female membership is under the age of 35 , while 36 % of its students currently training are women  more initiatives are [] to ensure that the investment in training is not wasted and that the economic value of a vital resource is fully realised .

Following the issue of a precept in July 1990 , the taxpayer , an accountant , produced some of the information which it required shortly before the Commissioners ' hearing .
following the issue of a precept in july 1990 , the taxpayer , an accountant , produced some of the information which it [] shortly before the commissioners ' hearing .

The taxpayer had also failed to produce the information the precept required in respect of his building society accounts .
the taxpayer had also failed to produce the information the precept [] in respect of his building society accounts .

At the November hearing , the taxpayer said he had written to the building society in May and August and had telephoned them in September but still did not have the required details .
at the november hearing , the taxpayer said he had written to the building society in may and august and had telephoned them in september but still did not have the [] details .

5. of , a firm having been found to be in breach of Investment Business Regulation 1.50 in that in Stockbridge between 1 June 1991 and 3 March 1992 the firm failed to pay its Investment Business Authorisation Fee for the year ending 31 December 1991 and having been in breach of Bye-law 76(a) ( iv ) as applied by Investment Business Regulation 6.09 in that the firm at Stockbridge between 19 December 1991 and 28 January 1992 failed to provide information required of it by the Investigation Committee on 19 December 1991 in exercise of its powers under Bye-law 80(a) concerning the payment of its Investment Business Authorisation Fee for the year ending 31 December 1991 was reprimanded and ordered to pay l , 000 by way of costs .
5. of , a firm having been found to be in breach of investment business regulation 1.50 in that in stockbridge between 1 june 1991 and 3 march 1992 the firm failed to pay its investment business authorisation fee for the year ending 31 december 1991 and having been in breach of bye-law 76(a) ( iv ) as applied by investment business regulation 6.09 in that the firm at stockbridge between 19 december 1991 and 28 january 1992 failed to provide information [] of it by the investigation committee on 19 december 1991 in exercise of its powers under bye-law 80(a) concerning the payment of its investment business authorisation fee for the year ending 31 december 1991 was reprimanded and ordered to pay l , 000 by way of costs .

( b ) failed to mention that the said accounts were not in the form required by section 228 and paragraph 1 ( 1 ) of Schedule 4 of the Companies Act 1985 and
( b ) failed to mention that the said accounts were not in the form [] by section 228 and paragraph 1 ( 1 ) of schedule 4 of the companies act 1985 and

( c ) failed to provide an explanation for the absence of the profit and loss account as required by the Companies Act 1985 and
( c ) failed to provide an explanation for the absence of the profit and loss account as [] by the companies act 1985 and

( b ) failed to mention that the said accounts were not in the form required by section 228 and paragraph 1 ( 1 ) of Schedule 4 of the Companies Act 1985 and
( b ) failed to mention that the said accounts were not in the form [] by section 228 and paragraph 1 ( 1 ) of schedule 4 of the companies act 1985 and

( c ) failed to provide an explanation for the absence of the profit and loss account as required by the Companies Act 1985 and
( c ) failed to provide an explanation for the absence of the profit and loss account as [] by the companies act 1985 and

( b ) failed to mention that the said accounts were not in the form required by section 228 and paragraph 1 ( 1 ) of Schedule 4 of the Companies Act 1985 and
( b ) failed to mention that the said accounts were not in the form [] by section 228 and paragraph 1 ( 1 ) of schedule 4 of the companies act 1985 and

( c ) failed to provide an explanation for the absence of the profit and loss account as required by the Companies Act 1985 and
( c ) failed to provide an explanation for the absence of the profit and loss account as [] by the companies act 1985 and

And , for the first time , the full annual report offered the financially more sophisticated a wide-ranging analysis of results ( given separately for the society and the group ) and business activities that were not required of other institutions .
and , for the first time , the full annual report offered the financially more sophisticated a wide-ranging analysis of results ( given separately for the society and the group ) and business activities that were not [] of other institutions .

Full implementation of the directive is required in respect of accounting periods ending on or after 31 December 1993 , although the Commission has allowed societies with other accounting dates to change for their 1993 year ends if they so choose .
full implementation of the directive is [] in respect of accounting periods ending on or after 31 december 1993 , although the commission has allowed societies with other accounting dates to change for their 1993 year ends if they so choose .

Whichever option societies take , comparative figures for the new disclosures will be required .
whichever option societies take , comparative figures for the new disclosures will be [] .

Similar analyses are required under the 1992 regulations in respect of retail and non-retail funds , which is to be expected , but also in respect of commercial assets , which was less predictable and is a potential source of confusion and misunderstanding .
similar analyses are [] under the 1992 regulations in respect of retail and non-retail funds , which is to be expected , but also in respect of commercial assets , which was less predictable and is a potential source of confusion and misunderstanding .

Since then the Financial Services Act 1986 and the Companies Act 1989 have required us to do likewise in relation to investment business and to audit work .
since then the financial services act 1986 and the companies act 1989 have [] us to do likewise in relation to investment business and to audit work .

Thus press-released information is given to analysts enabling calculations to be made of how the required change would affect a company 's results .
thus press-released information is given to analysts enabling calculations to be made of how the [] change would affect a company 's results .

 We install the operating system as a matter of course and add other software as required .
 we install the operating system as a matter of course and add other software as [] .

Theo Van Dort says :  From the first 1,705 registered users , 53 % required no support at all , 34 % less than five calls and 13 % more than five calls .
theo van dort says :  from the first 1,705 registered users , 53 % [] no support at all , 34 % less than five calls and 13 % more than five calls .

However , one company has required 54 calls to date .
however , one company has [] 54 calls to date .

the company may be required , during the course of the sub-lease , to move as a result of head office pressure .
the company may be [] , during the course of the sub-lease , to move as a result of head office pressure .

Dodge aims to provide a set of financial systems , which will enable users of networked computers to run sophisticated accounting applications that would formerly have required the power of a mainframe .
dodge aims to provide a set of financial systems , which will enable users of networked computers to run sophisticated accounting applications that would formerly have [] the power of a mainframe .

What is required to develop investment business successfully and profitably is a practical commitment to understanding and observing the regulations and to keeping thoroughly abreast of the products and services on offer .
what is [] to develop investment business successfully and profitably is a practical commitment to understanding and observing the regulations and to keeping thoroughly abreast of the products and services on offer .

Incorporation and the damages ceiling All firms with more than 20 partners should be required to incorporate
incorporation and the damages ceiling all firms with more than 20 partners should be [] to incorporate

To prevent such conversion of status from generating substantial tax liabilities , some specific tax legislation may be required to facilitate the changeover .
to prevent such conversion of status from generating substantial tax liabilities , some specific tax legislation may be [] to facilitate the changeover .

Only after knowing what our target is can we go on and set a transfer price that encourages each division to operate at the required volume .
only after knowing what our target is can we go on and set a transfer price that encourages each division to operate at the [] volume .

Again , the trick is to work out the net marginal revenue at the required level of activity and charge a transfer price equal to that .
again , the trick is to work out the net marginal revenue at the [] level of activity and charge a transfer price equal to that .

Mr Gross , on the other hand , felt there was insufficient advice over what information would be required , and was in favour of pre-visit lectures .
mr gross , on the other hand , felt there was insufficient advice over what information would be [] , and was in favour of pre-visit lectures .

 It would be useful ,  he said ,  if practitioners were made aware of the information that is required from them so they can build it up over a period of time .
 it would be useful ,  he said ,  if practitioners were made aware of the information that is [] from them so they can build it up over a period of time .

The first draft provides guidance on the auditor 's responsibilities relating to the audit of figures from preceding periods which are required to be included in , and therefore form part of , the current financial statements .
the first draft provides guidance on the auditor 's responsibilities relating to the audit of figures from preceding periods which are [] to be included in , and therefore form part of , the current financial statements .

Ss 4 and 5 contain provisions under which a charity can be required to change its name if it is too much like another 's , or is misleading in other ways .
ss 4 and 5 contain provisions under which a charity can be [] to change its name if it is too much like another 's , or is misleading in other ways .

In addition , companies would not be required to join trade associations but would be free to do so if they wished ; members would be bonded to the management of the fund for a prescribed percentage of turnover on non-ATOL packages ; and they would also be able to bond at lower levels than those bonded to other bodies .
in addition , companies would not be [] to join trade associations but would be free to do so if they wished ; members would be bonded to the management of the fund for a prescribed percentage of turnover on non-atol packages ; and they would also be able to bond at lower levels than those bonded to other bodies .

The Occupational Pensions Board has issued guidance on the information required from occupational pension schemes where they seek to reduce or eliminate statutory surpluses .
the occupational pensions board has issued guidance on the information [] from occupational pension schemes where they seek to reduce or eliminate statutory surpluses .

The Revenue will regard the above requirements as satisfied by such notices , provided that the information required to be specified is given for each pair of claimant and surrendering companies , and a declaration is made on behalf of each claimant company .
the revenue will regard the above requirements as satisfied by such notices , provided that the information [] to be specified is given for each pair of claimant and surrendering companies , and a declaration is made on behalf of each claimant company .

In general terms , where any tax or duty was paid by a citizen pursuant to an unlawful demand , common justice seemed to require that that tax or duty ought to be repaid , unless special circumstances or some principle of policy required otherwise .
in general terms , where any tax or duty was paid by a citizen pursuant to an unlawful demand , common justice seemed to require that that tax or duty ought to be repaid , unless special circumstances or some principle of policy [] otherwise .

However , the Bill of Rights 1688 had established the fundamental principle that taxes should not be levied without the authority of Parliament , which necessarily required the return of taxes executed under an unlawful demand as a matter of right .
however , the bill of rights 1688 had established the fundamental principle that taxes should not be levied without the authority of parliament , which necessarily [] the return of taxes executed under an unlawful demand as a matter of right .

Customs ' regulations , available later this year for comment , will cover the information required on such invoices .
customs ' regulations , available later this year for comment , will cover the information [] on such invoices .

Flat rate farmers will not be required to keep detailed records , but Customs would expect paperwork to be available if a check of transactions became necessary .
flat rate farmers will not be [] to keep detailed records , but customs would expect paperwork to be available if a check of transactions became necessary .

This invariably gets the required response .
this invariably gets the [] response .

The University had 2000 teachers and more than 10,000 students , each of whom was required to produce a book every year on the nature of consciousness and the human mind .
the university had 2000 teachers and more than 10,000 students , each of whom was [] to produce a book every year on the nature of consciousness and the human mind .

In certain fertility rites in Burma , a woman desirous of offspring is required not only to approach the King Cobra but to plant a kiss on its mouth .
in certain fertility rites in burma , a woman desirous of offspring is [] not only to approach the king cobra but to plant a kiss on its mouth .

Jnana  relates to mystical or magical knowledge required by a spiritual teacher to enable him to deal with the mysterious powers of nature as well as the intuitive awareness of a single , all-including entity other than which nothing persists ( in simple terms , the Creator ) .
jnana  relates to mystical or magical knowledge [] by a spiritual teacher to enable him to deal with the mysterious powers of nature as well as the intuitive awareness of a single , all-including entity other than which nothing persists ( in simple terms , the creator ) .

Early quantum mechanics required that interactions between sub-nuclear particles and atoms occur in spaces which are free of energy and mass .
early quantum mechanics [] that interactions between sub-nuclear particles and atoms occur in spaces which are free of energy and mass .

To own a boarding house required capital in the first instance and to maintain the boarding house as a business venture in the early years the husband had to work as a taxi driver or have a part-time job during the winter .
to own a boarding house [] capital in the first instance and to maintain the boarding house as a business venture in the early years the husband had to work as a taxi driver or have a part-time job during the winter .

When a worker is on piece work , it is even more difficult because concentration is required for the job in order to earn the best return .
when a worker is on piece work , it is even more difficult because concentration is [] for the job in order to earn the best return .

 If man can not create anything or move anybody , if he can not break out of the prison of his total narcissism and isolation , he can escape the unbearable sense of vital impotence and nothingness only by affirming himself in the act of destruction of the life that he is unable to create . Great effort , patience and care are not required ; for destruction , all that is necessary is strong arms , or a knife or a gun 
 if man can not create anything or move anybody , if he can not break out of the prison of his total narcissism and isolation , he can escape the unbearable sense of vital impotence and nothingness only by affirming himself in the act of destruction of the life that he is unable to create . great effort , patience and care are not [] ; for destruction , all that is necessary is strong arms , or a knife or a gun 

Moreover , because tea required a more stable labour supply than coffee the plantation Tamils became more settled , though many continued to retain some ties with India .
moreover , because tea [] a more stable labour supply than coffee the plantation tamils became more settled , though many continued to retain some ties with india .

The expansion of commerce required a revolution in transportation .
the expansion of commerce [] a revolution in transportation .

They were not required to wear normal police uniform , or to cut their hair short , both of which were considered demeaning .
they were not [] to wear normal police uniform , or to cut their hair short , both of which were considered demeaning .

For the first time headmen were supposed to report all crime directly to the magistrate , who was in turn required to record the case even if there was no specific person accused .
for the first time headmen were supposed to report all crime directly to the magistrate , who was in turn [] to record the case even if there was no specific person accused .

Despite this opposition , the government went ahead and enacted legislation which required magistrates to hear all complaints orally .
despite this opposition , the government went ahead and enacted legislation which [] magistrates to hear all complaints orally .

Legislation was passed which required that persons who had been sentenced to an aggregate of more than three months imprisonment during the past seven years be committed to a superior court when charged with another offence .
legislation was passed which [] that persons who had been sentenced to an aggregate of more than three months imprisonment during the past seven years be committed to a superior court when charged with another offence .

Habitual criminals were also required to report once a month to a police station after they were released .
habitual criminals were also [] to report once a month to a police station after they were released .

Restitution could be required as a part of a punishment .
restitution could be [] as a part of a punishment .

Others were purchased cheaply for agricultural use by villagers who were willing to do without the sale vouchers which were sometimes required by the government .
others were purchased cheaply for agricultural use by villagers who were willing to do without the sale vouchers which were sometimes [] by the government .

In the pre-colonial Kandyan courts persons found guilty of cattle stealing were not imprisoned , but were instead required to render compensation to the injured party .
in the pre-colonial kandyan courts persons found guilty of cattle stealing were not imprisoned , but were instead [] to render compensation to the injured party .

Persons tending cattle were to be required to have certificates for animals found outside of their branded subdivisions .
persons tending cattle were to be [] to have certificates for animals found outside of their branded subdivisions .

From this illustration is may be seen why , for choosing a course of action ,  Face facts  may be the only imperative required .
from this illustration is may be seen why , for choosing a course of action ,  face facts  may be the only imperative [] .

close oneself to awareness from other viewpoints ; indeed , if full awareness were , required for the intelligent choosing of means , our thesis would invite the rejoinder : -  If  Be good '  follows from   Be aware from all viewpoints '  , why does not the urgent need to be aware of the people with whom we deal compel us all to be moral ?
close oneself to awareness from other viewpoints ; indeed , if full awareness were , [] for the intelligent choosing of means , our thesis would invite the rejoinder : -  if  be good '  follows from   be aware from all viewpoints '  , why does not the urgent need to be aware of the people with whom we deal compel us all to be moral ?

The agreements with Penge Council required the company to contribute 6,100 towards the reinstatement of pavements and any road widening necessary and to pave the whole width of the road with wood blocks in front of all places of worship .
the agreements with penge council [] the company to contribute 6,100 towards the reinstatement of pavements and any road widening necessary and to pave the whole width of the road with wood blocks in front of all places of worship .

On 7 April 1906 it was announced that current could now be obtained from the Beckenham Power Station and that guard wires as required by the Post Office had now been fixed near Penge entrance to the Crystal Palace .
on 7 april 1906 it was announced that current could now be obtained from the beckenham power station and that guard wires as [] by the post office had now been fixed near penge entrance to the crystal palace .

The MetropolitaN tramways in North London had evidently over-estimated the number of single deck cars required to serve Alexandra Palace and offered two on loan to the South Metropolitan Co. in 1920 .
the metropolitan tramways in north london had evidently over-estimated the number of single deck cars [] to serve alexandra palace and offered two on loan to the south metropolitan co. in 1920 .

Apparently the Company did not possess an additional bamboo pole for Selby Road , and the one from the Robin Hood had to be carried there resting on the backs of the seats of the upper deck of a car when required .
apparently the company did not possess an additional bamboo pole for selby road , and the one from the robin hood had to be carried there resting on the backs of the seats of the upper deck of a car when [] .

Now that trolleybuses were established on the Crystal Palace route , the regulator 's sentry box at the Robin Hood was no longer required and the lease of the site was terminated on 24 May 1937 .
now that trolleybuses were established on the crystal palace route , the regulator 's sentry box at the robin hood was no longer [] and the lease of the site was terminated on 24 may 1937 .

It was found that one additional car was required on route 42 , to cover the slightly extended journey time .
it was found that one additional car was [] on route 42 , to cover the slightly extended journey time .

Destination boxes were set on high stanchions above the ends of the upper deck and had glazed openings in the back , so no deck lights were required .
destination boxes were set on high stanchions above the ends of the upper deck and had glazed openings in the back , so no deck lights were [] .

Croydon cars already had cushioned seats of the highest standard on both decks and chromium plated handrails , so that they required less modification than the ex-L.C.C .
croydon cars already had cushioned seats of the highest standard on both decks and chromium plated handrails , so that they [] less modification than the ex-l.c.c .

The techniques required for scrummaging have not changed and the sound scrummaging pack will still reap benefits from its skills .
the techniques [] for scrummaging have not changed and the sound scrummaging pack will still reap benefits from its skills .

Firstly , to allow the mark , as it was , to be made anywhere in the field of play and subsequent kick to be allowed directly into touch , if so required . This has the following points in its favour :
firstly , to allow the mark , as it was , to be made anywhere in the field of play and subsequent kick to be allowed directly into touch , if so [] . this has the following points in its favour :

 At international level coaching is hardly required .
 at international level coaching is hardly [] .

Roebuck 's ankle required surgery to repair the lateral and medial ligaments .
roebuck 's ankle [] surgery to repair the lateral and medial ligaments .

The Green Paper points out that the pace of change in auditing has been slower than will be required .
the green paper points out that the pace of change in auditing has been slower than will be [] .

It suggests that a more responsive system of governance will be required , to lead , coordinate and implement the necessary changes .
it suggests that a more responsive system of governance will be [] , to lead , coordinate and implement the necessary changes .

DONs offer the benefits of high-capacity digital communications , but can be accessed , if required , via existing analogue links .
dons offer the benefits of high-capacity digital communications , but can be accessed , if [] , via existing analogue links .

All are accessible via a range of criteria , including property involved , borrower status and loan amount required .
all are accessible via a range of criteria , including property involved , borrower status and loan amount [] .

Care should be taken in ensuring that any funds not immediately required for either the building of a new church or other charitable purposes are invested in what are known as qualifying investments as prescribed in Sch 20 Taxes Act 1988 .
care should be taken in ensuring that any funds not immediately [] for either the building of a new church or other charitable purposes are invested in what are known as qualifying investments as prescribed in sch 20 taxes act 1988 .

The documents that are sent to the Companies Registration Office for the registration of a single-member company are the same as those required for multi-member companies .
the documents that are sent to the companies registration office for the registration of a single-member company are the same as those [] for multi-member companies .

One subscriber to the memorandum is required , and must take at least one share where there is a share capital so that the company 's minimum share capital is 1 and not 2 as in the case of multi-member companies .
one subscriber to the memorandum is [] , and must take at least one share where there is a share capital so that the company 's minimum share capital is 1 and not 2 as in the case of multi-member companies .

No company resolutions are required and there are no Companies Registration Office filing requirements .
no company resolutions are [] and there are no companies registration office filing requirements .

Where this has been done and the company has also dispensed by elective resolution with the requirement to lay its accounts and reports before a general meeting , it will mean that in the single-member company no member meetings will be required .
where this has been done and the company has also dispensed by elective resolution with the requirement to lay its accounts and reports before a general meeting , it will mean that in the single-member company no member meetings will be [] .

The full list of required information is set out in Insolvency Rule 5.3 .
the full list of [] information is set out in insolvency rule 5.3 .

Do you include short biographies of your executive directors as well as the required ones for non-executive directors ?
do you include short biographies of your executive directors as well as the [] ones for non-executive directors ?

The paper addressed at some length methods of accounting for convertible debt that seek to address the hybrid nature of such debt by accounting separately for its debt and equity components , although it did not propose that such methods be required .
the paper addressed at some length methods of accounting for convertible debt that seek to address the hybrid nature of such debt by accounting separately for its debt and equity components , although it did not propose that such methods be [] .

On insurance business the bank now makes provision where necessary for the estimated amount required over and above unearned premiums to meet future claims and related expenses .
on insurance business the bank now makes provision where necessary for the estimated amount [] over and above unearned premiums to meet future claims and related expenses .

 However , it recommends that the auditor should have a duty to report direct to the regulator and should be required to examine and comment on the effectiveness of the internal controls the trustees have established .
 however , it recommends that the auditor should have a duty to report direct to the regulator and should be [] to examine and comment on the effectiveness of the internal controls the trustees have established .

Any trustee who ceases to be one should also be required to inform the regulator about any circumstances the regulator should be aware of in connection with the trustee 's stepping-down .
any trustee who ceases to be one should also be [] to inform the regulator about any circumstances the regulator should be aware of in connection with the trustee 's stepping-down .

Thus , given the complexity of the legislation required to give effect to the other proposed amendments , the relief is to be restricted to this situation only .
thus , given the complexity of the legislation [] to give effect to the other proposed amendments , the relief is to be restricted to this situation only .

Concern was expressed that where trustees , particularly professional trustees , seek to limit the warranties and indemnities that may be required when they sell shares in a private company , an indirect provision of funds is made to the non-resident settlement .
concern was expressed that where trustees , particularly professional trustees , seek to limit the warranties and indemnities that may be [] when they sell shares in a private company , an indirect provision of funds is made to the non-resident settlement .

As this disclosure is only required where the market value can be readily obtained , the costs to preparers should be small .
as this disclosure is only [] where the market value can be readily obtained , the costs to preparers should be small .

Respondents are asked to indicate the method of accounting for convertible debt which they consider should be required .
respondents are asked to indicate the method of accounting for convertible debt which they consider should be [] .

The difference between the net proceeds of an instrument and the total amount of the payments ( or other transfers of economic benefits ) which the issuer may be required to make in respect of the instrument .
the difference between the net proceeds of an instrument and the total amount of the payments ( or other transfers of economic benefits ) which the issuer may be [] to make in respect of the instrument .

Shares and warrants should be accounted for as required by paragraphs 33-42 .
shares and warrants should be accounted for as [] by paragraphs 33-42 .

Where the amount of payments required by a debt instrument is contingent on uncertain future events , for example changes in an index , finance costs should initially be based on the circumstances at the date of issue .
where the amount of payments [] by a debt instrument is contingent on uncertain future events , for example changes in an index , finance costs should initially be based on the circumstances at the date of issue .

The disclosures required by the following paragraphs should be made in addition to those required by paragraphs 22 , 28 , 29 , 32 , 34 , 44 and 46 above .
the disclosures [] by the following paragraphs should be made in addition to those [] by paragraphs 22 , 28 , 29 , 32 , 34 , 44 and 46 above .

Where convertible debt , non-equity interests in shareholders ' funds or non-equity interests in minority interests , are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements rather than on the face of the balance sheet ( as required by paragraphs 22 , 34 or 44 ) on the grounds that they are not material , the relevant caption on the face of the balance sheet should state that convertible debt or non-equity interests ( as the case may be ) are included .
where convertible debt , non-equity interests in shareholders ' funds or non-equity interests in minority interests , are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements rather than on the face of the balance sheet ( as [] by paragraphs 22 , 34 or 44 ) on the grounds that they are not material , the relevant caption on the face of the balance sheet should state that convertible debt or non-equity interests ( as the case may be ) are included .

The disclosure required by paragraph 51 need not be given for equity shares which have the following features :
the disclosure [] by paragraph 51 need not be given for equity shares which have the following features :

Shares which the holder may or will be required to redeem are also not equity shares , since they do not form part of the residual interest in the company .
shares which the holder may or will be [] to redeem are also not equity shares , since they do not form part of the residual interest in the company .

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

As the debt can not be required to be redeemed , its value after the primary period has expired is negligible and , in practice , there will usually be arrangements to transfer it to a party friendly to the issuer or to enable the issuer to elect effectively to redeem the debt for a token amount .
as the debt can not be [] to be redeemed , its value after the primary period has expired is negligible and , in practice , there will usually be arrangements to transfer it to a party friendly to the issuer or to enable the issuer to elect effectively to redeem the debt for a token amount .

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

The substance of such an arrangement is that the debt is repaid over the primary period and the payments required by the debt should be apportioned between a finance charge for each accounting period and the effective reduction of the principal amount .
the substance of such an arrangement is that the debt is repaid over the primary period and the payments [] by the debt should be apportioned between a finance charge for each accounting period and the effective reduction of the principal amount .

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

Analysis and required accounting
analysis and [] accounting

When a company issues warrants its only obligation is to issue shares at a fixed price , if so required by the holder .
when a company issues warrants its only obligation is to issue shares at a fixed price , if so [] by the holder .

The Discussion Paper illustrated  split accounting  and  the imputed interest method  and sought respondents ' views on them , although it did not propose that these methods be required .
the discussion paper illustrated  split accounting  and  the imputed interest method  and sought respondents ' views on them , although it did not propose that these methods be [] .

The majority of the respondents who addressed the issue agreed that such methods should not be required , giving as their reasons complexity and subjectivity .
the majority of the respondents who addressed the issue agreed that such methods should not be [] , giving as their reasons complexity and subjectivity .

If the amount notified is wrong , a simple call to the bank asking it to suspend collection is all that is required to ensure that no money is transferred .
if the amount notified is wrong , a simple call to the bank asking it to suspend collection is all that is [] to ensure that no money is transferred .

Where a departure affects only the corresponding amounts , the disclosures required by this abstract should be given for those corresponding amounts .
where a departure affects only the corresponding amounts , the disclosures [] by this abstract should be given for those corresponding amounts .

The interpretation required by this abstract should be adopted in financial statements relating to accounting periods ending on or after 23 December 1992 .
the interpretation [] by this abstract should be adopted in financial statements relating to accounting periods ending on or after 23 december 1992 .

On application members will be required to confirm that they have complied with these guidelines on an annual basis .
on application members will be [] to confirm that they have complied with these guidelines on an annual basis .

Members in categories 3 and 4 will be required to keep their own records which they may be required to submit to the Institute .
members in categories 3 and 4 will be [] to keep their own records which they may be [] to submit to the institute .

The couple are legally required to show they are the prospective parents .
the couple are legally [] to show they are the prospective parents .

Then treatment is required .
then treatment is [] .

Since Ruth was required to be less and less with the children she found herself with too much time on her hands , and since she was unused to idleness she found the vacant hours trying .
since ruth was [] to be less and less with the children she found herself with too much time on her hands , and since she was unused to idleness she found the vacant hours trying .

In the eight matches the Irish required 15 replacements for injured players .
in the eight matches the irish [] 15 replacements for injured players .

What it means , eventually , is that a smaller base of committed players will have to shoulder the burdens and , in a country that remains strictly amateur , a coterie of liberal employers will be required to grace the scene .
what it means , eventually , is that a smaller base of committed players will have to shoulder the burdens and , in a country that remains strictly amateur , a coterie of liberal employers will be [] to grace the scene .

Light : Very good light required from the top .
light : very good light [] from the top .

Light : Requires plenty of bright light over a longer period than is required by most other plants .
light : requires plenty of bright light over a longer period than is [] by most other plants .

Good rich planting medium required .
good rich planting medium [] .

Light : Requires bright light over a longer period than is required for most aquarium plants .
light : requires bright light over a longer period than is [] for most aquarium plants .

The tropical form requires similar conditions to those required by other Potamogetons .
the tropical form requires similar conditions to those [] by other potamogetons .

This species propagates rapidly and provides good shade in the tank when required .
this species propagates rapidly and provides good shade in the tank when [] .

Root touch-ups are required every four to six weeks .
root touch-ups are [] every four to six weeks .

The only supervision required is the kind that will keep the addict from going out and buying something to satisfy his craving .
the only supervision [] is the kind that will keep the addict from going out and buying something to satisfy his craving .

The creation of these early drawings required considerable ability on the part of the artist .
the creation of these early drawings [] considerable ability on the part of the artist .

Buttons for  audio dub  and  insert  , if these are facilities on your model , are also in this group , together with a camera/VTR selector which switches you from camera controls to tape controls as required .
buttons for  audio dub  and  insert  , if these are facilities on your model , are also in this group , together with a camera/vtr selector which switches you from camera controls to tape controls as [] .

Finally , to end your Camcorder Day One in good style , check the battery and put it on charge if required , so it will be ready for action for Day Two .
finally , to end your camcorder day one in good style , check the battery and put it on charge if [] , so it will be ready for action for day two .

If the emphasis is on people whose holiday activities are more or less self-explanatory , a main title ( which can be pre-recorded onto the beginning of the tape or superimposed live over the opening shot by your camcorder 's titling facility ) may be all that is required to set the scene .
if the emphasis is on people whose holiday activities are more or less self-explanatory , a main title ( which can be pre-recorded onto the beginning of the tape or superimposed live over the opening shot by your camcorder 's titling facility ) may be all that is [] to set the scene .

In all professional work for the cinema and television , shots are given standardised descriptions so that the camera operator knows exactly what is required .
in all professional work for the cinema and television , shots are given standardised descriptions so that the camera operator knows exactly what is [] .

No real artistic skill is required  just the ability to produce simple sketches which show the essentials of each shot in a sequence in terms of its content , screen size and camera angle .
no real artistic skill is []  just the ability to produce simple sketches which show the essentials of each shot in a sequence in terms of its content , screen size and camera angle .

The lightest of touches is required here : avoid heavily orchestrated music and opt instead for small ensembles or solo instruments  or leave out the music altogether and let the natural sound carry the scene .
the lightest of touches is [] here : avoid heavily orchestrated music and opt instead for small ensembles or solo instruments  or leave out the music altogether and let the natural sound carry the scene .

The transfer is made non-stop , during which the levels of synchronised sound and music are adjusted to mix them in and out as required .
the transfer is made non-stop , during which the levels of synchronised sound and music are adjusted to mix them in and out as [] .

Non-stop mix-transfers are a three-handed job , and you will need the help of an assistant to cue-in the music material and to take care of the changing of source-discs and or cassettes on the replay machine if required .
non-stop mix-transfers are a three-handed job , and you will need the help of an assistant to cue-in the music material and to take care of the changing of source-discs and or cassettes on the replay machine if [] .

To do this , use a stopwatch to time the length of music required , and the actual length of the music on the source recording .
to do this , use a stopwatch to time the length of music [] , and the actual length of the music on the source recording .

Assembly consists of the location and transfer , a shot at a time , of the camera-original material onto a copy tape in the required revised order .
assembly consists of the location and transfer , a shot at a time , of the camera-original material onto a copy tape in the [] revised order .

If more than one edited copy tape is required , the extra copies can easily be produced from off the original recordings and not as third-generation copies off a second-generation edited master  with obvious advantages in terms of picture quality .
if more than one edited copy tape is [] , the extra copies can easily be produced from off the original recordings and not as third-generation copies off a second-generation edited master  with obvious advantages in terms of picture quality .

The more expensive models have provision for mounting filters and extra diffusers to soften the beam further and correct the colour temperature of the light as required .
the more expensive models have provision for mounting filters and extra diffusers to soften the beam further and correct the colour temperature of the light as [] .

As already noted , video lights are great consumers of electric power : for every 1000 watts of light a current of just over 4 amps at 240 volts ( 9 amps at 110 volts ) is required , so safe working practices are paramount when you are setting up and using high-power lamps .
as already noted , video lights are great consumers of electric power : for every 1000 watts of light a current of just over 4 amps at 240 volts ( 9 amps at 110 volts ) is [] , so safe working practices are paramount when you are setting up and using high-power lamps .

Any material which runs for half a minute or so is worth considering , and you can stretch these times to any length by repeat-recording them nose-to-tail for as many times as needed to make up the required length .
any material which runs for half a minute or so is worth considering , and you can stretch these times to any length by repeat-recording them nose-to-tail for as many times as needed to make up the [] length .

We are committed to making any changes that may be required to ensure that we can and do regulate effectively .
we are committed to making any changes that may be [] to ensure that we can and do regulate effectively .

 The highest single total of  no '  answers arises from a lack of cold or continuous review procedures which firms are required to establish and maintain in accordance with the Audit Regulations .
 the highest single total of  no '  answers arises from a lack of cold or continuous review procedures which firms are [] to establish and maintain in accordance with the audit regulations .

 The issues raised are so important and fundamental that an effective response is required by the auditing profession , rather than merely attempts to justify the status quo . 
 the issues raised are so important and fundamental that an effective response is [] by the auditing profession , rather than merely attempts to justify the status quo . 

Auditors should also be required to report to a wider interest group than just the shareholders .
auditors should also be [] to report to a wider interest group than just the shareholders .

Ask yourself if you have completed similar reports in the past to the new one now required .
ask yourself if you have completed similar reports in the past to the new one now [] .

If the report has to be in a statutory format ( eg a long form report ) check the required format while drafting to avoid amending later .
if the report has to be in a statutory format ( eg a long form report ) check the [] format while drafting to avoid amending later .

The reintroduction of stamp duty in August , which is the equivalent of 20 % of the deposit required for a 95 % mortgage , has only served to aggravate the problem .
the reintroduction of stamp duty in august , which is the equivalent of 20 % of the deposit [] for a 95 % mortgage , has only served to aggravate the problem .

In law , a personal representative can not be required to distribute assets or make payments of legacies under a will within one year of death .
in law , a personal representative can not be [] to distribute assets or make payments of legacies under a will within one year of death .

More than ever , clear thought and sound professional advice is required .
more than ever , clear thought and sound professional advice is [] .

Is any provision required , and if so , how should it be measured ?
is any provision [] , and if so , how should it be measured ?

The new book clarifies the treatment of the rules on the classification of transactions and spells out more fully the information required in the case of transactions with related parties ( previously called Class 4 transactions ) .
the new book clarifies the treatment of the rules on the classification of transactions and spells out more fully the information [] in the case of transactions with related parties ( previously called class 4 transactions ) .

This means that a company with a financial year end of 28 February will be required to file its accounts by 28 September if it is a public company , and by 28 December if it is private .
this means that a company with a financial year end of 28 february will be [] to file its accounts by 28 september if it is a public company , and by 28 december if it is private .

There is no need for special rules for classic cars , but if it is considered that such rules are required , the most appropriate method is to determine the benefit by reference to the cost to the employer rather than original price .
there is no need for special rules for classic cars , but if it is considered that such rules are [] , the most appropriate method is to determine the benefit by reference to the cost to the employer rather than original price .

The threshold whereby traders are required to submit supplementary statistical declarations ( SSDs ) is 135,000 for both despatches and arrivals .
the threshold whereby traders are [] to submit supplementary statistical declarations ( ssds ) is 135,000 for both despatches and arrivals .

It is anticipated that about 300,000 traders will be required to complete SSDs .
it is anticipated that about 300,000 traders will be [] to complete ssds .

Sometimes it has been satisfied that no further regulatory action is required .
sometimes it has been satisfied that no further regulatory action is [] .

Most purchasing decisions are based on an internal assessment of business needs , a specification of the product or service required and some competitive procurement process .
most purchasing decisions are based on an internal assessment of business needs , a specification of the product or service [] and some competitive procurement process .

If the potential conflicts of interest are to be managed it is best for the business to specify first precisely what form of finance is required . This will depend on the company 's corporate financial strategy , including the five key liability features :
if the potential conflicts of interest are to be managed it is best for the business to specify first precisely what form of finance is [] . this will depend on the company 's corporate financial strategy , including the five key liability features :

The second proposes that firms should be required to change audit partners at least every seven years for listed and other public interest companies .
the second proposes that firms should be [] to change audit partners at least every seven years for listed and other public interest companies .

In reaching the conclusion that the duty to report required statutory backing , Lord Bingham went against evidence presented by the Institute during his investigation .
in reaching the conclusion that the duty to report [] statutory backing , lord bingham went against evidence presented by the institute during his investigation .

Auditors will be required to give the Bank any information or opinion relating to their client 's ability to fulfil the criteria for authorisation , and to provide any information reasonably requested by the Bank in its supervisory role .
auditors will be [] to give the bank any information or opinion relating to their client 's ability to fulfil the criteria for authorisation , and to provide any information reasonably requested by the bank in its supervisory role .

Management consultancy Kinsley Lord , which has made a study of empowerment , recognises that a major effort is required to bring about a fundamental change of attitude .
management consultancy kinsley lord , which has made a study of empowerment , recognises that a major effort is [] to bring about a fundamental change of attitude .

The Charities Act 1960 , which the 1992 Act is replacing , only required charities to produce accounts every 15 months .
the charities act 1960 , which the 1992 act is replacing , only [] charities to produce accounts every 15 months .

Above 25,000 , full accounts will be required .
above 25,000 , full accounts will be [] .

Mr Randall says :  We will show the greater detail required by the Charities Act , but there is nothing under law to force us to .
mr randall says :  we will show the greater detail [] by the charities act , but there is nothing under law to force us to .

Mr Randall says :  We will show the greater detail required by the Charities Act , but there is nothing under law to force us to . If there is conflict the Companies Act takes precedence 
mr randall says :  we will show the greater detail [] by the charities act , but there is nothing under law to force us to . if there is conflict the companies act takes precedence 

The judges noted , however , that more attention is still required by charities to showing how money is spent .
the judges noted , however , that more attention is still [] by charities to showing how money is spent .

While some will be far more involved in  hands on  work , ie taking a close interest in their investee companies and providing management expertise as and when required , others will provide financial backing but little else .
while some will be far more involved in  hands on  work , ie taking a close interest in their investee companies and providing management expertise as and when [] , others will provide financial backing but little else .

It is therefore recommended that all employees , particularly those in a data-processing capacity , be required to take at least two consecutive weeks ' holiday , ideally including a month-end or quarter-end .
it is therefore recommended that all employees , particularly those in a data-processing capacity , be [] to take at least two consecutive weeks ' holiday , ideally including a month-end or quarter-end .

Objectivity and integrity include within them all that is required for independence .
objectivity and integrity include within them all that is [] for independence .

Among the qualities required in audit committee members are basic soundness of judgment , independence of mind and a healthy degree of scepticism .
among the qualities [] in audit committee members are basic soundness of judgment , independence of mind and a healthy degree of scepticism .

An examination of the draft legislation also reveals that both acquirers and despatchers of goods are required to set up a new register of these movements .
an examination of the draft legislation also reveals that both acquirers and despatchers of goods are [] to set up a new register of these movements .

No audit opinion is required at the interim stage and the commissaires aux comptes and the auditors have neither carried out an audit nor given an audit opinion .
no audit opinion is [] at the interim stage and the commissaires aux comptes and the auditors have neither carried out an audit nor given an audit opinion .

 In these circumstances further adjustment may be required as explained in note 1 ( a ) to the accounts , to reduce assets to their recoverable amount , to provide for trading losses since the year end and any further liabilities which may arise .
 in these circumstances further adjustment may be [] as explained in note 1 ( a ) to the accounts , to reduce assets to their recoverable amount , to provide for trading losses since the year end and any further liabilities which may arise .

 For this reason , we consider that agreement is not required as to what is true and fair within the same timescale as the drafting of the regulations and , consequently , that the debate should be allowed to continue .
 for this reason , we consider that agreement is not [] as to what is true and fair within the same timescale as the drafting of the regulations and , consequently , that the debate should be allowed to continue .

Inter-company loans had been made as the exigencies of the business required .
inter-company loans had been made as the exigencies of the business [] .

It was reasonable in the circumstance for the inspector to believe the information required might contain details of possible tax liabilities .
it was reasonable in the circumstance for the inspector to believe the information [] might contain details of possible tax liabilities .

At the least , the clergy provided the kings , ealdermen and thegns of Sussex with a literate group available for the limited use of their services Saxon society required : drawing up charters , promulgating laws and formulating tax demands .
at the least , the clergy provided the kings , ealdermen and thegns of sussex with a literate group available for the limited use of their services saxon society [] : drawing up charters , promulgating laws and formulating tax demands .

To be a colonel required an income of 1000 a year and a captain needed 200 ; the intermediate ranks were suitably graded .
to be a colonel [] an income of 1000 a year and a captain needed 200 ; the intermediate ranks were suitably graded .

Where men like Bradford of Pippingford Warren attempted to enclose the remaining wastes of Ashdown Forest and succeeded , it was a comparatively rare event ; unlike the Midlands enclosure , which frequently redistributed arable land , the sand and clay of Wealden waste required wholesale draining and massive injections of capital before they could be used for profitable corn-growing .
where men like bradford of pippingford warren attempted to enclose the remaining wastes of ashdown forest and succeeded , it was a comparatively rare event ; unlike the midlands enclosure , which frequently redistributed arable land , the sand and clay of wealden waste [] wholesale draining and massive injections of capital before they could be used for profitable corn-growing .

Harrow topped the league table with 89 per cent of its pupils reaching or bettering the required standard .
harrow topped the league table with 89 per cent of its pupils reaching or bettering the [] standard .

The princes had no choice : William was required to be with the Queen at Christmas and neither woman would part him from his brother .
the princes had no choice : william was [] to be with the queen at christmas and neither woman would part him from his brother .

 No special permission is required for this ,  a Forestry Commission spokesman said .
 no special permission is [] for this ,  a forestry commission spokesman said .

Courtney practised in Harley Street as a gynaecologist even though he has never passed the required exams .
courtney practised in harley street as a gynaecologist even though he has never passed the [] exams .

But these are no greater than are required to substantiate a claim to professional status .
but these are no greater than are [] to substantiate a claim to professional status .

They do not determine the activities of teaching and learning , but on the contrary are themselves required to conform to the changing perceptions and experiences of the teacher and learner .
they do not determine the activities of teaching and learning , but on the contrary are themselves [] to conform to the changing perceptions and experiences of the teacher and learner .

And it is here , of course , that an educational orientation is required in order that teachers might enact the role of mediator along the lines 1 have been proposing .
and it is here , of course , that an educational orientation is [] in order that teachers might enact the role of mediator along the lines 1 have been proposing .

What is required is that the language which is pedagogically presented should be a projection of that which actually occurs as recorded by the computer analysis of text .
what is [] is that the language which is pedagogically presented should be a projection of that which actually occurs as recorded by the computer analysis of text .

In this surgical context , the words are themselves sufficient as pointers to required meaning .
in this surgical context , the words are themselves sufficient as pointers to [] meaning .

Again although there will be occasions when the bare lexical item will suffice to indicate meaning , when the context or the convergence of knowledge of those concerned will provide the specificity required , it will generally need to be supplemented by the addition of elements which give the word a more precise conceptual focus .
again although there will be occasions when the bare lexical item will suffice to indicate meaning , when the context or the convergence of knowledge of those concerned will provide the specificity [] , it will generally need to be supplemented by the addition of elements which give the word a more precise conceptual focus .

Again grammar is ready to hand to provide the required refinement of the raw lexical material :
again grammar is ready to hand to provide the [] refinement of the raw lexical material :

All that is required is that it can be realized as a token which is sufficient for the purpose of the communication concerned .
all that is [] is that it can be realized as a token which is sufficient for the purpose of the communication concerned .

But without such knowledge , the reader is required to focus on the language and make considerable efforts of inference .
but without such knowledge , the reader is [] to focus on the language and make considerable efforts of inference .

When this happens in reciprocal discourse , in face to face conversation , where the discourse develops by the exchange of speaker role , then the situation can be remedied ( given the impulse to co-operate and to accommodate the reality of the interlocutor 's world ) by an overtly interactive negotiation whereby intention and interpretation are brought into an approximate convergence as required by the purpose of the interaction .
when this happens in reciprocal discourse , in face to face conversation , where the discourse develops by the exchange of speaker role , then the situation can be remedied ( given the impulse to co-operate and to accommodate the reality of the interlocutor 's world ) by an overtly interactive negotiation whereby intention and interpretation are brought into an approximate convergence as [] by the purpose of the interaction .

Indeed , the Consultative Paper , para 9 , states that   it is envisaged that successful candidates will have demonstrated a knowledge of taxation at least equal to that required to pass the Associate examination of the IoT   The IoT examination is widely accepted as being of a uniquely high standard , and the revised syllabus for 1994 , incorporating a new paper on Tax Ethics and Administration , will ensure that the IoT examination retains its relevance for the future .
indeed , the consultative paper , para 9 , states that   it is envisaged that successful candidates will have demonstrated a knowledge of taxation at least equal to that [] to pass the associate examination of the iot   the iot examination is widely accepted as being of a uniquely high standard , and the revised syllabus for 1994 , incorporating a new paper on tax ethics and administration , will ensure that the iot examination retains its relevance for the future .

The properties were previously shown at the lower of cost and net realisable value , as required by the Companies Act .
the properties were previously shown at the lower of cost and net realisable value , as [] by the companies act .

It is currently drawing up the goals it intends to achieve , which , as an Opportunity 2000 signatory , it is required to announce publicly .
it is currently drawing up the goals it intends to achieve , which , as an opportunity 2000 signatory , it is [] to announce publicly .

The trial judge himself admitted , before passing sentence , that  all involved in this case have been called upon to endure more than anyone should be required to cope with  .
the trial judge himself admitted , before passing sentence , that  all involved in this case have been called upon to endure more than anyone should be [] to cope with  .

Developing an information set from properly-defined critical success factors will ensure that it includes all the required key performance indicators and that they are supported by the full range of internal and external , financial and non-financial information that is necessary .
developing an information set from properly-defined critical success factors will ensure that it includes all the [] key performance indicators and that they are supported by the full range of internal and external , financial and non-financial information that is necessary .

Although senior executives ' specific information needs differ widely from company to company , the information required does fall into consistent categories ( see diagram ) .
although senior executives ' specific information needs differ widely from company to company , the information [] does fall into consistent categories ( see diagram ) .

Two days ' notice is generally required for withdrawals .
two days ' notice is generally [] for withdrawals .

Some banks , such as National Westminster , charge a one-off rate of 3.50 per transaction regardless of the amount or number of different currencies required .
some banks , such as national westminster , charge a one-off rate of 3.50 per transaction regardless of the amount or number of different currencies [] .

Touch-of-a-button access to all the required information would be the greatest boost to efficiency since computers were invented .
touch-of-a-button access to all the [] information would be the greatest boost to efficiency since computers were invented .

Equally unavoidable is the conviction that it is not in the public interest for any profession to become the subject of so much unwarranted regulation and criticism ( not to mention claims ) that it is unable to retain or recruit individuals of the required calibre .
equally unavoidable is the conviction that it is not in the public interest for any profession to become the subject of so much unwarranted regulation and criticism ( not to mention claims ) that it is unable to retain or recruit individuals of the [] calibre .

The section of the Manifesto entitled The Institute and Professional Success does list a number of detailed objectives that might be expected to help firms increase their profitability , the most important of which is that  unless required by public interest , the Institute should not seek to impose regulations which have the effect of restricting the freedom of members to succeed professionally and commercially  .
the section of the manifesto entitled the institute and professional success does list a number of detailed objectives that might be expected to help firms increase their profitability , the most important of which is that  unless [] by public interest , the institute should not seek to impose regulations which have the effect of restricting the freedom of members to succeed professionally and commercially  .

Directors are required to exercise their powers for the proper purpose , ie for the benefit of the company , and it has been held that the power of allotment is given to the directors to get capital for the company .
directors are [] to exercise their powers for the proper purpose , ie for the benefit of the company , and it has been held that the power of allotment is given to the directors to get capital for the company .

It looks therefore as if the court 's intervention will be required here unless s 92 compensation is given voluntarily .
it looks therefore as if the court 's intervention will be [] here unless s 92 compensation is given voluntarily .

With reliable automatic control systems in place to produce everything required for pay and file , there will be more time to address the client 's other needs .
with reliable automatic control systems in place to produce everything [] for pay and file , there will be more time to address the client 's other needs .

In consideration of this agreement , the accountants would continue to act in the sale of the business and meet creditors when required .
in consideration of this agreement , the accountants would continue to act in the sale of the business and meet creditors when [] .

The Ledingham-Smiths did not pay the 5,000 a week as required , but did continue the banker 's order for 1,000 a month .
the ledingham-smiths did not pay the 5,000 a week as [] , but did continue the banker 's order for 1,000 a month .

The last payment could not be said to have been more than required to pay for such services rendered then or in the future .
the last payment could not be said to have been more than [] to pay for such services rendered then or in the future .

Responsibility for pay has now been delegated to Inland Revenue management , leaving Treasury ministers to concentrate on establishing the required standards of service .
responsibility for pay has now been delegated to inland revenue management , leaving treasury ministers to concentrate on establishing the [] standards of service .

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1986 and 30 September 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1986 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 30 april 1986 and 30 september 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1986 which accounts did not refer to the information [] in schedule 4 part 3 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 28 February 1989 and 1 April 1989 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1987 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 28 february 1989 and 1 april 1989 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1987 which accounts did not refer to the information [] in schedule 4 part 3 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1990 and 1 June 1990 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1988 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 30 april 1990 and 1 june 1990 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1988 which accounts did not refer to the information [] in schedule 4 part 3 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1988 and 8 February 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1989 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the Companies Act 1985
he in bromborough between 30 april 1988 and 8 february 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1989 which accounts did not refer to the information [] in schedule 4 part 3 of the companies act 1985

The accountant is required to do the following work relating to controlled trust accounts :
the accountant is [] to do the following work relating to controlled trust accounts :

The test suggested by Lord Denning was   Did the accountants know that the accounts were required for submission to the plaintiff and use by him ?
the test suggested by lord denning was   did the accountants know that the accounts were [] for submission to the plaintiff and use by him ?

He also suggested that this duty of care would be confined to transactions for which the accountants knew their accounts were required .
he also suggested that this duty of care would be confined to transactions for which the accountants knew their accounts were [] .

Fixed assets plus net current assets less long-term sources of funding , less shareholders ' equity equals the short-term funding required .
fixed assets plus net current assets less long-term sources of funding , less shareholders ' equity equals the short-term funding [] .

That question is more difficult , because of the level of detailed evidence which is required to answer it with certainty .
that question is more difficult , because of the level of detailed evidence which is [] to answer it with certainty .

Financial need , even on the part of a close relative , has apparently never been seen as a situation which required an automatic response .
financial need , even on the part of a close relative , has apparently never been seen as a situation which [] an automatic response .

It enables them to find a suitable assistant and agree with them the hours , times and tasks required .
it enables them to find a suitable assistant and agree with them the hours , times and tasks [] .

As well as a basic management framework , a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client-server application management and operations management .
as well as a basic management framework , a variety of applications are [] to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client-server application management and operations management .

This apoptosis is dependent on c-Myc expression ; its extent is proportional to the level of intracellular c-Myc protein , and it requires the same regions of the c-Myc protein as are required for co-transformation and autosuppression .
this apoptosis is dependent on c-myc expression ; its extent is proportional to the level of intracellular c-myc protein , and it requires the same regions of the c-myc protein as are [] for co-transformation and autosuppression .

Rather , storage of fractionated components for tens of millions of years is required .
rather , storage of fractionated components for tens of millions of years is [] .

Clearly more experiments are required to probe the role , if any , of the C-terminal helix face in operator binding .
clearly more experiments are [] to probe the role , if any , of the c-terminal helix face in operator binding .

Cloned mutated genes were fully sequenced to ensure that the only changes were those required .
cloned mutated genes were fully sequenced to ensure that the only changes were those [] .

The alteration in the level of pax [ b ] transcripts in antibody-injected embryos suggests that a functional pax [ b ] protein is required ( directly or indirectly ) for the expression of its own gene in the posterior midbrain .
the alteration in the level of pax [ b ] transcripts in antibody-injected embryos suggests that a functional pax [ b ] protein is [] ( directly or indirectly ) for the expression of its own gene in the posterior midbrain .

In Drosophila the segmentation genes paired and gooseberry are required for a proper wingless and engrailed expression .
in drosophila the segmentation genes paired and gooseberry are [] for a proper wingless and engrailed expression .

The differences in perceived separation were smaller than those for perceived depth , which is consistent with the different scaling required for size and depth constancy .
the differences in perceived separation were smaller than those for perceived depth , which is consistent with the different scaling [] for size and depth constancy .

Our simulations indicate that , although it is possible for such an iron object to reproduce the Tunguska event , an encounter speed in the range 3040kms -1 is required .
our simulations indicate that , although it is possible for such an iron object to reproduce the tunguska event , an encounter speed in the range 3040kms -1 is [] .

There is no obvious correlation between these data sets , and the changes in height are much smaller than required to explain the variations in gravity .
there is no obvious correlation between these data sets , and the changes in height are much smaller than [] to explain the variations in gravity .

Because fetal mesenchyme is likely to consist of a heterogeneous mixture of cells , we investigated the mesenchymal components required for the initial stages of thymopoiesis .
because fetal mesenchyme is likely to consist of a heterogeneous mixture of cells , we investigated the mesenchymal components [] for the initial stages of thymopoiesis .

All Mr Clinton 's talents will be required not merely to stroke his allies in the Capitol 's anterooms , but to keep the country focused on what he is aiming at .
all mr clinton 's talents will be [] not merely to stroke his allies in the capitol 's anterooms , but to keep the country focused on what he is aiming at .

As the price of gold unexpectedly rises , some option-writers must find supplies of the metal , for the chances have increased that they will be required to deliver some .
as the price of gold unexpectedly rises , some option-writers must find supplies of the metal , for the chances have increased that they will be [] to deliver some .

State employees and Medicaid recipients are also required to join .
state employees and medicaid recipients are also [] to join .

Structural reform by itself , however , is unlikely to deliver the required change of direction and it is certainly not a substitute for the commitment of inside reformers to shape policy and practice .
structural reform by itself , however , is unlikely to deliver the [] change of direction and it is certainly not a substitute for the commitment of inside reformers to shape policy and practice .

It ought to be able to offer more psychological and psychiatric help to the men who inhabit its strange , grey world ; more group work as well as individual help is acknowledged as being required by the staff , including the Probation Officer , who have a special responsibility for it , for these are men for whom the risk of reconviction is often very high .
it ought to be able to offer more psychological and psychiatric help to the men who inhabit its strange , grey world ; more group work as well as individual help is acknowledged as being [] by the staff , including the probation officer , who have a special responsibility for it , for these are men for whom the risk of reconviction is often very high .

At the bottom end of the scale are the cleaners and those in full-time education ; the printing shop pays 3.60 per week and the kitchen staff earn most , in recognition of the seven-day working week required .
at the bottom end of the scale are the cleaners and those in full-time education ; the printing shop pays 3.60 per week and the kitchen staff earn most , in recognition of the seven-day working week [] .

Some of these were vagrant children , others victims of crime required as witnesses .
some of these were vagrant children , others victims of crime [] as witnesses .

After an overall view of the existing conditions in prisons , we are constrained to record that prison organisation in India does not conform to the required standards of a correctional department . ( All-India Committee 1983 : paras 3.183.45 )
after an overall view of the existing conditions in prisons , we are constrained to record that prison organisation in india does not conform to the [] standards of a correctional department . ( all-india committee 1983 : paras 3.183.45 )

They were not required to escort prisoners from court or to other prisons , this being a police responsibility in India , so during the day there might be 70 or so warders in the prison at any one time .
they were not [] to escort prisoners from court or to other prisons , this being a police responsibility in india , so during the day there might be 70 or so warders in the prison at any one time .

Organizing prisoner labour is , in fact , a very demanding job and one reason for the decline in its use was the effort it required of staff , including high level staff , to make it work properly .
organizing prisoner labour is , in fact , a very demanding job and one reason for the decline in its use was the effort it [] of staff , including high level staff , to make it work properly .

Just over a decade later , as the papal curia prepared for the Vatican Council , Cardinal Ottaviani proposed a profession of faith for the Council fathers which would repeat the anti-modernist oath ( no remarkable thing in itself : the anti-modernist oath was required to be taken by all those teaching in seminaries , and all priests before ordination ) and once again to repudiate the errors that had been condemned by Humani Generis .
just over a decade later , as the papal curia prepared for the vatican council , cardinal ottaviani proposed a profession of faith for the council fathers which would repeat the anti-modernist oath ( no remarkable thing in itself : the anti-modernist oath was [] to be taken by all those teaching in seminaries , and all priests before ordination ) and once again to repudiate the errors that had been condemned by humani generis .

Further changes required the greatest prudence .
further changes [] the greatest prudence .

Once the four moralists of the minority took over , and the question reverted back to the Holy Office ( still presided over at this date by Cardinal Alfredo Ottaviani ) , there could be no doubt about the answer : consistency required a continued ban on contraception .
once the four moralists of the minority took over , and the question reverted back to the holy office ( still presided over at this date by cardinal alfredo ottaviani ) , there could be no doubt about the answer : consistency [] a continued ban on contraception .

The only real difference would have been that since Beccaria required his punishments to be public , his offenders would have laboured in the open air during the day rather than within the confines of their prison ( presumably led out in chain-gangs ) .
the only real difference would have been that since beccaria [] his punishments to be public , his offenders would have laboured in the open air during the day rather than within the confines of their prison ( presumably led out in chain-gangs ) .

His utilitarianism required a practical , socially useful justification for punishment ; retribution was totally inadequate .
his utilitarianism [] a practical , socially useful justification for punishment ; retribution was totally inadequate .

Because positivists were seeking general theories of behaviour to explain crime , they also required  crime  to be a universal , objective category of behaviour .
because positivists were seeking general theories of behaviour to explain crime , they also []  crime  to be a universal , objective category of behaviour .

The commitment to a learning theory which explained all crime clearly required the specification of empirically identifiable learning processes if it was to progress beyond the simple assertion that crime is learned .
the commitment to a learning theory which explained all crime clearly [] the specification of empirically identifiable learning processes if it was to progress beyond the simple assertion that crime is learned .

This required some disturbance (  strain  as Hirschi calls it )  such as the  gap   to push them out of convention and into crime .
this [] some disturbance (  strain  as hirschi calls it )  such as the  gap   to push them out of convention and into crime .

The rejection of the pathological view of crime required a concomitant rejection of the  correctionalist  stance of positivist criminology .
the rejection of the pathological view of crime [] a concomitant rejection of the  correctionalist  stance of positivist criminology .

The problem was essentially the same for both classical deterrence and rehabilitation , despite their different aims : there was no necessary relationship between either the amount of deterrent punishment or the amount of rehabilitation required to deter or cure particular criminals , and the gravity of their offences .
the problem was essentially the same for both classical deterrence and rehabilitation , despite their different aims : there was no necessary relationship between either the amount of deterrent punishment or the amount of rehabilitation [] to deter or cure particular criminals , and the gravity of their offences .

By a different route , he arrived at the same conclusion of  proportionality  as retribution required .
by a different route , he arrived at the same conclusion of  proportionality  as retribution [] .

( 4 ) Because the treatment required by the offender varies from individual to individual in accordance with what is  wrong  with each , the duration and circumstances of the commitment must also vary .
( 4 ) because the treatment [] by the offender varies from individual to individual in accordance with what is  wrong  with each , the duration and circumstances of the commitment must also vary .

But in other categories , it becomes rather more difficult to convince people that it is a potentiality of most of us and that no  special  motivation is required to explain it .
but in other categories , it becomes rather more difficult to convince people that it is a potentiality of most of us and that no  special  motivation is [] to explain it .

This is all that is required by postclassical criminology .
this is all that is [] by postclassical criminology .

Again , this is not to claim that we all aspire to it equally : it is simply to claim that , whatever our personal specific goals , some amount of money is almost invariably required for their realisation .
again , this is not to claim that we all aspire to it equally : it is simply to claim that , whatever our personal specific goals , some amount of money is almost invariably [] for their realisation .

he observed :  It would cause administrative chaos if , before any decision , those adversely affected were required to be consulted .
he observed :  it would cause administrative chaos if , before any decision , those adversely affected were [] to be consulted .

Just as Quexos 's Law required , his story had begun with a trio : himself , John Furie Zacharias , and between them , Judith .
just as quexos 's law [] , his story had begun with a trio : himself , john furie zacharias , and between them , judith .

From this small dukedom he managed to prosper , employed as he was in a business which required a few choice contacts , a nose for the changing taste of his market , and an ability to conceal his pleasure at his achievements .
from this small dukedom he managed to prosper , employed as he was in a business which [] a few choice contacts , a nose for the changing taste of his market , and an ability to conceal his pleasure at his achievements .

How convenient it would be if nothing else were required .
how convenient it would be if nothing else were [] .

Almost as many thought that an independent audit committee should be legally required .
almost as many thought that an independent audit committee should be legally [] .

On labour relations he was , understandably , quite clear that his own central direction was required .
on labour relations he was , understandably , quite clear that his own central direction was [] .

Although the power board option was initially ruled out , the Central Authority ( which inherited nearly 300 power stations previously operated by 130 separate generating authorities ) clearly required some kind of regional devolution of management , though they were not , on this side of the industry , constrained by any statutory provisions for regional organisation .
although the power board option was initially ruled out , the central authority ( which inherited nearly 300 power stations previously operated by 130 separate generating authorities ) clearly [] some kind of regional devolution of management , though they were not , on this side of the industry , constrained by any statutory provisions for regional organisation .

Labour politicians , even those with a training in economics , were muddled about the issues , and generally seemed to favour the historic average cost principles , which also seemed to many at the time to be enshrined in the wording of the Act , which merely required the industry to break even  taking one year with another  .
labour politicians , even those with a training in economics , were muddled about the issues , and generally seemed to favour the historic average cost principles , which also seemed to many at the time to be enshrined in the wording of the act , which merely [] the industry to break even  taking one year with another  .

The chairmen were , of course , willing to make some cuts where the national interest required it , but Gaitskell pushed them too far , making what seemed to them impossible demands .
the chairmen were , of course , willing to make some cuts where the national interest [] it , but gaitskell pushed them too far , making what seemed to them impossible demands .

While they were being asked to trim investment , the Government 's own policies were creating additional needs for investment in electricity distribution : airfields and other new defence installations for the Korean mobilisation , for example , required new electricity mains , as did the new housing estates which were a vital part of Labour 's drive for electoral popularity .
while they were being asked to trim investment , the government 's own policies were creating additional needs for investment in electricity distribution : airfields and other new defence installations for the korean mobilisation , for example , [] new electricity mains , as did the new housing estates which were a vital part of labour 's drive for electoral popularity .

Almost all of the remaining capital required to make up the 1551 millions invested came from borrowing .
almost all of the remaining capital [] to make up the 1551 millions invested came from borrowing .

In the  fine tuning  required in year-to-year economic management , however , the record was less impressive .
in the  fine tuning  [] in year-to-year economic management , however , the record was less impressive .

When the economy was overheating and the Government wished to cut investment demand , the over-expansion in sectors such as industry and housing usually placed demands on the electricity supply system which required increased rather than decreased investment .
when the economy was overheating and the government wished to cut investment demand , the over-expansion in sectors such as industry and housing usually placed demands on the electricity supply system which [] increased rather than decreased investment .

Large adjustments downwards required the costly cancellation of contracts ( which the Boards understandably resisted ) , and sheer logistic and managerial problems also limited their capacity quickly to accelerate their planned programmes .
large adjustments downwards [] the costly cancellation of contracts ( which the boards understandably resisted ) , and sheer logistic and managerial problems also limited their capacity quickly to accelerate their planned programmes .

There is certainly no reason to believe that the electricity industry generally wasted investment resources in the manner of , for example , the nationalised railway industry in the same period , which ( far from making even the minimal return required by the public sector ) incurred mounting annual losses , yet persisted in uneconomic investment programmes .
there is certainly no reason to believe that the electricity industry generally wasted investment resources in the manner of , for example , the nationalised railway industry in the same period , which ( far from making even the minimal return [] by the public sector ) incurred mounting annual losses , yet persisted in uneconomic investment programmes .

The position of the Central Authority was strong : they were responsible for the Boards as a whole breaking-even over a period of years ; their approval was required for capital and current expenditure ; and they raised the capital and controlled the reserves and bank-balances of the Boards .
the position of the central authority was strong : they were responsible for the boards as a whole breaking-even over a period of years ; their approval was [] for capital and current expenditure ; and they raised the capital and controlled the reserves and bank-balances of the boards .

Under the legislation this was not in fact required ( only the Boards as a whole were required to break even  taking one year with another  ) , but Citrine and his senior colleagues believed that it was a desirable principle that each Board should break even , and within a few years of nationalisation this was also tacitly accepted by the Boards .
under the legislation this was not in fact [] ( only the boards as a whole were [] to break even  taking one year with another  ) , but citrine and his senior colleagues believed that it was a desirable principle that each board should break even , and within a few years of nationalisation this was also tacitly accepted by the boards .

Municipalities had , prior to nationalisation , often controlled local electricity sales and distribution , and the 1947 Act required the Minister to establish Consultative Councils of consumers , to expand this tradition of consulting those who used the monopoly electricity service .
municipalities had , prior to nationalisation , often controlled local electricity sales and distribution , and the 1947 act [] the minister to establish consultative councils of consumers , to expand this tradition of consulting those who used the monopoly electricity service .

Many older mains also required reinforcement to raise their capacity to match increased demand .
many older mains also [] reinforcement to raise their capacity to match increased demand .

If these benefits were aimed at the poor  the people who really need them  instead of at everybody , public spending and the taxes required to finance it could fall sharply .
if these benefits were aimed at the poor  the people who really need them  instead of at everybody , public spending and the taxes [] to finance it could fall sharply .

 Among a cultivated population , a population capable of abstract ideas , [ monarchy ] would not be required .
 among a cultivated population , a population capable of abstract ideas , [ monarchy ] would not be [] .

He remained silent when the government decided to extend the period of contribution required for a full state pension , thereby calling into question the right to retire at 60 , introduced by the Socialists .
he remained silent when the government decided to extend the period of contribution [] for a full state pension , thereby calling into question the right to retire at 60 , introduced by the socialists .

Dumps are increasingly required to have special liners to stop moisture from seeping in ; to collect and treat any liquid that does get in ; to monitor the waste that is added to a dump ; and to provide for shutting down the landfill at the end of its life and cleaning up any environmental damage that may come later .
dumps are increasingly [] to have special liners to stop moisture from seeping in ; to collect and treat any liquid that does get in ; to monitor the waste that is added to a dump ; and to provide for shutting down the landfill at the end of its life and cleaning up any environmental damage that may come later .

Miss Owada rebuffed the prince on several occasions ; indeed , winning her hand in marriage required so much pressure that the union , billed as a merger , was rather more like a hostile takeover .
miss owada rebuffed the prince on several occasions ; indeed , winning her hand in marriage [] so much pressure that the union , billed as a merger , was rather more like a hostile takeover .

Nearly 30 separate documents can be used to prove that a man or woman is eligible to work , and employers are not required to verify any of them .
nearly 30 separate documents can be used to prove that a man or woman is eligible to work , and employers are not [] to verify any of them .

Effective management of a county interest required the politician to do more than strike a bargain in which a vote , or votes , was the return for immediate patronage .
effective management of a county interest [] the politician to do more than strike a bargain in which a vote , or votes , was the return for immediate patronage .

When the number of new writerships , cadetships and surgeoncies which would be required became known each year , the total was divided as evenly as possible into thirty shares .
when the number of new writerships , cadetships and surgeoncies which would be [] became known each year , the total was divided as evenly as possible into thirty shares .

The Indian civil administration was even smaller , numbering only 857 , with 32 on average required annually to maintain the strength of the service .
the indian civil administration was even smaller , numbering only 857 , with 32 on average [] annually to maintain the strength of the service .

Interest was needed to obtain any office , but all too often it was also required to rise in rank thereafter , and something more than the  ability and character  mentioned by Scott would be needed to take the junior clerk to the headship of a department .
interest was needed to obtain any office , but all too often it was also [] to rise in rank thereafter , and something more than the  ability and character  mentioned by scott would be needed to take the junior clerk to the headship of a department .

If , as the provost pointed out , two watchmen were now required at Inverkeithing , how should Cunnan have a place and Cunningham 's friend be left essentially unemployed ?
if , as the provost pointed out , two watchmen were now [] at inverkeithing , how should cunnan have a place and cunningham 's friend be left essentially unemployed ?

Naval officers required a patron at three times in their career , and it was useful to have powerful friends at all times in order to secure seagoing appointments .
naval officers [] a patron at three times in their career , and it was useful to have powerful friends at all times in order to secure seagoing appointments .

Promotion required successful completion of an examination , and no captain would willingly saddle himself with an incompetent watchkeeping officer when that officer 's negligence could lead to the loss of the ship and the captain 's inevitable court-martial .
promotion [] successful completion of an examination , and no captain would willingly saddle himself with an incompetent watchkeeping officer when that officer 's negligence could lead to the loss of the ship and the captain 's inevitable court-martial .

Interest , however , was required to secure an appointment in this rank , for the alternative was an unwanted retiral to Stirling on half-pay .
interest , however , was [] to secure an appointment in this rank , for the alternative was an unwanted retiral to stirling on half-pay .

Both commands were theatres of war in which many prizes were taken , some of which were added to the fleet and consequently required officers to command them .
both commands were theatres of war in which many prizes were taken , some of which were added to the fleet and consequently [] officers to command them .

The post , in short , was not too easy to give , for it required a suitably qualified candidate who would be willing to serve without any real prospect of personal advantage , and such people are always somewhat scarce .
the post , in short , was not too easy to give , for it [] a suitably qualified candidate who would be willing to serve without any real prospect of personal advantage , and such people are always somewhat scarce .

On the face of it , the last alternative looked the most promising in the circumstances , but unfortunately the principal lawyer employed by the burgh council , Blackhouse , lived in Edinburgh , and was thus unsuitable for a charge which required residence because of the frequency of the court 's meetings .
on the face of it , the last alternative looked the most promising in the circumstances , but unfortunately the principal lawyer employed by the burgh council , blackhouse , lived in edinburgh , and was thus unsuitable for a charge which [] residence because of the frequency of the court 's meetings .

Accordingly , on many occasions the choice of a collector became in itself a trial of strength between the political interests in a county , not only because of the intrinsic attractions of the office itself , but because the collector would be involved in the production of the certificates of valuation required as part of the documentation to be produced for claimants seeking admission to the freeholders roll .
accordingly , on many occasions the choice of a collector became in itself a trial of strength between the political interests in a county , not only because of the intrinsic attractions of the office itself , but because the collector would be involved in the production of the certificates of valuation [] as part of the documentation to be produced for claimants seeking admission to the freeholders roll .

The friends of Montrose who supported the various candidates were very troublesome , for political management required careful and friendly replies , and it was clear that they could not all be given the answers they expected or hoped to receive .
the friends of montrose who supported the various candidates were very troublesome , for political management [] careful and friendly replies , and it was clear that they could not all be given the answers they expected or hoped to receive .

In order for this to happen a decentralised partnership between residential workers and social service teams is required , which ensures joint participation and influence in child care decisions .
in order for this to happen a decentralised partnership between residential workers and social service teams is [] , which ensures joint participation and influence in child care decisions .

With flash , burning is still required to balance a print .
with flash , burning is still [] to balance a print .

Some pictures in his portfolio required even more patience than that .
some pictures in his portfolio [] even more patience than that .

The years spent at Cass enabled Rod Morris to evolve at his own pace and allowed his intuition the subtle space it required .
the years spent at cass enabled rod morris to evolve at his own pace and allowed his intuition the subtle space it [] .

Equipment was bulky and heavy and the process required a lot of fiddly manipulation .
equipment was bulky and heavy and the process [] a lot of fiddly manipulation .

However , permission to photograph with tripod in the Chinese Garden is required , and may be obtained from the Manager , who is usually at the location otherwise , permission-seeking may involve a visit to the Harbour Authorities .
however , permission to photograph with tripod in the chinese garden is [] , and may be obtained from the manager , who is usually at the location otherwise , permission-seeking may involve a visit to the harbour authorities .

No permission is required to photograph the monoline , unless you elect to do this inside a station .
no permission is [] to photograph the monoline , unless you elect to do this inside a station .

Although the New Statesman suggested that it was possible abuses of the law that required assessment , much of the pressure for change , as has been suggested , came from those who viewed with concern what appeared to be the increasing visibility of homosexuality .
although the new statesman suggested that it was possible abuses of the law that [] assessment , much of the pressure for change , as has been suggested , came from those who viewed with concern what appeared to be the increasing visibility of homosexuality .

This increased the ease with which the police could prosecute prostitutes , as they no longer required the assistance of an  offended  member of the public , despite the fact that it was the supposed  public nuisance  of street prostitution that had given rise to the need for legislation .
this increased the ease with which the police could prosecute prostitutes , as they no longer [] the assistance of an  offended  member of the public , despite the fact that it was the supposed  public nuisance  of street prostitution that had given rise to the need for legislation .

Immigrants will be required , as before , to send their children to French schools , and officials do not expect a significant increase in exceptions being allowed .
immigrants will be [] , as before , to send their children to french schools , and officials do not expect a significant increase in exceptions being allowed .

Workers will also be required to work longer ( 40 years instead of 37.5 ) to be eligible for a full ( but lower ) state pension .
workers will also be [] to work longer ( 40 years instead of 37.5 ) to be eligible for a full ( but lower ) state pension .

They now hope that Danish or British opposition will scuttle the Maastricht treaty , because they know that the economic austerity required by  convergence  will be unpopular  and they , Italy 's least popular politicians , will never be returned to power .
they now hope that danish or british opposition will scuttle the maastricht treaty , because they know that the economic austerity [] by  convergence  will be unpopular  and they , italy 's least popular politicians , will never be returned to power .

The capital required reflects how much risk a firm is taking : the bigger a firm 's risks , the more capital it must have .
the capital [] reflects how much risk a firm is taking : the bigger a firm 's risks , the more capital it must have .

Every local authority was required to submit a county development plan for acceptance by the Welsh Office before funds were released .
every local authority was [] to submit a county development plan for acceptance by the welsh office before funds were released .

The work required to bring them there is not a bloodless operation .
the work [] to bring them there is not a bloodless operation .

Cooperation with the professionals required acceptance of the framework within which John 's needs had been professionally cast : that it was their deficits as parents which had created John 's needs .
cooperation with the professionals [] acceptance of the framework within which john 's needs had been professionally cast : that it was their deficits as parents which had created john 's needs .

Eventually the hunger returned , but her comeback to respectability was delayed by a serious shoulder condition that required surgery and months of rehabilitation .
eventually the hunger returned , but her comeback to respectability was delayed by a serious shoulder condition that [] surgery and months of rehabilitation .

The fibre layers are different according to the required stiffness at that point of the frame .
the fibre layers are different according to the [] stiffness at that point of the frame .

This increased stiffness offers more power without increasing the effort required for each shot .
this increased stiffness offers more power without increasing the effort [] for each shot .

There was some smoke there but not so much that he required to use his goggles .
there was some smoke there but not so much that he [] to use his goggles .

Those last would not be required again until they reached the last mile of the return trip .
those last would not be [] again until they reached the last mile of the return trip .

Their status will be reduced to that of assembly-line workers , required to bolt their prescribed parts on to the pupils that pass before them on the conveyor belt .
their status will be reduced to that of assembly-line workers , [] to bolt their prescribed parts on to the pupils that pass before them on the conveyor belt .

Unable to reconcile their view of education with the form of schooling they are now required to deliver , they have regretfully had to turn off the tap , and substitute instead a tape-loop of the sound of running water .
unable to reconcile their view of education with the form of schooling they are now [] to deliver , they have regretfully had to turn off the tap , and substitute instead a tape-loop of the sound of running water .

So what is required is a constriction of awareness which will remove some of the bad feeling and/or make the predicament look less severe or less intractable .
so what is [] is a constriction of awareness which will remove some of the bad feeling and/or make the predicament look less severe or less intractable .

If there remains an insistent voice that keeps telling you there is something  wrong  with sleeping twelve hours a day , or reminding you of how much there is to do , turning into a vegetable may not be an effective technique , and something more explosive or cathartic may be required .
if there remains an insistent voice that keeps telling you there is something  wrong  with sleeping twelve hours a day , or reminding you of how much there is to do , turning into a vegetable may not be an effective technique , and something more explosive or cathartic may be [] .

At some times , for some people , a binge may be just what is required to break through the wall of Dos and Don'ts within which one has become imprisoned .
at some times , for some people , a binge may be just what is [] to break through the wall of dos and don'ts within which one has become imprisoned .

The  Bahamas  crew have worked out that for every hour on the main line , 30 hours of maintenance are required , quite a daunting thought .
the  bahamas  crew have worked out that for every hour on the main line , 30 hours of maintenance are [] , quite a daunting thought .

The Southern member states are pushing for this to happen straightaway without having thought through the format of the export document required by the Regulation .
the southern member states are pushing for this to happen straightaway without having thought through the format of the export document [] by the regulation .

New York State 's attorney general investigated the society and required it to make quarterly reports , an obligation that still applies today .
new york state 's attorney general investigated the society and [] it to make quarterly reports , an obligation that still applies today .

True , he had only been on the periphery , a bit-part player who could usefully be dragooned into secondary roles when a little muscle was required .
true , he had only been on the periphery , a bit-part player who could usefully be dragooned into secondary roles when a little muscle was [] .

 Then you will know what is required of you .
 then you will know what is [] of you .

Dickie had just taken the entrance examination required by his father 's old public school .
dickie had just taken the entrance examination [] by his father 's old public school .

Presentation will be in objective format with performance criteria and evidence required for assessment clearly stated .
presentation will be in objective format with performance criteria and evidence [] for assessment clearly stated .

When knitted in the conventional way , all the needles ( in the required area ) are working ; that is , you use a full-needle-rib arrangement .
when knitted in the conventional way , all the needles ( in the [] area ) are working ; that is , you use a full-needle-rib arrangement .

But as the limits of the human memory did not enable men to retain beyond a very limited number of names ; and even if it had , as it would have required a most inconvenient portion of time , to run over in discourse , as many names of individuals , and of individual qualities , as there is occasion to refer to in discourse , it was necessary to have contrivances of abridgment .
but as the limits of the human memory did not enable men to retain beyond a very limited number of names ; and even if it had , as it would have [] a most inconvenient portion of time , to run over in discourse , as many names of individuals , and of individual qualities , as there is occasion to refer to in discourse , it was necessary to have contrivances of abridgment .

It is hard to see how this explanation can do what is required of it .
it is hard to see how this explanation can do what is [] of it .

If seeing the object is then thought of , as required by Descartes 's concept of mind , as the mind being affected by it , that is , of there being an impression not only on the retina but also on the mind , then the obvious candidate for the impression on the mind will be something that corresponds to the image on the retina .
if seeing the object is then thought of , as [] by descartes 's concept of mind , as the mind being affected by it , that is , of there being an impression not only on the retina but also on the mind , then the obvious candidate for the impression on the mind will be something that corresponds to the image on the retina .

When an increasing number of psychologists could not find what the theory required them to find , the theory was modified .
when an increasing number of psychologists could not find what the theory [] them to find , the theory was modified .

Among them there are two letters which show more intimately than any others the intricate web of monastic commitment , personal relationships , and politics , in which as archbishop he was required to work .
among them there are two letters which show more intimately than any others the intricate web of monastic commitment , personal relationships , and politics , in which as archbishop he was [] to work .

These problems of monastic life and discipline , his two works on theology , the daily routine of monastic offices , together with ecclesiastical problems of all kinds on which his advice or judgement was required , were probably his main occupations during these years .
these problems of monastic life and discipline , his two works on theology , the daily routine of monastic offices , together with ecclesiastical problems of all kinds on which his advice or judgement was [] , were probably his main occupations during these years .

Although the rectitude which he sought was personal rather than public , this did not mean that public rectitude , which had required that the vacancy at Canterbury should be filled as soon as possible , was excluded from consideration .
although the rectitude which he sought was personal rather than public , this did not mean that public rectitude , which had [] that the vacancy at canterbury should be filled as soon as possible , was excluded from consideration .

In 1094 the king was preparing for war in Normandy , and he required an  aid  from his tenants-in-chief .
in 1094 the king was preparing for war in normandy , and he [] an  aid  from his tenants-in-chief .

Clearly he was not an opponent of royal authority , or of secular policies , or of the warlike activities that these policies required , or even of Rufus himself .
clearly he was not an opponent of royal authority , or of secular policies , or of the warlike activities that these policies [] , or even of rufus himself .

In this letter , we hear only of the liberty of his soul and what his soul 's health required , which was nothing else than being freed from his office as archbishop .
in this letter , we hear only of the liberty of his soul and what his soul 's health [] , which was nothing else than being freed from his office as archbishop .

There was only one narrow channel in which these two rival concepts of liberty could be reconciled : the two papal decrees about homage and investitures , which he had himself heard , required his own complete obedience .
there was only one narrow channel in which these two rival concepts of liberty could be reconciled : the two papal decrees about homage and investitures , which he had himself heard , [] his own complete obedience .

But on the two matters on which his own personal obedience was required there was no room for compromise .
but on the two matters on which his own personal obedience was [] there was no room for compromise .

Henry knew nothing about the new papal anathemas of which Anselm was the bearer , and he immediately required him first to renew the homage which he had done to Rufus , and then to consecrate his chancellor William Giffard to the bishopric of Winchester , with which he had invested him on his coronation day .
henry knew nothing about the new papal anathemas of which anselm was the bearer , and he immediately [] him first to renew the homage which he had done to rufus , and then to consecrate his chancellor william giffard to the bishopric of winchester , with which he had invested him on his coronation day .

The archbishop of 1101 , with a clear command which required his obedience , was a different man from the Anselm of 1097 who asked for nothing better than an opportunity for escape .
the archbishop of 1101 , with a clear command which [] his obedience , was a different man from the anselm of 1097 who asked for nothing better than an opportunity for escape .

He may with good reason be regarded as the first of that long line of professional civil servants who did more than any others to make and destroy the medieval Church : they were professional administrators , equipped to forward the interests of government not by main force but by negotiation amidst the intricate issues of law and theology ; men of international standing , retaining the respect of their opponents , and not too hatefully or too personally involved in the cause which they were required to maintain .
he may with good reason be regarded as the first of that long line of professional civil servants who did more than any others to make and destroy the medieval church : they were professional administrators , equipped to forward the interests of government not by main force but by negotiation amidst the intricate issues of law and theology ; men of international standing , retaining the respect of their opponents , and not too hatefully or too personally involved in the cause which they were [] to maintain .

Nevertheless , excommunication required a lengthy procedure of three summonses and three refusals before being finally imposed .
nevertheless , excommunication [] a lengthy procedure of three summonses and three refusals before being finally imposed .

Even before he was consecrated , and perhaps as soon as he was elected , at a moment when , by ordinary rules of prudence , he should have been thinking of equipping himself with all the forms of expert knowledge required by his new position , he chose one of the group of English monks to be his closest and most constant companion .
even before he was consecrated , and perhaps as soon as he was elected , at a moment when , by ordinary rules of prudence , he should have been thinking of equipping himself with all the forms of expert knowledge [] by his new position , he chose one of the group of english monks to be his closest and most constant companion .

To the bishops of Dublin and Waterford ( and later of Limerick ) , Anselm wrote as a superior who could , when circumstances required , enforce his authority with discipline .
to the bishops of dublin and waterford ( and later of limerick ) , anselm wrote as a superior who could , when circumstances [] , enforce his authority with discipline .

The legislation mandates that imported or factory-made goods be identified as such and required that any objects offered for sale as  Indian  must be accompanied by proof that their maker or makers are of Indian ancestry , i.e .
the legislation mandates that imported or factory-made goods be identified as such and [] that any objects offered for sale as  indian  must be accompanied by proof that their maker or makers are of indian ancestry , i.e .

Preliminary estimates from the Ministry of Culture suggest that 180 billion roubles will be required to enact the programme .
preliminary estimates from the ministry of culture suggest that 180 billion roubles will be [] to enact the programme .

Exceptions will be made , of course , for exhibitions abroad , but in such cases sound security conditions will be required .
exceptions will be made , of course , for exhibitions abroad , but in such cases sound security conditions will be [] .

The application for an export licence was withdrawn as each leaf was now worth less than the limit of 35,000 , beyond which an export licence is required .
the application for an export licence was withdrawn as each leaf was now worth less than the limit of 35,000 , beyond which an export licence is [] .

Is that expiation required ?
is that expiation [] ?

 Is it required ? Only in my movies is it required , hah-hah ! Not in life in general it 's not , no . 
 is it [] ? only in my movies is it [] , hah-hah ! not in life in general it 's not , no . 

Discs viable , a second halfway decent act was required .
discs viable , a second halfway decent act was [] .

The koonkies carry the tree trunks that will form the walls of the stockade and can even break off a branch to the required length with their feet if commanded to do so .
the koonkies carry the tree trunks that will form the walls of the stockade and can even break off a branch to the [] length with their feet if commanded to do so .

The egg needs to be extremely large because it contains the nourishment required to produce a most precocious chick .
the egg needs to be extremely large because it contains the nourishment [] to produce a most precocious chick .

Far fewer work-hours will be required to produce goods and services to the level needed to meet all the basic requirements for food , shelter , leisure , and health of the entire population , including the very old .
far fewer work-hours will be [] to produce goods and services to the level needed to meet all the basic requirements for food , shelter , leisure , and health of the entire population , including the very old .

This experience , which spread at an unusually fast pace in our period , especially among manual workers , required adjustment on the part of individuals and society .
this experience , which spread at an unusually fast pace in our period , especially among manual workers , [] adjustment on the part of individuals and society .

Further research is required if we are to understand better the process of early retirement in a variety of circumstances and thereby build a sounder basis for policy .
further research is [] if we are to understand better the process of early retirement in a variety of circumstances and thereby build a sounder basis for policy .

On the locomotive side an  in depth  examination is currently taking place on No. 6  Douglas  to determine the full extent of the work required for a major overhaul in connection with the provision of a new boiler .
on the locomotive side an  in depth  examination is currently taking place on no. 6  douglas  to determine the full extent of the work [] for a major overhaul in connection with the provision of a new boiler .

During the Vintage Sunday Extravaganza runs , Trevor Hammond explained that donations and new members are urgently required towards the 130,000 cost of the recent major locomotive overhaul and support coach .
during the vintage sunday extravaganza runs , trevor hammond explained that donations and new members are urgently [] towards the 130,000 cost of the recent major locomotive overhaul and support coach .

Finance is also required to secure the future of the Ad Pacific .
finance is also [] to secure the future of the ad pacific .

No gap required between teammates in line-out .
no gap [] between teammates in line-out .

David Campese required surgery and was ruled out of Australia 's team for the Hong Kong Sevens after damaging a knee when playing rugby league at training with his Italian club , Milan .
david campese [] surgery and was ruled out of australia 's team for the hong kong sevens after damaging a knee when playing rugby league at training with his italian club , milan .

Elsewhere around the country Dorset side West Hants more or less sealed the Area 8 title with an eleventh hour 21 away win over Team Excel  which required a final doubles rubber tie-break to separate the sides .
elsewhere around the country dorset side west hants more or less sealed the area 8 title with an eleventh hour 21 away win over team excel  which [] a final doubles rubber tie-break to separate the sides .

Now , let me talk to you about how we shall do what is required of us .
now , let me talk to you about how we shall do what is [] of us .

Marcelle promised her help if he required it .
marcelle promised her help if he [] it .

According to article 3 of the Swiss civil code ,  no person can plead bona fides in any case where he has failed to exercise the degree of care required by the circumstances  .
according to article 3 of the swiss civil code ,  no person can plead bona fides in any case where he has failed to exercise the degree of care [] by the circumstances  .

But caution is required where miracles come into play ; let us stick to the facts .
but caution is [] where miracles come into play ; let us stick to the facts .

These include goals and targets agreed by each expert with his or her head of department which the expert will be required to attain over the coming year .
these include goals and targets agreed by each expert with his or her head of department which the expert will be [] to attain over the coming year .

All required materials are now in situ at the intermediate station , Winchcombe , the trackbed has been prepared , and to date over one third of a mile of track has been laid .
all [] materials are now in situ at the intermediate station , winchcombe , the trackbed has been prepared , and to date over one third of a mile of track has been laid .

In January Dulwich picture gallery showed a selection of its finest paintings at Christie 's in an effort to draw public attention to its urgent need to raise funds ( a further 200,000 per annum is required ; see p.7 ) .
in january dulwich picture gallery showed a selection of its finest paintings at christie 's in an effort to draw public attention to its urgent need to raise funds ( a further 200,000 per annum is [] ; see p.7 ) .

Most decisions have required unanimity , thus allowing reluctant members the right of a veto , though a loophole does allow members to pursue a policy without requiring the assent or cooperation of the others .
most decisions have [] unanimity , thus allowing reluctant members the right of a veto , though a loophole does allow members to pursue a policy without requiring the assent or cooperation of the others .

While it was clear that as long as unanimity or qualified majorities were required , it was possible , as several of the member states were to do , for states to drag their heels and delay a programme .
while it was clear that as long as unanimity or qualified majorities were [] , it was possible , as several of the member states were to do , for states to drag their heels and delay a programme .

As we have seen , most situations had previously required the unanimous agreement of the member states , with most of the remainder requiring qualified majorities under the weighted voting system .
as we have seen , most situations had previously [] the unanimous agreement of the member states , with most of the remainder requiring qualified majorities under the weighted voting system .

When the aircraft reached its required altitude , somewhere over France , a rear crew member was asked by the Captain to switch off one of the pressurisation systems .
when the aircraft reached its [] altitude , somewhere over france , a rear crew member was asked by the captain to switch off one of the pressurisation systems .

Seven more missions was required fro them to complete their tour .
seven more missions was [] fro them to complete their tour .

The final one required to complete his tour was given to Dan the next day , on June 25 , 1944 .
the final one [] to complete his tour was given to dan the next day , on june 25 , 1944 .

The pilot would then be required to taxi round and round the launcher , gradually increasing speed .
the pilot would then be [] to taxi round and round the launcher , gradually increasing speed .

The report concluded  the capacity of the catapult is at present somewhat restricted , and other mechanical means of launching aircraft may have to be adopted by force of circumstance unless in the meantime aircraft designers find new means of lessening the length of take-off required  .
the report concluded  the capacity of the catapult is at present somewhat restricted , and other mechanical means of launching aircraft may have to be adopted by force of circumstance unless in the meantime aircraft designers find new means of lessening the length of take-off []  .

One more floor was required .
one more floor was [] .

Three names , three numbers , appointments required that day .
three names , three numbers , appointments [] that day .

Being of a so-called good family does n't mean much these days , and the sort of money required to keep things ticking over a few years back does n't get you anywhere now .
being of a so-called good family does n't mean much these days , and the sort of money [] to keep things ticking over a few years back does n't get you anywhere now .

He had heard that the Feds at Lockerbie had been good as gold , working at the pace required , picking up on every small detail provided by the forensic team at Farnborough , where the 747 had been reconstructed .
he had heard that the feds at lockerbie had been good as gold , working at the pace [] , picking up on every small detail provided by the forensic team at farnborough , where the 747 had been reconstructed .

He was required to leave his car outside the perimeter fence .
he was [] to leave his car outside the perimeter fence .

Already colour and form were coming together , but the drawing lacked contrast and required sharpening up .
already colour and form were coming together , but the drawing lacked contrast and [] sharpening up .

My own preferred method of working is to lay the Oilbars out on a marble slab and apply them directly to the canvas , mixing colour into colour as the picture develops , using fingers and rags to extend or blend as required .
my own preferred method of working is to lay the oilbars out on a marble slab and apply them directly to the canvas , mixing colour into colour as the picture develops , using fingers and rags to extend or blend as [] .

Under the present access agreements climbing is banned in the gorge from April until October , with climbers required to have third party insurance .
under the present access agreements climbing is banned in the gorge from april until october , with climbers [] to have third party insurance .

There are only so many ways to describe a pitch and there is very little need to alter descriptions if the existing ones work perfectly well , thus cutting down on the number of major rewrites required .
there are only so many ways to describe a pitch and there is very little need to alter descriptions if the existing ones work perfectly well , thus cutting down on the number of major rewrites [] .

Headway is goal-orientated : every aspect of the course has been designed to take students through and beyond the intermediate plateau to the advanced standard of English required at university and professional levels .
headway is goal-orientated : every aspect of the course has been designed to take students through and beyond the intermediate plateau to the advanced standard of english [] at university and professional levels .

No previous knowledge of literature is required either by the teacher or by the students .
no previous knowledge of literature is [] either by the teacher or by the students .

No specialist knowledge or previous experience of translation is required .
no specialist knowledge or previous experience of translation is [] .

Pupils are not simply presented with rules ; instead they are required to think about the new language and are guided to work out the rules of the language themselves .
pupils are not simply presented with rules ; instead they are [] to think about the new language and are guided to work out the rules of the language themselves .

They are required to think about the new language and with guidance are helped to work out the rules of grammar for themselves .
they are [] to think about the new language and with guidance are helped to work out the rules of grammar for themselves .

Maintenance was performed under the direction of the late John King , whose eleven man crew attended to making sure each of the aircraft was ready for its required film assignment .
maintenance was performed under the direction of the late john king , whose eleven man crew attended to making sure each of the aircraft was ready for its [] film assignment .

Reports indicate that plug-fouling was a constant problem and was attributed to the lower power settings required to work with the helicopter cameraship .
reports indicate that plug-fouling was a constant problem and was attributed to the lower power settings [] to work with the helicopter cameraship .

It is known that early French experiments to manufacture hydrogen in this type of situation for a small unmanned balloon of 1,000 cubic feet , required 1,000lbs of iron and 500lbs of acid to generate sufficient gas for sustained flight .
it is known that early french experiments to manufacture hydrogen in this type of situation for a small unmanned balloon of 1,000 cubic feet , [] 1,000lbs of iron and 500lbs of acid to generate sufficient gas for sustained flight .

Bombing sorties required exceptional skill and technical accuracy on the part of the Lincoln aircrews , particularly the navigation plotters and bomb aimers as most bombing missions required ordnance to be dropped on an exact point as opposed to the more conventional method of  carpet  bombing large areas .
bombing sorties [] exceptional skill and technical accuracy on the part of the lincoln aircrews , particularly the navigation plotters and bomb aimers as most bombing missions [] ordnance to be dropped on an exact point as opposed to the more conventional method of  carpet  bombing large areas .

The little Austers removed a significant amount of the in-flight workload imposed on the Lincoln navigators , however the frequent rain squalls that came over the jungle limited their use and as such the heavy bomber crews had to carry out operations with the required precision in dangerously adverse weather conditions .
the little austers removed a significant amount of the in-flight workload imposed on the lincoln navigators , however the frequent rain squalls that came over the jungle limited their use and as such the heavy bomber crews had to carry out operations with the [] precision in dangerously adverse weather conditions .

This was required as the bandits had a habit of using unexploded ordnance against Commonwealth forces .
this was [] as the bandits had a habit of using unexploded ordnance against commonwealth forces .

The Quakers anticipated results from the claim that abolition was required by  justice and humanity , but is also consistent with sound policy  .
the quakers anticipated results from the claim that abolition was [] by  justice and humanity , but is also consistent with sound policy  .

It required , in familiar language ,  all mankind are to be esteemed our brethren  .
it [] , in familiar language ,  all mankind are to be esteemed our brethren  .

The execution  of the Saviour 's plan required the prudent application of wise and well-judged measures so as not to injure private property , not to disturb civil order , not to expose Christianity to the scandal of sedition , not to obscure the glory of a Kingdom not of this world .
the execution  of the saviour 's plan [] the prudent application of wise and well-judged measures so as not to injure private property , not to disturb civil order , not to expose christianity to the scandal of sedition , not to obscure the glory of a kingdom not of this world .

Initially in the years following abolition most antislavery reformers , though James Stephen was a notable exception , assumed that little if any government intervention was required in West Indian affairs to bring about improvements in slavery ; the self-interest of the planters would be sufficient .
initially in the years following abolition most antislavery reformers , though james stephen was a notable exception , assumed that little if any government intervention was [] in west indian affairs to bring about improvements in slavery ; the self-interest of the planters would be sufficient .

Its travelling lecturers were required to accept and transmit the proposition that slavery was  a crime in the sight of God and ought to be immediately and forever abolished  .
its travelling lecturers were [] to accept and transmit the proposition that slavery was  a crime in the sight of god and ought to be immediately and forever abolished  .

The campaign against apprenticeship in 18378 required no great dialectical ingenuity or intellectual departures by the abolitionists .
the campaign against apprenticeship in 18378 [] no great dialectical ingenuity or intellectual departures by the abolitionists .

In the early nineteenth century a number of different iron hand presses reached a sufficient stage of development for widespread application in the printing of books and required no great skill or preparation in their use .
in the early nineteenth century a number of different iron hand presses reached a sufficient stage of development for widespread application in the printing of books and [] no great skill or preparation in their use .

All could agree on the need to secure appropriate action from parliament and government , but how far this required agitation of mass support at different times and how much deference should be paid to the judgement and tactics of parliamentary abolitionists were points of tension both early and late within antislavery .
all could agree on the need to secure appropriate action from parliament and government , but how far this [] agitation of mass support at different times and how much deference should be paid to the judgement and tactics of parliamentary abolitionists were points of tension both early and late within antislavery .

Currie in particular stressed the need for respectable sources rather than , the lowest class of seamen ' ; impartial enquiry , the need to find the truth , required informants of integrity .
currie in particular stressed the need for respectable sources rather than , the lowest class of seamen ' ; impartial enquiry , the need to find the truth , [] informants of integrity .

And some such ultimate perspective is required if Troeltsch 's method of study is not to dissolve into complete scepticism about genuine truth in religion .
and some such ultimate perspective is [] if troeltsch 's method of study is not to dissolve into complete scepticism about genuine truth in religion .

Often several are required to give satisfactory filtration .
often several are [] to give satisfactory filtration .

One large external power filter is used when large clean-up jobs are required .
one large external power filter is used when large clean-up jobs are [] .

It can be used though for undergravel filtration in fry rearing tanks where high turnover is not required and the food size is very very small .
it can be used though for undergravel filtration in fry rearing tanks where high turnover is not [] and the food size is very very small .

Landscape with gravel , adding growing substrate if required .
landscape with gravel , adding growing substrate if [] .

An aquarium of 36  15  12 should be provided , and furnished with a layer of coarse ( 10mm ) aquarium gravel , upturned flowerpots for refuges , and a piece or two of bogwood are all that is required
an aquarium of 36  15  12 should be provided , and furnished with a layer of coarse ( 10mm ) aquarium gravel , upturned flowerpots for refuges , and a piece or two of bogwood are all that is []

For the casual visitor to the shore , who does not intend to take specimens back to a specially-prepared aquarium , very little equipment is required , perhaps just a clean bucket , and a small aquarium net is useful .
for the casual visitor to the shore , who does not intend to take specimens back to a specially-prepared aquarium , very little equipment is [] , perhaps just a clean bucket , and a small aquarium net is useful .

Fluorescent lighting needs two parts ; the control gear which converts mains electricity into the form required , and the tube , which lights up .
fluorescent lighting needs two parts ; the control gear which converts mains electricity into the form [] , and the tube , which lights up .

The solution was relatively easy partly because what was required by society as a whole fitted in very closely with what the showmen believed themselves and partly because the new social awareness was really only a refinement of those old nineteenth-century platitudes that had always underpinned popular fiction .
the solution was relatively easy partly because what was [] by society as a whole fitted in very closely with what the showmen believed themselves and partly because the new social awareness was really only a refinement of those old nineteenth-century platitudes that had always underpinned popular fiction .

The early feature films took up society as the situation required .
the early feature films took up society as the situation [] .

There were many traditional features in his films and his whole approach to a story was never far removed from the conventions of melodrama , but what Griffith was able to do was to shift the action of any of his films to whatever chapter of history or social setting that his plot or theme required .
there were many traditional features in his films and his whole approach to a story was never far removed from the conventions of melodrama , but what griffith was able to do was to shift the action of any of his films to whatever chapter of history or social setting that his plot or theme [] .

Throughout the 1920s filmed melodrama continued to use whatever social setting it required and poverty and urban misery were faithfully reproduced whenever necessary as on occasions were the realities of work in coal-mines , steelworks , and more frequently dockyards .
throughout the 1920s filmed melodrama continued to use whatever social setting it [] and poverty and urban misery were faithfully reproduced whenever necessary as on occasions were the realities of work in coal-mines , steelworks , and more frequently dockyards .

If we consider the commitment required for the task of learning a language then it is not surprising that there is a large affective or emotive component in the eventual success of the learner .
if we consider the commitment [] for the task of learning a language then it is not surprising that there is a large affective or emotive component in the eventual success of the learner .

The former view finds its sole aim in relation to communication in English , the latter sees English as part of the general educational achievements required in a shared environment with sign language .
the former view finds its sole aim in relation to communication in english , the latter sees english as part of the general educational achievements [] in a shared environment with sign language .

It is this greater openness which will be required if deaf education is to assimilate the changes occurring in the community of deaf people .
it is this greater openness which will be [] if deaf education is to assimilate the changes occurring in the community of deaf people .

As a prerequisite , some examination of the focal achievements of deaf children in schools is required .
as a prerequisite , some examination of the focal achievements of deaf children in schools is [] .

What is almost certain is that a range of methods is required , not a single one .
what is almost certain is that a range of methods is [] , not a single one .

The Lu-Fan operates quietly over a period of four minutes , switching off automatically , but it can be restarted immediately if required .
the lu-fan operates quietly over a period of four minutes , switching off automatically , but it can be restarted immediately if [] .

It is generally worth having as much as 150mm of insulation in most homes , although the comparatively shallow depth of most ceiling joists means that you may have to lay the insulation across the tops of the joists to achieve the required thickness .
it is generally worth having as much as 150mm of insulation in most homes , although the comparatively shallow depth of most ceiling joists means that you may have to lay the insulation across the tops of the joists to achieve the [] thickness .

for an attractive addition , mount an exterior lantern on each pier . An extra slab with be required , as shown , appropriately drilled to feed the cable through
for an attractive addition , mount an exterior lantern on each pier . an extra slab with be [] , as shown , appropriately drilled to feed the cable through

Locate the second strip to the required width ; insert two brackets in matching slots and test a timber across them so you can check with a spirit level .
locate the second strip to the [] width ; insert two brackets in matching slots and test a timber across them so you can check with a spirit level .

They are laid over the existing floor surface ; most are tongued-and-grooved , so only occasional mailing or clipping is required to hold them in place .
they are laid over the existing floor surface ; most are tongued-and-grooved , so only occasional mailing or clipping is [] to hold them in place .

Re-starting a warm motor only required one pull of the cord , but the instructions give advice if warm starting is a problem .
re-starting a warm motor only [] one pull of the cord , but the instructions give advice if warm starting is a problem .

If you are buying a house , watch out for mortgage indemnity ( or guarantee ) insurance : you will probably be required to take it out if you need an advance of more than 75 % .
if you are buying a house , watch out for mortgage indemnity ( or guarantee ) insurance : you will probably be [] to take it out if you need an advance of more than 75 % .

They are the notices which you are required to give to your local council 's Building Control department , to enable them to inspect your work for compliance with the appropriate regulation requirements .
they are the notices which you are [] to give to your local council 's building control department , to enable them to inspect your work for compliance with the appropriate regulation requirements .

The main change is that the periods laid down for these notices are now in days instead of hours : two days notice is required for the commencement of building works .
the main change is that the periods laid down for these notices are now in days instead of hours : two days notice is [] for the commencement of building works .

Five days notice is also required at the end of the job for a completion inspection .
five days notice is also [] at the end of the job for a completion inspection .

The traditional type is delivered mixed and ready to lay by a special truck , and it is simply poured directly where required , or it can be poured into wheelbarrows .
the traditional type is delivered mixed and ready to lay by a special truck , and it is simply poured directly where [] , or it can be poured into wheelbarrows .

You could , if required , then fit a draught-strip to the bottom .
you could , if [] , then fit a draught-strip to the bottom .

No blackboards , desks or text books are required , no special buildings : yet even the least able learn .
no blackboards , desks or text books are [] , no special buildings : yet even the least able learn .

What was different , however , was that formal teaching was offered when it was required , not because of a timetable .
what was different , however , was that formal teaching was offered when it was [] , not because of a timetable .

We consult the professional when help of a specific nature is required , often when the situation in which we find ourselves contains an element of crisis .
we consult the professional when help of a specific nature is [] , often when the situation in which we find ourselves contains an element of crisis .

1.3 Voluntary activities : There are some activities in which teachers engage over and above what shall be contractually required .
1.3 voluntary activities : there are some activities in which teachers engage over and above what shall be contractually [] .

Those aspiring to teach the  labouring class  would be required to show evidence of academic ability a little above the level of those they taught .
those aspiring to teach the  labouring class  would be [] to show evidence of academic ability a little above the level of those they taught .

It is unlikely that narrow initiatives ( like criteria targeting based upon statistical projections of likely future needs ) will provide schools with the workforce which is required .
it is unlikely that narrow initiatives ( like criteria targeting based upon statistical projections of likely future needs ) will provide schools with the workforce which is [] .

Those responsible for initial teacher training can not hope to find time or personnel for the additional input which would be required .
those responsible for initial teacher training can not hope to find time or personnel for the additional input which would be [] .

And yet , what is required , if teachers are ever to enjoy the prestige of true professionals , is to encourage them to reach out into the society they are there to serve , rather than for them to retreat behind their school walls .
and yet , what is [] , if teachers are ever to enjoy the prestige of true professionals , is to encourage them to reach out into the society they are there to serve , rather than for them to retreat behind their school walls .

The act , therefore , required that LEAs provide schools which would meet the needs of all children including those who were suffering from serious physical or mental disabilities .
the act , therefore , [] that leas provide schools which would meet the needs of all children including those who were suffering from serious physical or mental disabilities .

Whilst it was intended that children with minor handicaps would be able to attend mainstream schools , the act required that the blind , deaf , epileptic , physically handicapped and aphasic children must be educated in special schools .
whilst it was intended that children with minor handicaps would be able to attend mainstream schools , the act [] that the blind , deaf , epileptic , physically handicapped and aphasic children must be educated in special schools .

Since the knowledge required will be prescribed , the tendency will be ( as it has always been in teaching ) to present it in such a form as to be acceptable to the average child .
since the knowledge [] will be prescribed , the tendency will be ( as it has always been in teaching ) to present it in such a form as to be acceptable to the average child .

The Education Act of 1981 required that each school prepare a document which set out for parents its aims , objectives , organisation and curriculum policy .
the education act of 1981 [] that each school prepare a document which set out for parents its aims , objectives , organisation and curriculum policy .

These begin with bodily aspects of the operating posture required and the forces which must be exerted to operate controls .
these begin with bodily aspects of the operating posture [] and the forces which must be exerted to operate controls .

In principle , repetitive work is best left to automatic machines but the flexibility of human performance is often needed because slight changes are required either to modify the product or to cope with different materials .
in principle , repetitive work is best left to automatic machines but the flexibility of human performance is often needed because slight changes are [] either to modify the product or to cope with different materials .

It would then be possible to devise the appropriate system for presenting the required information .
it would then be possible to devise the appropriate system for presenting the [] information .

It is a very different situation from a power station control room but nevertheless the same principles of starting by the analysis of the required information apply .
it is a very different situation from a power station control room but nevertheless the same principles of starting by the analysis of the [] information apply .

The power station , the travel office and all other man-made systems have in common the employment of people so that sub-systems are required which are associated with personnel functions .
the power station , the travel office and all other man-made systems have in common the employment of people so that sub-systems are [] which are associated with personnel functions .

Difficulties will emerge later unless considerable thought is given at this stage to the appropriate range of skills required and the consequent problems of interdisciplinary communication .
difficulties will emerge later unless considerable thought is given at this stage to the appropriate range of skills [] and the consequent problems of interdisciplinary communication .

The analysis of required skills ought in principle to have an ergonomics input but in practice it is usually done on the basis of experience of similar system designs in the past .
the analysis of [] skills ought in principle to have an ergonomics input but in practice it is usually done on the basis of experience of similar system designs in the past .

In either case , there will eventually be a need for the consideration of the kinds of human operators required and how they are to be selected and trained .
in either case , there will eventually be a need for the consideration of the kinds of human operators [] and how they are to be selected and trained .

Some of the required information may be susceptible to precise description in numerical terms such as body size and strength , but most of it will be of the  awareness  kind when the designer recognises broadly that particular kinds of people have particular advantages and limitations .
some of the [] information may be susceptible to precise description in numerical terms such as body size and strength , but most of it will be of the  awareness  kind when the designer recognises broadly that particular kinds of people have particular advantages and limitations .

Similarly the range of tasks for which the device is required may not be known in the kind of detail which is available from comprehensive task descriptions but the designer will consider the extremes of what it is likely to be used for and the environment in which it will be used , for example designing a machine-tool for use in a factory has different requirements from designing a powered garden tool where the user could be wearing heavy gloves , will not be wearing safety-boots and will not receive any formal training .
similarly the range of tasks for which the device is [] may not be known in the kind of detail which is available from comprehensive task descriptions but the designer will consider the extremes of what it is likely to be used for and the environment in which it will be used , for example designing a machine-tool for use in a factory has different requirements from designing a powered garden tool where the user could be wearing heavy gloves , will not be wearing safety-boots and will not receive any formal training .

There is excessive reliance on the adaptability of people who are required to adjust to whatever is dictated by economic and technological policies .
there is excessive reliance on the adaptability of people who are [] to adjust to whatever is dictated by economic and technological policies .

The engineering emphasis will be on the search for mechanisms which can most effectively perform the required functions with the human operator in a support role undertaking functions which are not readily mechanised .
the engineering emphasis will be on the search for mechanisms which can most effectively perform the [] functions with the human operator in a support role undertaking functions which are not readily mechanised .

If a required function can be specified precisely then a mechanism can be designed to perform it .
if a [] function can be specified precisely then a mechanism can be designed to perform it .

To proceed systematically , both require that there should be the greatest possible understanding of what the man is required to do .
to proceed systematically , both require that there should be the greatest possible understanding of what the man is [] to do .

The design of the man-machine interface must develop from an understanding of how the man is expected to interact with the machine and correspondingly the design of selection , allocation and training schemes depends on knowing what is required of the operator .
the design of the man-machine interface must develop from an understanding of how the man is expected to interact with the machine and correspondingly the design of selection , allocation and training schemes depends on knowing what is [] of the operator .

For information systems the allocation of function and interface design issues merge into the procedure for considering the required points of human intervention in the total information network .
for information systems the allocation of function and interface design issues merge into the procedure for considering the [] points of human intervention in the total information network .

Analysing a task where the main requirement is speed of response is different from analysing a task in which problem solving is required .
analysing a task where the main requirement is speed of response is different from analysing a task in which problem solving is [] .

The chart is particularly useful for detecting when information about action completion is not available and when an action is required which is not triggered by information from the situation .
the chart is particularly useful for detecting when information about action completion is not available and when an action is [] which is not triggered by information from the situation .

The longest sequence of required activities is the time it will take if no adjustments are made .
the longest sequence of [] activities is the time it will take if no adjustments are made .

Nevertheless , by relating required information to decision points any lack of information can be revealed .
nevertheless , by relating [] information to decision points any lack of information can be revealed .

Even between operators carrying out what is ostensibly the same task there will be discrepancies , particularly if the discussion extends from what is required to the way these requirements are met .
even between operators carrying out what is ostensibly the same task there will be discrepancies , particularly if the discussion extends from what is [] to the way these requirements are met .

Occasionally overlap may have the opposite effect due to the  falling between two stools  phenomenon , two operators at the same level or at different levels may each assume that the other has taken a particular action which they both know is required .
occasionally overlap may have the opposite effect due to the  falling between two stools  phenomenon , two operators at the same level or at different levels may each assume that the other has taken a particular action which they both know is [] .

The techniques just described are no more than guidelines in what remains the creative art of studying and describing what an experienced worker is doing or will be required to do .
the techniques just described are no more than guidelines in what remains the creative art of studying and describing what an experienced worker is doing or will be [] to do .

If such a team is used the required man-hours can be optimised by using the Delphi method rather than a long series of group meetings .
if such a team is used the [] man-hours can be optimised by using the delphi method rather than a long series of group meetings .

design and construction of ships , aircraft , power stations and chemical plant , where the product unit is large and expensive and the variety of required expertise is extensive .
design and construction of ships , aircraft , power stations and chemical plant , where the product unit is large and expensive and the variety of [] expertise is extensive .

In well ordered systems it may be possible to calculate the length of in-house experience required to achieve the required level of expertise in particular topics and compare this with the lead time for particular product requirements .
in well ordered systems it may be possible to calculate the length of in-house experience [] to achieve the [] level of expertise in particular topics and compare this with the lead time for particular product requirements .

No great skill or intellectual effort is required , which is one way of saying that the human operator is being under-used , but the purpose of a routine is usually to avoid common human error such as omitting a step or reversing steps .
no great skill or intellectual effort is [] , which is one way of saying that the human operator is being under-used , but the purpose of a routine is usually to avoid common human error such as omitting a step or reversing steps .

Often the manual has to be provided hurriedly at the end of a project when the budget is running out , and it is regarded as a tiresome chore still required after the essential design work has been completed .
often the manual has to be provided hurriedly at the end of a project when the budget is running out , and it is regarded as a tiresome chore still [] after the essential design work has been completed .

In general , he works on the principle of minimal effort to achieve the required objectives in terms of both speed and quality .
in general , he works on the principle of minimal effort to achieve the [] objectives in terms of both speed and quality .

Some such concept is required to explain why different individuals reach different solutions in diagnosing and providing remedies for particular situations .
some such concept is [] to explain why different individuals reach different solutions in diagnosing and providing remedies for particular situations .

In common with tests , surveys are required to be as reliable and valid as is feasible in the circumstances .
in common with tests , surveys are [] to be as reliable and valid as is feasible in the circumstances .

It is possible to estimate sample sizes required if the tolerable error is known and vice versa ( Yates 1960 ) .
it is possible to estimate sample sizes [] if the tolerable error is known and vice versa ( yates 1960 ) .

The required systematic process is summarised in Table 2.3 .
the [] systematic process is summarised in table 2.3 .

Unfortunately there is confusion in the literature and the required procedures may be referred to as either skills analysis or task analysis ( Seymour 1968 , Singer and Ramsden 1969 , Miller 1962 ) .
unfortunately there is confusion in the literature and the [] procedures may be referred to as either skills analysis or task analysis ( seymour 1968 , singer and ramsden 1969 , miller 1962 ) .

Skills analysis may also involve experiments to study more closely how the required objective is achieved ( Drury and Fox , 1975 , Singleton , 1978 ) .
skills analysis may also involve experiments to study more closely how the [] objective is achieved ( drury and fox , 1975 , singleton , 1978 ) .

In all cases although the reason for the activity is clear cut the means of achieving the desired end vary widely in terms of the path taken and the time required .
in all cases although the reason for the activity is clear cut the means of achieving the desired end vary widely in terms of the path taken and the time [] .

The extreme techniques of isolation , starvation and other forms of stress induction give some indication of the pressures required to positively change attitudes .
the extreme techniques of isolation , starvation and other forms of stress induction give some indication of the pressures [] to positively change attitudes .

That is respectively the key aspects of behaviour which contribute to success and the kind of education , training and experience normally required .
that is respectively the key aspects of behaviour which contribute to success and the kind of education , training and experience normally [] .

Changes in technology which result in changes in required skills
changes in technology which result in changes in [] skills

Decisions are then needed on how to train , which will include whether or which parts should be on-line or off-line , whether the operator is required to function in a mainly programmed ( i.e. rule-following ) mode and how far he may need to function in a conceptual ( i.e. actions based on understanding ) mode .
decisions are then needed on how to train , which will include whether or which parts should be on-line or off-line , whether the operator is [] to function in a mainly programmed ( i.e. rule-following ) mode and how far he may need to function in a conceptual ( i.e. actions based on understanding ) mode .

The required rate of work can be increased by shortening the time intervals .
the [] rate of work can be increased by shortening the time intervals .

Whatever may be the attitude of any individual teacher , if s/he does not receive adequate support from the school in implementing change , s/he is likely to give up , or decide that the innovation is not worth the extra time and energy required .
whatever may be the attitude of any individual teacher , if s/he does not receive adequate support from the school in implementing change , s/he is likely to give up , or decide that the innovation is not worth the extra time and energy [] .

While there clearly was an  objective  discontinuity of subject perspective between selective school mathematics and the practice of some segments , increasingly dominant within some countries , of university mathematics , and had been for some years , it again required interested actors , utilizing the climate of  crisis  resulting from the campaign on teacher supply as a major resource , to enter various arenas in order to persuade others of the  need  for change .
while there clearly was an  objective  discontinuity of subject perspective between selective school mathematics and the practice of some segments , increasingly dominant within some countries , of university mathematics , and had been for some years , it again [] interested actors , utilizing the climate of  crisis  resulting from the campaign on teacher supply as a major resource , to enter various arenas in order to persuade others of the  need  for change .

What is required in history , if girls are to have equal opportunity with boys in school , is both a full investigation and exposure of women 's past  recorded and documented in special women 's history books  plus an integration of women and their contribution to history within existing accounts .
what is [] in history , if girls are to have equal opportunity with boys in school , is both a full investigation and exposure of women 's past  recorded and documented in special women 's history books  plus an integration of women and their contribution to history within existing accounts .

The ties of dependence that originated during the period of slavery became even more extensive in the period of the formal colonization of Africa , and after dependence too , creating economies substantially dependent on a limited range of cash crops and raw materials required by the metropolitan economies which retained control over major sectors of production , pricing and the flow of profits ( Brett , 1973 ; Leys , 1975 ; Howard , 1978 ; Rodney , 1972 ; Davidson , 1974 ) .
the ties of dependence that originated during the period of slavery became even more extensive in the period of the formal colonization of africa , and after dependence too , creating economies substantially dependent on a limited range of cash crops and raw materials [] by the metropolitan economies which retained control over major sectors of production , pricing and the flow of profits ( brett , 1973 ; leys , 1975 ; howard , 1978 ; rodney , 1972 ; davidson , 1974 ) .

Physics and English , the most frequently required subjects .
physics and english , the most frequently [] subjects .

In the case of the former , it is a traditional rather than a vocational education which is required , and as to the latter , the evidence suggests that employers are really indifferent to their education .
in the case of the former , it is a traditional rather than a vocational education which is [] , and as to the latter , the evidence suggests that employers are really indifferent to their education .

They were too old for most of the jobs which provided training and which only recruit school or college leavers , and too young for many of the adult jobs which required recruits to be over 21 , and where employers preferred those who were married , with a family and a large mortgage .
they were too old for most of the jobs which provided training and which only recruit school or college leavers , and too young for many of the adult jobs which [] recruits to be over 21 , and where employers preferred those who were married , with a family and a large mortgage .

The gems are also very carefully inlaid , so that a successful Dex test ( Gem Cutting +30 ) is required to extract each gem whole
the gems are also very carefully inlaid , so that a successful dex test ( gem cutting +30 ) is [] to extract each gem whole

Instead , longitudinal studies incorporating a time dimension are also required for supplying historical perspective , together with a sharper appreciation of change through time and the conditions which generate it .
instead , longitudinal studies incorporating a time dimension are also [] for supplying historical perspective , together with a sharper appreciation of change through time and the conditions which generate it .

But they are required to defend their members from management abuses and bureaucratic excess ( including dismissal ) as well as from infringements of labour laws .
but they are [] to defend their members from management abuses and bureaucratic excess ( including dismissal ) as well as from infringements of labour laws .

Nevertheless , it was found that only one modification to the basic specification of the model was required .
nevertheless , it was found that only one modification to the basic specification of the model was [] .

In the engineering industry , for example , employers were unable completely to transform work relations towards deskilling and standardised mass production , mainly because they were not prepared to undertake the major capital investment which would have been required ( Zeitlin , 1983 ) .
in the engineering industry , for example , employers were unable completely to transform work relations towards deskilling and standardised mass production , mainly because they were not prepared to undertake the major capital investment which would have been [] ( zeitlin , 1983 ) .

Before they reached heaven , the great majority of men and women would be required to spend a period in an intermediate location called purgatory , where those destined for eternal bliss would first be subjected to severe punishments for the sins they had committed on earth .
before they reached heaven , the great majority of men and women would be [] to spend a period in an intermediate location called purgatory , where those destined for eternal bliss would first be subjected to severe punishments for the sins they had committed on earth .

An Ornaments Rubric included in the 1559 Prayer Book ordered the use of vestments and the alb and cope during the communion service ; and the 1559 injunctions required the clergy to wear the surplice during services , as well as their distinctive outdoor dress which set them apart from the laity .
an ornaments rubric included in the 1559 prayer book ordered the use of vestments and the alb and cope during the communion service ; and the 1559 injunctions [] the clergy to wear the surplice during services , as well as their distinctive outdoor dress which set them apart from the laity .

In the late 1620s , some Calvinists attempted to obstruct the collection of money for the repair of St Paul 's , and throughout the 1630s large numbers of churchwardens were summoned to appear before the ecclesiastical authorities for failing to introduce the required changes to the lay-out of their churches .
in the late 1620s , some calvinists attempted to obstruct the collection of money for the repair of st paul 's , and throughout the 1630s large numbers of churchwardens were summoned to appear before the ecclesiastical authorities for failing to introduce the [] changes to the lay-out of their churches .

Ecclesiastical canons now required royal sanction , all proceeds from the taxes of annates and tenths were annexed to the crown , and final appeals against judgments in the ecclesiastical courts were to be made to the king in the court of Chancery .
ecclesiastical canons now [] royal sanction , all proceeds from the taxes of annates and tenths were annexed to the crown , and final appeals against judgments in the ecclesiastical courts were to be made to the king in the court of chancery .

But even more was required .
but even more was [] .

When the attempt to force the passage with naval craft on 18 March went disastrously wrong , de Robeck soon persuaded not only himself but many of the senior Allied commanders that the passage could not be forced by ships alone ; a military expedition was also required .
when the attempt to force the passage with naval craft on 18 march went disastrously wrong , de robeck soon persuaded not only himself but many of the senior allied commanders that the passage could not be forced by ships alone ; a military expedition was also [] .

It was belatedly discovered at Lemnos that the transport ships had been incorrectly loaded so that crucial material , required immediately on landing , had been packed at the bottom of the holds .
it was belatedly discovered at lemnos that the transport ships had been incorrectly loaded so that crucial material , [] immediately on landing , had been packed at the bottom of the holds .

The strategic concept had everything in its favour ; for success it required efficient planning and ruthless aggression .
the strategic concept had everything in its favour ; for success it [] efficient planning and ruthless aggression .

Philip coached Richard in his schoolwork so efficiently that he was to pass the required certificate with ease despite having missed school for eighteen months .
philip coached richard in his schoolwork so efficiently that he was to pass the [] certificate with ease despite having missed school for eighteen months .

Cut a new piece of timber , and mark on it the shape of piece required . When cutting , err on the large size , then pare back for an accurate fit , leaving the new timber about 3mm proud of the rest of the sill
cut a new piece of timber , and mark on it the shape of piece [] . when cutting , err on the large size , then pare back for an accurate fit , leaving the new timber about 3mm proud of the rest of the sill

Hold the lock against the door and mark the outline of the lock in the required position .
hold the lock against the door and mark the outline of the lock in the [] position .

Mark the required position of the lock on the inside face of the door . Mark the centres of all holes , then drill and bore , starting with the smallest
mark the [] position of the lock on the inside face of the door . mark the centres of all holes , then drill and bore , starting with the smallest

If you are fortunate enough to have a modern plastic ball valve , servicing is simple and no special tools are required . First cut off the water supply to the cistern , then proceed as follows :
if you are fortunate enough to have a modern plastic ball valve , servicing is simple and no special tools are [] . first cut off the water supply to the cistern , then proceed as follows :

Unfortunately , nickel cadmium batteries run down from full power very quickly , and it is almost impossible to tell when a charge may be required .
unfortunately , nickel cadmium batteries run down from full power very quickly , and it is almost impossible to tell when a charge may be [] .

It was the plumbing of the latter that required some thought .
it was the plumbing of the latter that [] some thought .

Some 26 billion of capital investment by the industry is required over the next 10 years .
some 26 billion of capital investment by the industry is [] over the next 10 years .

Naturally , a new approach road to the Civic Centre was required .
naturally , a new approach road to the civic centre was [] .

Naturally , a great palace required a suitable environment .
naturally , a great palace [] a suitable environment .

Every visit required further changes .
every visit [] further changes .

Several revisions of its design were required .
several revisions of its design were [] .

The enormous table around which the politburo was supposed to meet would have required the members to shout at each other across oak as old as their collective age .
the enormous table around which the politburo was supposed to meet would have [] the members to shout at each other across oak as old as their collective age .

Another distinction is that some of the approaches concern essentially the children 's developing use of language , whereas others concern the knowledge about language and literature required of an informed and educated citizen in a democratic society .
another distinction is that some of the approaches concern essentially the children 's developing use of language , whereas others concern the knowledge about language and literature [] of an informed and educated citizen in a democratic society .

Linguistic terms are required in order to allow teachers and pupils to discuss children 's own written and spoken work , language diversity and aspects of literature .
linguistic terms are [] in order to allow teachers and pupils to discuss children 's own written and spoken work , language diversity and aspects of literature .

Terms such as accent , Received Pronunciation , dialect , slang or style might be introduced to make more precise distinctions which are required for an understanding of linguistic diversity .
terms such as accent , received pronunciation , dialect , slang or style might be introduced to make more precise distinctions which are [] for an understanding of linguistic diversity .

then showing that some terminology is required to discuss such things : terms are taught in context for a purpose .
then showing that some terminology is [] to discuss such things : terms are taught in context for a purpose .

Terminology is required in particular here to allow distinctions to be made between prescriptive and descriptive approaches to language , and to show that the grammar of spoken English is different from that of written English , and not just a haphazard deviation from it .
terminology is [] in particular here to allow distinctions to be made between prescriptive and descriptive approaches to language , and to show that the grammar of spoken english is different from that of written english , and not just a haphazard deviation from it .

As is argued at length in the Kingman Report , substantial programmes of teacher training are required if teachers are themselves to know enough to enable them to design with confidence programmes of study about language .
as is argued at length in the kingman report , substantial programmes of teacher training are [] if teachers are themselves to know enough to enable them to design with confidence programmes of study about language .

These pupils in Wales do not start formally to be taught English until the age of 7 or 8 ; all pupils in England will be required to be taught English from age 5 .
these pupils in wales do not start formally to be taught english until the age of 7 or 8 ; all pupils in england will be [] to be taught english from age 5 .

Where the reading skill required is that of interpreting such things as labels and road signs , they should pursue the normal targets and programmes as far as possible for their own safety , though they may need help where practicable to interpret these things through other than ordinary visual means .
where the reading skill [] is that of interpreting such things as labels and road signs , they should pursue the normal targets and programmes as far as possible for their own safety , though they may need help where practicable to interpret these things through other than ordinary visual means .

The interest rates are calculated in the way required by the Consumer Credit Act and do not take into account any tax relief that could be gained for a home improvements loan .
the interest rates are calculated in the way [] by the consumer credit act and do not take into account any tax relief that could be gained for a home improvements loan .

The pothole that gives the route its name is passed and a couple of thin moves are required to reach easier angled rock and the top .
the pothole that gives the route its name is passed and a couple of thin moves are [] to reach easier angled rock and the top .

General : No visas required .
general : no visas [] .

The team 's brainchild required no breaking in and was incredibly comfortable  utterly different from the stiff , heavyweight boots that took weeks to break in .
the team 's brainchild [] no breaking in and was incredibly comfortable  utterly different from the stiff , heavyweight boots that took weeks to break in .

Clipped onto his harness were a couple of screw-gate crabs , some RPs and a small camming-device  just the rack required for an overhanging fist jam crack .
clipped onto his harness were a couple of screw-gate crabs , some rps and a small camming-device  just the rack [] for an overhanging fist jam crack .

Climbers under the proposed system will be required to sign disclaimers and check in and out of the gate at Castlemartin each time they wish to visit .
climbers under the proposed system will be [] to sign disclaimers and check in and out of the gate at castlemartin each time they wish to visit .

Group 4 was a floating reserve lying offshore in their landing craft until required to reinforce one of the other Groups .
group 4 was a floating reserve lying offshore in their landing craft until [] to reinforce one of the other groups .

This was required , so the instructions read , for other than commercial reasons : a submarine refuelling point , perhaps .
this was [] , so the instructions read , for other than commercial reasons : a submarine refuelling point , perhaps .

Cut a treated 3in square fence post into the required number of sections to support the new trellis .
cut a treated 3in square fence post into the [] number of sections to support the new trellis .

Slot the new post sections into the metalwork and hammer fully home if required . Check the posts are upright , it not add thin timber wedges and re-tighten screws
slot the new post sections into the metalwork and hammer fully home if [] . check the posts are upright , it not add thin timber wedges and re-tighten screws

The chosen interior frames go on the wall first , including any required end panel . Check that upright panels are truly vertical
the chosen interior frames go on the wall first , including any [] end panel . check that upright panels are truly vertical

Mark the moulding to the required length , indicating which way the cut is to be made . Place the moulding face-up in the box and cut with a fine tooth tenon saw
mark the moulding to the [] length , indicating which way the cut is to be made . place the moulding face-up in the box and cut with a fine tooth tenon saw

The Building Regulations apply even if the new roof covering is significantly lighter than the covering it replaces , and you may be required to demonstrate that a lighter roof covering will not affect the stability of the roof structure , particularly during windy weather .
the building regulations apply even if the new roof covering is significantly lighter than the covering it replaces , and you may be [] to demonstrate that a lighter roof covering will not affect the stability of the roof structure , particularly during windy weather .

Planning permission will be required if the height of the ridge is to be raised , or if a dormer window is added to a roof slope which fronts onto a highway , and roof alterations caused by loft conversions will certainly require approval under the Building Regulations .
planning permission will be [] if the height of the ridge is to be raised , or if a dormer window is added to a roof slope which fronts onto a highway , and roof alterations caused by loft conversions will certainly require approval under the building regulations .

Assistance from a qualified engineer may be required .
assistance from a qualified engineer may be [] .

Once you know the maximum width and length required , you can decide which way the sheet will be laid .
once you know the maximum width and length [] , you can decide which way the sheet will be laid .

The foregoing illustrations emphasise problems of interpretation across cultures , however much of the teaching of Scripture is so plain and obvious that no great intellectual capacity or specialist training is required .
the foregoing illustrations emphasise problems of interpretation across cultures , however much of the teaching of scripture is so plain and obvious that no great intellectual capacity or specialist training is [] .

As soon as the Church spread from Jewish into Gentile cultures further adaptation was required .
as soon as the church spread from jewish into gentile cultures further adaptation was [] .

No probationary period was required before the prodigal son was received by the waiting father .
no probationary period was [] before the prodigal son was received by the waiting father .

Its purpose is best served if the person concerned can take up this attitude , be with it for as long as is required , and then let it go again when stepping back into ordinary life , then there is no risk of becoming over-identified with it .
its purpose is best served if the person concerned can take up this attitude , be with it for as long as is [] , and then let it go again when stepping back into ordinary life , then there is no risk of becoming over-identified with it .

Each replied that he did not wish to see him without consulting his solicitor as the depositions had been taken and it was understood that nothing further was required other than a date to be set for the trial .
each replied that he did not wish to see him without consulting his solicitor as the depositions had been taken and it was understood that nothing further was [] other than a date to be set for the trial .

They were thus still thinking in terms of the  numbers game  when , about a month later , they at last received  allegations  as required under the Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions ) Act .
they were thus still thinking in terms of the  numbers game  when , about a month later , they at last received  allegations  as [] under the northern ireland ( emergency provisions ) act .

What kind of brush is required by the artist working with acrylic paints ?
what kind of brush is [] by the artist working with acrylic paints ?

1.6.5 immediately to bring to the attention of any improper or wrongful use of 's trade marks , designs , models or other similar industrial , intellectual or commercial property rights which come to the notice of and in the performance of its duties under this Agreement , and to use every effort to safeguard the property rights and interests of and and at the request and cost of , take all steps required by to defend such rights ;
1.6.5 immediately to bring to the attention of any improper or wrongful use of 's trade marks , designs , models or other similar industrial , intellectual or commercial property rights which come to the notice of and in the performance of its duties under this agreement , and to use every effort to safeguard the property rights and interests of and and at the request and cost of , take all steps [] by to defend such rights ;

In the event of there being stocks to be disposed of or a period during which essential support for the Licensed Software is required , temporary use of these devices may be agreed by separate negotiation in writing .
in the event of there being stocks to be disposed of or a period during which essential support for the licensed software is [] , temporary use of these devices may be agreed by separate negotiation in writing .

15.2 hereby agrees that it will use such confidential information solely for the purposes of this Agreement and that it shall not disclose , whether directly or indirectly , to any third party such information other than as required to carry out the purposes of this Agreement .
15.2 hereby agrees that it will use such confidential information solely for the purposes of this agreement and that it shall not disclose , whether directly or indirectly , to any third party such information other than as [] to carry out the purposes of this agreement .

18.1 Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement or required by statute , law or regulation shall , unless otherwise provided for , be in writing , and shall be delivered in person , sent by registered mail or air mail as appropriate , properly posted and fully pre-paid in an envelope properly addressed , or sent by telefax or by telex to the respective Parties as specified above or to such other address , telefax or telex number as may from time to time be designated by notice hereunder .
18.1 any notice [] or permitted under the terms of this agreement or [] by statute , law or regulation shall , unless otherwise provided for , be in writing , and shall be delivered in person , sent by registered mail or air mail as appropriate , properly posted and fully pre-paid in an envelope properly addressed , or sent by telefax or by telex to the respective parties as specified above or to such other address , telefax or telex number as may from time to time be designated by notice hereunder .

5 The Artist may be required to attend for up to ten hours per day .
5 the artist may be [] to attend for up to ten hours per day .

Changes requiring Project Committee approval include any substantial changes in technical direction which have implications for the allocation of resources or for time and cost required for the completion of the Project .
changes requiring project committee approval include any substantial changes in technical direction which have implications for the allocation of resources or for time and cost [] for the completion of the project .

8.2 Each Party undertakes to each of the other Parties that it will use its best endeavours to communicate fully and promptly to the other all such background and results as may reasonably be required for carrying out the project or complying with the terms of the Grant Offer Letter or for exploitation of the results in accordance with Clause 11 .
8.2 each party undertakes to each of the other parties that it will use its best endeavours to communicate fully and promptly to the other all such background and results as may reasonably be [] for carrying out the project or complying with the terms of the grant offer letter or for exploitation of the results in accordance with clause 11 .

Approval shall not be required under this Agreement in the case of a sub-contract in respect of which the Sub-contractor and the work to be sub-contracted has been specified in the Proposal .
approval shall not be [] under this agreement in the case of a sub-contract in respect of which the sub-contractor and the work to be sub-contracted has been specified in the proposal .

10.1 The Proprietor shall receive on publication six copies of all components of the Work and one copy of any revised or corrected impression all free of charge and shall be entitled to purchase at two-thirds of the United Kingdom published price any further copies of the Work required for the Proprietor 's personal use and not for resale .
10.1 the proprietor shall receive on publication six copies of all components of the work and one copy of any revised or corrected impression all free of charge and shall be entitled to purchase at two-thirds of the united kingdom published price any further copies of the work [] for the proprietor 's personal use and not for resale .

12.2 Should the Proprietor for any reason whatsoever not prepare and deliver such updating revision and correction within such time as may be reasonably required by the Publisher the Publisher shall be free to employ for that purpose such writer ( or writers ) as it may think fit and to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to such writer(s) from any monies due to the Proprietor for such updates , revisions or corrections .
12.2 should the proprietor for any reason whatsoever not prepare and deliver such updating revision and correction within such time as may be reasonably [] by the publisher the publisher shall be free to employ for that purpose such writer ( or writers ) as it may think fit and to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to such writer(s) from any monies due to the proprietor for such updates , revisions or corrections .

to specify with us the total production team required whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;
to specify with us the total production team [] whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;

hotel accommodation if you are required to stay away from home , and including meals taken at the hotel , but excluding private telephone calls and drinks beyond normal hospitality expected of a director
hotel accommodation if you are [] to stay away from home , and including meals taken at the hotel , but excluding private telephone calls and drinks beyond normal hospitality expected of a director

travel which will either be provided by us or , where you are required to use your own car , you will be paid an allowance of 30p per mile .
travel which will either be provided by us or , where you are [] to use your own car , you will be paid an allowance of 30p per mile .

to specify with us the total production team required whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;
to specify with us the total production team [] whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;

hotel accommodation if you are required to stay away from home , and including meals taken at the hotel , but excluding private telephone calls and drinks beyond normal hospitality expected of a director
hotel accommodation if you are [] to stay away from home , and including meals taken at the hotel , but excluding private telephone calls and drinks beyond normal hospitality expected of a director

travel which will either be provided by us or , where you are required to use your own car , you will be paid an allowance of XXXp per mile .
travel which will either be provided by us or , where you are [] to use your own car , you will be paid an allowance of xxxp per mile .

3.10 If in the future and agree that it is necessary or desirable to register a copyright or other intellectual property right anywhere in the world with respect to the Licensed Products , and will co-operate and each take such action as is required to register the right in question in the name of the party to whom said right belong .
3.10 if in the future and agree that it is necessary or desirable to register a copyright or other intellectual property right anywhere in the world with respect to the licensed products , and will co-operate and each take such action as is [] to register the right in question in the name of the party to whom said right belong .

will at 's option either give to all assistance reasonably required by in connection with such proceedings or take over their conduct .
will at 's option either give to all assistance reasonably [] by in connection with such proceedings or take over their conduct .

8.7 In the event that any proceedings are brought against other than in the circumstances described in clause 8.5 ( and including , but not limited to , those arising out of any acts or omissions of in its exercise of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise in connection with alleged defects in the Licensed Products ) , will at 's option either give all assistance reasonably required by in connection with such proceedings or take over their conduct . will indemnify against all claims , demands , liabilities and expenses ( including legal fees and expenses and any compensation costs and disbursements paid by to compromise or settle any claim ) incurred by in connection with such proceedings ; provided , however , that no expenditure , compromise or settlement shall be made or determined without 's prior written approval , which shall not be unreasonably withheld ;
8.7 in the event that any proceedings are brought against other than in the circumstances described in clause 8.5 ( and including , but not limited to , those arising out of any acts or omissions of in its exercise of its rights under this agreement or otherwise in connection with alleged defects in the licensed products ) , will at 's option either give all assistance reasonably [] by in connection with such proceedings or take over their conduct . will indemnify against all claims , demands , liabilities and expenses ( including legal fees and expenses and any compensation costs and disbursements paid by to compromise or settle any claim ) incurred by in connection with such proceedings ; provided , however , that no expenditure , compromise or settlement shall be made or determined without 's prior written approval , which shall not be unreasonably withheld ;

Any notices permitted or required under this Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by first-class post ( airmail in the case of overseas programmers ) to the addresses listed in the heading to this Agreement or to such other addresses as either party may elect after notice similarly given .
any notices permitted or [] under this agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by first-class post ( airmail in the case of overseas programmers ) to the addresses listed in the heading to this agreement or to such other addresses as either party may elect after notice similarly given .

Any notices permitted or required under this Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by first-class post ( airmail in the case of overseas programmers ) to the addresses listed in the heading to this Agreement or to such other addresses as either party may elect after notice similarly given .
any notices permitted or [] under this agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by first-class post ( airmail in the case of overseas programmers ) to the addresses listed in the heading to this agreement or to such other addresses as either party may elect after notice similarly given .

5 The Artist may be required to attend for up to ten hours per day .
5 the artist may be [] to attend for up to ten hours per day .

7 Accommodation of good standing will be provided for all days the Artist is required .
7 accommodation of good standing will be provided for all days the artist is [] .

1 Prepare a script which shall meet the following requirements : the complete typescript to make a book of not more than 32 pages a complete list of any textual or illustrative copyrighted material to be included together with full information on source of such material supply a complete art brief for any illustrations required
1 prepare a script which shall meet the following requirements : the complete typescript to make a book of not more than 32 pages a complete list of any textual or illustrative copyrighted material to be included together with full information on source of such material supply a complete art brief for any illustrations []

10.1 The Company shall receive on publication six copies of the printed Work and six copies of the video Work ( in the format and standard of the Company 's choice ) and one copy of any revised or corrected impression all free of charge and shall be entitled to purchase at two-thirds of the United Kingdom published price any further copies of the Work required for the Authors ' personal use and not for resale .
10.1 the company shall receive on publication six copies of the printed work and six copies of the video work ( in the format and standard of the company 's choice ) and one copy of any revised or corrected impression all free of charge and shall be entitled to purchase at two-thirds of the united kingdom published price any further copies of the work [] for the authors ' personal use and not for resale .

12.2 Should the Company for any reason whatsoever not procure the preparation and delivery of such updating revision and correction within such time as may be reasonably required by the Publisher the Publisher shall be free to employ for that purpose such writer ( or writers ) as it may think fit and to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to such writer(s) from any monies due to the Company .
12.2 should the company for any reason whatsoever not procure the preparation and delivery of such updating revision and correction within such time as may be reasonably [] by the publisher the publisher shall be free to employ for that purpose such writer ( or writers ) as it may think fit and to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to such writer(s) from any monies due to the company .

to specify with us the total production team required whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;
to specify with us the total production team [] whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;

hotel accommodation if you are required to stay away from home , and including meals taken at the hotel , but excluding private telephone calls and drinks beyond normal hospitality expected of a director
hotel accommodation if you are [] to stay away from home , and including meals taken at the hotel , but excluding private telephone calls and drinks beyond normal hospitality expected of a director

travel which will either be provided by us or , where you are required to use your own car , you will be paid an allowance of XXXp per mile .
travel which will either be provided by us or , where you are [] to use your own car , you will be paid an allowance of xxxp per mile .

It required local authorities to establish maternity and child welfare committees , to include at least two women , and specified services for which grants would now be made available including home helps , food for expectant and nursing mothers and children under five , creches and day nurseries .
it [] local authorities to establish maternity and child welfare committees , to include at least two women , and specified services for which grants would now be made available including home helps , food for expectant and nursing mothers and children under five , creches and day nurseries .

never was Socialist propaganda on sane and sound lines so needed as it was today  The greater grew the size and strength of the Labour Party , and it was growing steadily , the more was Socialist propaganda and organisation required to educate and influence the workers inside and outside the Labour Party .
never was socialist propaganda on sane and sound lines so needed as it was today  the greater grew the size and strength of the labour party , and it was growing steadily , the more was socialist propaganda and organisation [] to educate and influence the workers inside and outside the labour party .

Gloom and despondency hung over the royal party and Anne was more than a little resentful of having been required to join them in sanctuary .
gloom and despondency hung over the royal party and anne was more than a little resentful of having been [] to join them in sanctuary .

Joan de Warenne , it appeared , had not been required to go with her young mistress , since the latter was to be the guest of Lady Alianor Woodville , the queen-dowager 's kinswoman  a lady who occupied apartments in the palace and kept an amplitude of servants .
joan de warenne , it appeared , had not been [] to go with her young mistress , since the latter was to be the guest of lady alianor woodville , the queen-dowager 's kinswoman  a lady who occupied apartments in the palace and kept an amplitude of servants .

Weber shared the classical elitists ' hopes for developing a systematic social science , but he did not agree that natural science methods could be simply transposed to explain social action or behaviour , since a plausible account of actors ' motives is required for completeness ( Runcimann , 1972 ) .
weber shared the classical elitists ' hopes for developing a systematic social science , but he did not agree that natural science methods could be simply transposed to explain social action or behaviour , since a plausible account of actors ' motives is [] for completeness ( runcimann , 1972 ) .

From Ricardo , Marx took the idea that the value at which products exchange in a market is proportional to the labour time required to produce them .
from ricardo , marx took the idea that the value at which products exchange in a market is proportional to the labour time [] to produce them .

But doing so required a process of theoretical labour in which the analyst abstracts from a mass of empirical observations in order to detect the underlying order beneath the appearance of bewildering variety , and works out the fundamental causal processes in operation .
but doing so [] a process of theoretical labour in which the analyst abstracts from a mass of empirical observations in order to detect the underlying order beneath the appearance of bewildering variety , and works out the fundamental causal processes in operation .

In advanced communism there will be no constraints , no morality required to constrain human freedom , because absolute abundance will make such restraints redundant .
in advanced communism there will be no constraints , no morality [] to constrain human freedom , because absolute abundance will make such restraints redundant .

The minimum required of the social anthropologist is that he should write the biography of the people he studies .
the minimum [] of the social anthropologist is that he should write the biography of the people he studies .

If a canoe capsizes or sinks because it was manifestly badly built then no further explanations are required .
if a canoe capsizes or sinks because it was manifestly badly built then no further explanations are [] .

The specifications required to meet these can be readily elicited and catalogued .
the specifications [] to meet these can be readily elicited and catalogued .

However , matters are complicated by his endorsement of the basic rationality , as opposed to psychological necessity , of egoism , which he sees as in conflict with the equal rationality of the concern with the general happiness required by utilitarian ethics .
however , matters are complicated by his endorsement of the basic rationality , as opposed to psychological necessity , of egoism , which he sees as in conflict with the equal rationality of the concern with the general happiness [] by utilitarian ethics .

He puts great emphasis on the difficulties of prediction , and urges that where there are rules to which people do in fact adhere for the most part , and which help maintain the social stability required for any kind of good to flourish , we are likely to come nearest to doing what is objectively right ( in terms of its actual consequences ) if we also stick to the rules , but that where the rules , however useful they would be if generally obeyed , are widely flouted we should make a direct judgement of what will have the best consequences .
he puts great emphasis on the difficulties of prediction , and urges that where there are rules to which people do in fact adhere for the most part , and which help maintain the social stability [] for any kind of good to flourish , we are likely to come nearest to doing what is objectively right ( in terms of its actual consequences ) if we also stick to the rules , but that where the rules , however useful they would be if generally obeyed , are widely flouted we should make a direct judgement of what will have the best consequences .

However , if they are to play their required role for ethical thinking .
however , if they are to play their [] role for ethical thinking .

Ultimately the universe in its totality is in some sense perfect , as also are its elements understood as required by the overall nature of that totality , but from the point of view of us who struggle within it things are called good or bad ( or by some such words ) according as to whether they promote our particular struggle to actualise our own nature .
ultimately the universe in its totality is in some sense perfect , as also are its elements understood as [] by the overall nature of that totality , but from the point of view of us who struggle within it things are called good or bad ( or by some such words ) according as to whether they promote our particular struggle to actualise our own nature .

Or what if studied departures from concern for others are occasionally required in the interests of one 's own fulfilment ?
or what if studied departures from concern for others are occasionally [] in the interests of one 's own fulfilment ?

As these units were set up , they would replace the functions of the large hospitals , which would be required only for the care of the old long-stay patients , a cohort admitted before the outdoor mode of treatment was to become common and schizophrenia was thought uncontrollable in the community .
as these units were set up , they would replace the functions of the large hospitals , which would be [] only for the care of the old long-stay patients , a cohort admitted before the outdoor mode of treatment was to become common and schizophrenia was thought uncontrollable in the community .

The differences seem to be to do with the fact that local  product champions  are often required to stimulate the infusion of new practices .
the differences seem to be to do with the fact that local  product champions  are often [] to stimulate the infusion of new practices .

For example the centre could facilitate research in the areas where it felt that development , change and adoption of new techniques was required .
for example the centre could facilitate research in the areas where it felt that development , change and adoption of new techniques was [] .

So , an athenian democracy where all have a voice is required .
so , an athenian democracy where all have a voice is [] .

The plans allowed not only for considerable retrenchment of the mental hospital facilities , but also for the possibility that resettling long-stay patients would prove difficult and that more modern on-site village-style accommodation might be required .
the plans allowed not only for considerable retrenchment of the mental hospital facilities , but also for the possibility that resettling long-stay patients would prove difficult and that more modern on-site village-style accommodation might be [] .

But being a gentleman in England was not just a matter of giving orders ; it required considerable wealth , spent lavishly and in a way that commanded respect .
but being a gentleman in england was not just a matter of giving orders ; it [] considerable wealth , spent lavishly and in a way that commanded respect .

While the Maryland charter gave the Calverts the same executive authority as the Bishops of Durham held on the Scottish border , it required them to make sure that the colonists had approved the laws of their colony before they came into effect ; it may have been realized from earlier experience that an assembly was needed , or there may have been some feeling that a Catholic colony would have special problems .
while the maryland charter gave the calverts the same executive authority as the bishops of durham held on the scottish border , it [] them to make sure that the colonists had approved the laws of their colony before they came into effect ; it may have been realized from earlier experience that an assembly was needed , or there may have been some feeling that a catholic colony would have special problems .

Assembling slaves required capital , or at least credit , to get started , and the slaves had to be trained and had to be watched in case they rebelled .
assembling slaves [] capital , or at least credit , to get started , and the slaves had to be trained and had to be watched in case they rebelled .

The research group also figures Novell Inc will try to boost Unix System Labs ' $ 150,000 revenue per employee near term to at least $ 210,000  the minimum Novell believes is required to get a 10 % net margin .
the research group also figures novell inc will try to boost unix system labs ' $ 150,000 revenue per employee near term to at least $ 210,000  the minimum novell believes is [] to get a 10 % net margin .

His mind had no doubt been on a myriad of problems , from the amount of lavatory paper required in the clubhouse to the quality of the claret in the sponsor 's dining room .
his mind had no doubt been on a myriad of problems , from the amount of lavatory paper [] in the clubhouse to the quality of the claret in the sponsor 's dining room .

The whole tournament was in effect a pro-am so the usual pro-am which precedes conventional tournaments was not required .
the whole tournament was in effect a pro-am so the usual pro-am which precedes conventional tournaments was not [] .

Interaction is required .
interaction is [] .

It required a large , professional , secret and coherent organisation .
it [] a large , professional , secret and coherent organisation .

As a state party to the United Nations Convention Against Torture , Egypt is required to  ensure that any individual who alleges he has been subjected to torture in any territory under its jurisdiction has the right to complain to , and to have his case promptly and impartially examined by , its competent authorities  
as a state party to the united nations convention against torture , egypt is [] to  ensure that any individual who alleges he has been subjected to torture in any territory under its jurisdiction has the right to complain to , and to have his case promptly and impartially examined by , its competent authorities  

Here there are rows of steam locomotives in a large shed , some waiting to be overhauled and others stored until their services are required .
here there are rows of steam locomotives in a large shed , some waiting to be overhauled and others stored until their services are [] .

The successful applicant will be required to provide academic stimulus and leadership in the Department of Political Science .
the successful applicant will be [] to provide academic stimulus and leadership in the department of political science .

Short- and long-term Consultants are required in the following fields :
short- and long-term consultants are [] in the following fields :

In particular experience of project preparation , appraisal , training and international tendering procedures is required .
in particular experience of project preparation , appraisal , training and international tendering procedures is [] .

The successful candidate will be required to write news and feature articles directed at Fairplay 's readers who hold senior management positions .
the successful candidate will be [] to write news and feature articles directed at fairplay 's readers who hold senior management positions .

Salary will be commensurate with age and experience , and will reflect the level of responsibility and the unsocial hours required by the post .
salary will be commensurate with age and experience , and will reflect the level of responsibility and the unsocial hours [] by the post .

required to assist with a project researching intracellular events in scrapie-infected cells .
[] to assist with a project researching intracellular events in scrapie-infected cells .

An experienced pharmaceutical metabolic chemist is required to join the area of Mammalian Metabolism .
an experienced pharmaceutical metabolic chemist is [] to join the area of mammalian metabolism .

An experienced analyst is required to join the residue analysis section of Regulatory Chemistry .
an experienced analyst is [] to join the residue analysis section of regulatory chemistry .

Required to further strengthen our very active team engaged in the teaching and research of optics and laser technology applied to mechanical engineering .
[] to further strengthen our very active team engaged in the teaching and research of optics and laser technology applied to mechanical engineering .

While all applications are welcome , nevertheless , it is unlikely that candidates ( male or female ) under the age of 30 will have the depth or width of experience required for these positions .
while all applications are welcome , nevertheless , it is unlikely that candidates ( male or female ) under the age of 30 will have the depth or width of experience [] for these positions .

You will be required to analyse and report scientific data .
you will be [] to analyse and report scientific data .

Required for the Chemical Pathology Department at this post graduate teaching hospital .
[] for the chemical pathology department at this post graduate teaching hospital .

 Due to the closeness and levels of an existing road bridge at Knowsley Street , a 1 in 25 gradient will be required for a short distance on the approach embankment to the bridge from Bury .
 due to the closeness and levels of an existing road bridge at knowsley street , a 1 in 25 gradient will be [] for a short distance on the approach embankment to the bridge from bury .

 Elsewhere in the Rochdale district , there are extensive works required at Moss Hall Bridge where the spandrel walls and parapets of this high masonry arch structure have shown signs of movement , and in Heywood the bridges spanning Manchester Street and Schofield Street are to be strengthened .
 elsewhere in the rochdale district , there are extensive works [] at moss hall bridge where the spandrel walls and parapets of this high masonry arch structure have shown signs of movement , and in heywood the bridges spanning manchester street and schofield street are to be strengthened .

In the procedures required to fulfil the special educational needs of visually handicapped pupils , as with any pupils with special needs , the local education authority must make a formal assessment culminating in a statement of the child 's individual special needs .
in the procedures [] to fulfil the special educational needs of visually handicapped pupils , as with any pupils with special needs , the local education authority must make a formal assessment culminating in a statement of the child 's individual special needs .

The report should also include proposals for extra support teaching and welfare provision if necessary and a recognition that extra preparation time may be required by the pupil .
the report should also include proposals for extra support teaching and welfare provision if necessary and a recognition that extra preparation time may be [] by the pupil .

It may also be necessary to begin keyboard skills in the last year of primary school and to continue this as required at the secondary level .
it may also be necessary to begin keyboard skills in the last year of primary school and to continue this as [] at the secondary level .

The aphakic eye is unable to change its focus , so bifocal spectacles are required even for those with contact lenses .
the aphakic eye is unable to change its focus , so bifocal spectacles are [] even for those with contact lenses .

Even more ciliary muscle contraction will be required for near vision and this may be uncomfortable .
even more ciliary muscle contraction will be [] for near vision and this may be uncomfortable .

Squint surgery is sometimes required for cosmetic reasons alone .
squint surgery is sometimes [] for cosmetic reasons alone .

Plastic lenses are lighter , an advantage if the lenses required are of high power , but with the disadvantage of scratching easily .
plastic lenses are lighter , an advantage if the lenses [] are of high power , but with the disadvantage of scratching easily .

Although the concentration and effort required to do this may sometimes produce fatigue , this is temporary and in no way signifies that sight will  wear out  with use .
although the concentration and effort [] to do this may sometimes produce fatigue , this is temporary and in no way signifies that sight will  wear out  with use .

Alterations to the environment required for safety and access to buildings and classroom by pupils with physical handicaps , especially if they are in wheelchairs , may be more easily foreseen , and their need for ramps or lifts instead of stairs , adaptations to toilet facilities may be readily recognised as essential .
alterations to the environment [] for safety and access to buildings and classroom by pupils with physical handicaps , especially if they are in wheelchairs , may be more easily foreseen , and their need for ramps or lifts instead of stairs , adaptations to toilet facilities may be readily recognised as essential .

Specialised equipment and materials required for visually handicapped pupils can pose a storage problem .
specialised equipment and materials [] for visually handicapped pupils can pose a storage problem .

Linear search and scan , another Look and Think activity , can lead on to the visual scanning technique required in discriminating the different shapes of words and letters in a line of print .
linear search and scan , another look and think activity , can lead on to the visual scanning technique [] in discriminating the different shapes of words and letters in a line of print .

In addition , as they go up through the school , pupils , whether visually handicapped or not , will increasingly be required to undertake independent study involving looking up references and using graphic information such as charts and diagrams .
in addition , as they go up through the school , pupils , whether visually handicapped or not , will increasingly be [] to undertake independent study involving looking up references and using graphic information such as charts and diagrams .

Both these sources provide suitable but expensive paper ; it may be possible instead for a teacher 's aid to produce appropriately ruled paper as required .
both these sources provide suitable but expensive paper ; it may be possible instead for a teacher 's aid to produce appropriately ruled paper as [] .

The Stabil , according to adidas , offers both stability and protection for the advanced player , while the  direct contact  feel required by serious players can be found in the Tennis Lite .
the stabil , according to adidas , offers both stability and protection for the advanced player , while the  direct contact  feel [] by serious players can be found in the tennis lite .

To gain legal recognition as a union , representation is required in at least 20 of Indonesia 's 27 provinces , branch offices in at least 100 districts and 1,000 union units in factories or plants .
to gain legal recognition as a union , representation is [] in at least 20 of indonesia 's 27 provinces , branch offices in at least 100 districts and 1,000 union units in factories or plants .

Factors such as the amount of exercise required are important , because if the dog does not receive adequate exercise it is likely to become destructive and bored around the house .
factors such as the amount of exercise [] are important , because if the dog does not receive adequate exercise it is likely to become destructive and bored around the house .

This is the approximate length of choke chain which will be required .
this is the approximate length of choke chain which will be [] .

The equipment required depends to some extent on your dog .
the equipment [] depends to some extent on your dog .

Nail clippers might also be required to prevent dew-claws from becoming overgrown and curling round into the dog 's flesh .
nail clippers might also be [] to prevent dew-claws from becoming overgrown and curling round into the dog 's flesh .

Instead , simply offer plenty of affection when your dog responds as required , and provide a healthier treat such as a small piece of carrot .
instead , simply offer plenty of affection when your dog responds as [] , and provide a healthier treat such as a small piece of carrot .

In extreme cases , this causes the dog to collapse , and although not common , rapid veterinary treatment will be required under these circumstances .
in extreme cases , this causes the dog to collapse , and although not common , rapid veterinary treatment will be [] under these circumstances .

Do not allow the leash to slacken at this point , but try to keep it taut as this will help to ensure the puppy adopts the required position rather than jumping up .
do not allow the leash to slacken at this point , but try to keep it taut as this will help to ensure the puppy adopts the [] position rather than jumping up .

Once these routines have been mastered , then other members of the family can encourage the dog to behave in the required fashion .
once these routines have been mastered , then other members of the family can encourage the dog to behave in the [] fashion .

Once the dog responds as required then offer plenty of encouragement .
once the dog responds as [] then offer plenty of encouragement .

It is important to teach your dog to return here when required .
it is important to teach your dog to return here when [] .

From six months onwards , deworming will probably be required about twice a year on average .
from six months onwards , deworming will probably be [] about twice a year on average .

You can do this yourself , although it will probably be better if you arrange for a vet to undertake the task in the first instance , as it is important to judge the required length properly .
you can do this yourself , although it will probably be better if you arrange for a vet to undertake the task in the first instance , as it is important to judge the [] length properly .

According to a British study published in 1984 , at least three-quarters of all dog owners look to their pets to provide some security around the home , but proper training is required to ensure that your dog does not become a dominant tyrant at home .
according to a british study published in 1984 , at least three-quarters of all dog owners look to their pets to provide some security around the home , but proper training is [] to ensure that your dog does not become a dominant tyrant at home .

The simplest way to start is to encourage the dog to sit in the required position , even when there is no one at the door .
the simplest way to start is to encourage the dog to sit in the [] position , even when there is no one at the door .

Dietary modification may also be required , to raise the level of protein compared to the fat and carbohydrate content of the diet .
dietary modification may also be [] , to raise the level of protein compared to the fat and carbohydrate content of the diet .

So far only a preliminary amount of work has been carried out in order to assess the restoration work required .
so far only a preliminary amount of work has been carried out in order to assess the restoration work [] .

So much energy is required for the formation of an egg that , in some species such as petrels , only a single egg can be laid in a season .
so much energy is [] for the formation of an egg that , in some species such as petrels , only a single egg can be laid in a season .

The poor quality of most of the mountain goat 's food , together with the specialised digestive system required to cope with it , imposes a strict daily routine on the animals , which varies little throughout the year .
the poor quality of most of the mountain goat 's food , together with the specialised digestive system [] to cope with it , imposes a strict daily routine on the animals , which varies little throughout the year .

The hospital of San Giovanni di Dio was practically next door to Headquarters , which was convenient in the case of patients who required a permanent guard or who had to be questioned at intervals .
the hospital of san giovanni di dio was practically next door to headquarters , which was convenient in the case of patients who [] a permanent guard or who had to be questioned at intervals .

If he could have talked to her in Italian it would have been different , but his correct English , which he had learned from his mother who had had an English governess , and which he only ever spoke with her friends or on a case that required it , was of no use to him now .
if he could have talked to her in italian it would have been different , but his correct english , which he had learned from his mother who had had an english governess , and which he only ever spoke with her friends or on a case that [] it , was of no use to him now .

And although the Vatican was eager for peace with the new regime , powerful figures within both clergy and Catholic laity in Spain assumed from the start that conflict was inevitable and an aggressive posture towards the Republic accordingly required .
and although the vatican was eager for peace with the new regime , powerful figures within both clergy and catholic laity in spain assumed from the start that conflict was inevitable and an aggressive posture towards the republic accordingly [] .

In the face of widespread unrest , Falangist violence , rumours of conspiracies and the increasingly pugnacious demeanour of right-wing press and politicians , the Republic required from its leaders strength , unity and determination .
in the face of widespread unrest , falangist violence , rumours of conspiracies and the increasingly pugnacious demeanour of right-wing press and politicians , the republic [] from its leaders strength , unity and determination .

In order to defeat an enemy who was always likely to be stronger in conventional military terms , the argument continues , what was required was a revolutionary war based upon a social transformation which as well as enthusing the population of Republican Spain might also have inspired to revolution that of the enemy zone .
in order to defeat an enemy who was always likely to be stronger in conventional military terms , the argument continues , what was [] was a revolutionary war based upon a social transformation which as well as enthusing the population of republican spain might also have inspired to revolution that of the enemy zone .

It had , after all , been built at a time when the rooms were heated by coal fires tended by an army of minions and when a score of carefully composed hand-written minutes by the Department 's legendary eccentrics were adequate to control events which now required three divisions and a couple of under secretaries .
it had , after all , been built at a time when the rooms were heated by coal fires tended by an army of minions and when a score of carefully composed hand-written minutes by the department 's legendary eccentrics were adequate to control events which now [] three divisions and a couple of under secretaries .

He was smilingly recognized at the reception desk , but his credentials were still carefully scrutinized and he was required to await the escorting messenger , even though he had attended enough meetings in the building to be reasonably familiar with these particular corridors of power .
he was smilingly recognized at the reception desk , but his credentials were still carefully scrutinized and he was [] to await the escorting messenger , even though he had attended enough meetings in the building to be reasonably familiar with these particular corridors of power .

He thought , not for the first time , that a system which required ministers to run their departments , fulfil their parliamentary responsibilities , and spend the weekend listening to the grievances of their constituents , might have been designed to ensure that major decisions were made by men and women tired to the point of exhaustion .
he thought , not for the first time , that a system which [] ministers to run their departments , fulfil their parliamentary responsibilities , and spend the weekend listening to the grievances of their constituents , might have been designed to ensure that major decisions were made by men and women tired to the point of exhaustion .

They were neither callous nor particularly insensitive , but neither were they undertakers , required to assume a professional reverence in the face of death .
they were neither callous nor particularly insensitive , but neither were they undertakers , [] to assume a professional reverence in the face of death .

He would work with Kate Miskin loyally and conscientiously because he respected her as a detective and that was what he was required to do .
he would work with kate miskin loyally and conscientiously because he respected her as a detective and that was what he was [] to do .

If Inspector Miskin is required to make notes , then she may find that chair by the window convenient .
if inspector miskin is [] to make notes , then she may find that chair by the window convenient .

Dalgliesh saw that it was Philip Larkin 's Required Writing .
dalgliesh saw that it was philip larkin 's [] writing .

Dinner is offered most nights ( twenty-four hours notice required ) .
dinner is offered most nights ( twenty-four hours notice [] ) .

They will do whatever they can to make your stay as comfortable as possible  provide chauffeuring as required , offer advice on the area and book fishing and golf .
they will do whatever they can to make your stay as comfortable as possible  provide chauffeuring as [] , offer advice on the area and book fishing and golf .

The carapace required almost a year to become fully symbiotic with the body  and its owner required purification , distillation in the alembic of combat before his augmented natural body could be judged to be fully transmuted in spirit as well as in flesh and bone , and thus worthy of donning complete Marine armour 
the carapace [] almost a year to become fully symbiotic with the body  and its owner [] purification , distillation in the alembic of combat before his augmented natural body could be judged to be fully transmuted in spirit as well as in flesh and bone , and thus worthy of donning complete marine armour 

To answer this question required new mathematical techniques .
to answer this question [] new mathematical techniques .

It might even be that the whole of our galaxy was required .
it might even be that the whole of our galaxy was [] .

Such a theory is also required if we are to answer the question : Does time really have a beginning and , possibly , an end , as is predicted by classical general relativity , or are the singularities in the big bang and the big crunch smeared out in some way by quantum effects ?
such a theory is also [] if we are to answer the question : does time really have a beginning and , possibly , an end , as is predicted by classical general relativity , or are the singularities in the big bang and the big crunch smeared out in some way by quantum effects ?

For the universe to continue to expand and new matter be created , the steady state model required a modification of general relativity , but the rate of creation needed was very low : about one particle per cubic kilometer per year , which would not conflict with observation .
for the universe to continue to expand and new matter be created , the steady state model [] a modification of general relativity , but the rate of creation needed was very low : about one particle per cubic kilometer per year , which would not conflict with observation .

This sounds like just what is required to allow space travel through black holes .
this sounds like just what is [] to allow space travel through black holes .

Whereas a patient living inside a hospital has one named doctor  the consultant  in charge of his or her treatment and one named person  the ward sister  responsible for the nursing care he or she receives , outside the walls of the hospital no one person is responsible for assessing the individual 's needs for a range of services and for then making sure that the required services are delivered .
whereas a patient living inside a hospital has one named doctor  the consultant  in charge of his or her treatment and one named person  the ward sister  responsible for the nursing care he or she receives , outside the walls of the hospital no one person is responsible for assessing the individual 's needs for a range of services and for then making sure that the [] services are delivered .

None the less , in very many cases  hands-on  care is still required and there has been a distinct failure to understand the needs of discharged patients for continuing support of this kind .
none the less , in very many cases  hands-on  care is still [] and there has been a distinct failure to understand the needs of discharged patients for continuing support of this kind .

There was also the possibility of a more flexible use of facilities in the statutory , voluntary and private sectors , and , finally , the powerful influence of doctors over the lives of the chronically disabled would inevitably wane , a process of  de-medicalization  which is largely to be welcomed as medical and nursing skills are only a small part of the required professional skills .
there was also the possibility of a more flexible use of facilities in the statutory , voluntary and private sectors , and , finally , the powerful influence of doctors over the lives of the chronically disabled would inevitably wane , a process of  de-medicalization  which is largely to be welcomed as medical and nursing skills are only a small part of the [] professional skills .

Under the new arrangements the role of the local authority will be to assess needs in their locality , set local priorities and service objectives , and arrange the required care by designing , organizing and purchasing it .
under the new arrangements the role of the local authority will be to assess needs in their locality , set local priorities and service objectives , and arrange the [] care by designing , organizing and purchasing it .

In between the publication of the White Paper and the passing of the new Act , the government decided that in view of the work required on the hospital services , it could not expect its community care proposals to be ready by the proposed launch date of April 1991 , so in early 1990 it announced a two-year delay in implementation until 1993 .
in between the publication of the white paper and the passing of the new act , the government decided that in view of the work [] on the hospital services , it could not expect its community care proposals to be ready by the proposed launch date of april 1991 , so in early 1990 it announced a two-year delay in implementation until 1993 .

Craft activities  weaving , pottery , printing , painting , woodwork , metalwork and so forth  may be offered for attenders but are only modestly popular , and increasingly units are focusing on developing the skills required for ordinary life , such as shopping and cooking , and on some forms of regular task-oriented activity which mimic the skills required for work , such as operating a computer keyboard .
craft activities  weaving , pottery , printing , painting , woodwork , metalwork and so forth  may be offered for attenders but are only modestly popular , and increasingly units are focusing on developing the skills [] for ordinary life , such as shopping and cooking , and on some forms of regular task-oriented activity which mimic the skills [] for work , such as operating a computer keyboard .

Day care is clearly in need of a radical rethink and a wider choice of services is required than is now available .
day care is clearly in need of a radical rethink and a wider choice of services is [] than is now available .

What is particularly required is for the government to review the rules on benefits paid to people who receive income under therapeutic work schemes .
what is particularly [] is for the government to review the rules on benefits paid to people who receive income under therapeutic work schemes .

The clinics operated for short office hours on only one or two days a week and were not staffed to cope with disturbed and upset people who required help in a crisis .
the clinics operated for short office hours on only one or two days a week and were not staffed to cope with disturbed and upset people who [] help in a crisis .

Thus the quality of the environment which is required to provide autonomy of action and personal freedoms has to be rigidly defined in the care system , but within this system the care provider has considerable freedom and responsibility .
thus the quality of the environment which is [] to provide autonomy of action and personal freedoms has to be rigidly defined in the care system , but within this system the care provider has considerable freedom and responsibility .

Public authorities refer to this kind of  almost independent  quality-monitoring system as  arm's-length  monitoring , and local authorities are now required by statute to establish  arms-length  monitoring of their own residential care homes .
public authorities refer to this kind of  almost independent  quality-monitoring system as  arm's-length  monitoring , and local authorities are now [] by statute to establish  arms-length  monitoring of their own residential care homes .

The problems of children and adolescents have not been discussed here because this group requires a network of specialist medical , social and educational services which are very different from those required for adults .
the problems of children and adolescents have not been discussed here because this group requires a network of specialist medical , social and educational services which are very different from those [] for adults .

In 1990 staff in the Special Hospitals estimated that approximately half their patients no longer required maximum security and remained in their charge simply because there was nowhere suitable for them to go .
in 1990 staff in the special hospitals estimated that approximately half their patients no longer [] maximum security and remained in their charge simply because there was nowhere suitable for them to go .

It will be rather more difficult to create incentives to move people out of the prison system into hospitals and instead a fundamental policy change by those who are responsible for planning local mental health services will be required .
it will be rather more difficult to create incentives to move people out of the prison system into hospitals and instead a fundamental policy change by those who are responsible for planning local mental health services will be [] .

These groups need to be able to recognize problem drinking and its causes and effects , have a knowledge of the help required , be able to provide counselling and know when to seek more expert help .
these groups need to be able to recognize problem drinking and its causes and effects , have a knowledge of the help [] , be able to provide counselling and know when to seek more expert help .

Specialist day centres , advice centres , and advisory services staffed largely by professionals and volunteers from the community can successfully bridge the cultural divide and also link individuals into mainstream services when these are required .
specialist day centres , advice centres , and advisory services staffed largely by professionals and volunteers from the community can successfully bridge the cultural divide and also link individuals into mainstream services when these are [] .

The subcontractor should also be required to co-ordinate with other trades and phase his own work to integrate with the sequence of operations in the contract programme .
the subcontractor should also be [] to co-ordinate with other trades and phase his own work to integrate with the sequence of operations in the contract programme .

The sub-contractor should be required to produce evidence that he possesses both employer 's liability and public liability insurance .
the sub-contractor should be [] to produce evidence that he possesses both employer 's liability and public liability insurance .

The sub-contractor may also be required to unload the materials required for other trades where the relevant operatives are not on site .
the sub-contractor may also be [] to unload the materials [] for other trades where the relevant operatives are not on site .

The sub-contractor should be required to maintain safe working conditions on the site and to operate within the current safety legislation .
the sub-contractor should be [] to maintain safe working conditions on the site and to operate within the current safety legislation .

The private householder having work done to his own property is not required to make deductions from any payments he may make to subcontractors .
the private householder having work done to his own property is not [] to make deductions from any payments he may make to subcontractors .

Management may monitor performance and , in times of recession when building labour is freely available , lay off operatives who fail to achieve the output required .
management may monitor performance and , in times of recession when building labour is freely available , lay off operatives who fail to achieve the output [] .

Some surplus housing , however , is required to permit normal movement of the population .
some surplus housing , however , is [] to permit normal movement of the population .

Building regulation approval may also be required .
building regulation approval may also be [] .

Often applications are rejected because more comprehensive development proposals are required , including land not in the vendor 's ownership .
often applications are rejected because more comprehensive development proposals are [] , including land not in the vendor 's ownership .

The successful purchaser at the conclusion of the auction is required to sign the auction particulars and pay 10 % deposit of the purchase price .
the successful purchaser at the conclusion of the auction is [] to sign the auction particulars and pay 10 % deposit of the purchase price .

The planning officer 's attitude to proposals to develop a site can be assessed when only outline approval has been obtained or substantial modification is required to the detailed approval .
the planning officer 's attitude to proposals to develop a site can be assessed when only outline approval has been obtained or substantial modification is [] to the detailed approval .

Checks should also be made to establish that change of use of the land is not required and that there are no listed buildings or tree preservation orders affecting the site .
checks should also be made to establish that change of use of the land is not [] and that there are no listed buildings or tree preservation orders affecting the site .

When access is required onto a classified road , approval must be obtained from the Department of Transport or local authority acting as their agent .
when access is [] onto a classified road , approval must be obtained from the department of transport or local authority acting as their agent .

Where the road is curved away from the junction on both sides , very long and wide sight lines will be required .
where the road is curved away from the junction on both sides , very long and wide sight lines will be [] .

Problems arise where the sight lines required can not be achieved within the curtilage of land owned by either the vendor or proposed purchaser , and run onto adjoining land .
problems arise where the sight lines [] can not be achieved within the curtilage of land owned by either the vendor or proposed purchaser , and run onto adjoining land .

Where the local authority is to be required to adopt the roads , the developer will be given the alternative of either : ( a ) Depositing with the local authority a cash deposit covering the full estimated cost of the work .
where the local authority is to be [] to adopt the roads , the developer will be given the alternative of either : ( a ) depositing with the local authority a cash deposit covering the full estimated cost of the work .

Level sites are generally more economic to develop although deep sewers may be required and care with layout must be exercised to give interest and variety .
level sites are generally more economic to develop although deep sewers may be [] and care with layout must be exercised to give interest and variety .

The effect of trees on foundation design was discussed earlier but a physical inspection of the site should include the location of all major trees , particularly where they are required to be retained under a tree preservation order and may therefore affect layout and density .
the effect of trees on foundation design was discussed earlier but a physical inspection of the site should include the location of all major trees , particularly where they are [] to be retained under a tree preservation order and may therefore affect layout and density .

If easements are required , the identity of the adjoining owner and the difficulties likely to be encountered should be verified .
if easements are [] , the identity of the adjoining owner and the difficulties likely to be encountered should be verified .

Where the sewers are private an easement will be required from the original developer to effect a connection .
where the sewers are private an easement will be [] from the original developer to effect a connection .

If main foul drainage is not available and a private sewage disposal scheme is to be included with the development , permission will be required to discharge any effluent into water courses or underground strata .
if main foul drainage is not available and a private sewage disposal scheme is to be included with the development , permission will be [] to discharge any effluent into water courses or underground strata .

Approval is required from the water authority to use soakaways and before acceptance it may be necessary to prove by absorption tests that ground conditions are satisfactory .
approval is [] from the water authority to use soakaways and before acceptance it may be necessary to prove by absorption tests that ground conditions are satisfactory .

The electricity board should always be contacted , however , to confirm the availability of the supply and the cost of connection , to establish whether a substation will be required and any delays expected in meeting the project programme .
the electricity board should always be contacted , however , to confirm the availability of the supply and the cost of connection , to establish whether a substation will be [] and any delays expected in meeting the project programme .

If the individual service to a property ( not mains ) will need to cross the land of an adjoining owner , an easement will be required .
if the individual service to a property ( not mains ) will need to cross the land of an adjoining owner , an easement will be [] .

If mains water is not available , permission will be required from the water authority to extract water from a well or borehole .
if mains water is not available , permission will be [] from the water authority to extract water from a well or borehole .

Legal factors Restrictive covenants Existing easements Easements required Approval of scheme by third party Vacant possession ( squatters ) Sight lines Ransom strips Private and public sewers Infrastructure and services Existing roads and access Proximity and capacity of existing public sewers Availability of gas , water and electricity supplies Engineering problems Made-up ground , mining , bearing capacity of soil Springs , streams/rivers , flooding , water table Existing foundations and basements Previous use of land ( i.e .
legal factors restrictive covenants existing easements easements [] approval of scheme by third party vacant possession ( squatters ) sight lines ransom strips private and public sewers infrastructure and services existing roads and access proximity and capacity of existing public sewers availability of gas , water and electricity supplies engineering problems made-up ground , mining , bearing capacity of soil springs , streams/rivers , flooding , water table existing foundations and basements previous use of land ( i.e .

( d ) Certain information normally required to be given in the notes of the accounts may be omitted .
( d ) certain information normally [] to be given in the notes of the accounts may be omitted .

On the profit and loss account , disclosure is required of turnover and pre-tax profits by type of business and significant geographical areas , interest payments , taxation , staff payments , depreciation , auditor 's remuneration , income from listed investments and payments for the hire of plant and machinery .
on the profit and loss account , disclosure is [] of turnover and pre-tax profits by type of business and significant geographical areas , interest payments , taxation , staff payments , depreciation , auditor 's remuneration , income from listed investments and payments for the hire of plant and machinery .

Where invoices recorded on the statement have not been received or have been mislaid , copies will be required from the supplier .
where invoices recorded on the statement have not been received or have been mislaid , copies will be [] from the supplier .

The decision as to how detailed a breakdown of costs is required is crucial and should only be taken at a high level in the management structure .
the decision as to how detailed a breakdown of costs is [] is crucial and should only be taken at a high level in the management structure .

It is possible that , in future computer costing systems , a micro-film record of each document could be retained within the computer system and extracted on demand when required .
it is possible that , in future computer costing systems , a micro-film record of each document could be retained within the computer system and extracted on demand when [] .

The company is not required by law or accountants and auditors to provide management accounts and they are only prepared at the discretion of the company .
the company is not [] by law or accountants and auditors to provide management accounts and they are only prepared at the discretion of the company .

No longer is his chimpanzee required to do the housework naked , and on all fours .
no longer is his chimpanzee [] to do the housework naked , and on all fours .

The events in Alma-Ata , in the General Secretary 's view , required a  serious analysis and a principled assessment  .
the events in alma-ata , in the general secretary 's view , [] a  serious analysis and a principled assessment  .

But he also mentioned the need to ensure that the various nationalities were properly represented in political and economic life , and he acknowledged that party officials had sometimes handled nationality issues without the degree of sensitivity that they required .
but he also mentioned the need to ensure that the various nationalities were properly represented in political and economic life , and he acknowledged that party officials had sometimes handled nationality issues without the degree of sensitivity that they [] .

To applause , he declared that the full force of the law would be used in these and other situations that required it .
to applause , he declared that the full force of the law would be used in these and other situations that [] it .

Foreigners , since the earliest times , have been required to live in special residential areas and have been treated with a good deal of suspicion and hostility by ordinary Russians as well as by government officials .
foreigners , since the earliest times , have been [] to live in special residential areas and have been treated with a good deal of suspicion and hostility by ordinary russians as well as by government officials .

The course of history and of social progress , he told the delegates , required with increasing insistence the  establishment of constructive , creative interaction among states and peoples on the scale of the whole planet  .
the course of history and of social progress , he told the delegates , [] with increasing insistence the  establishment of constructive , creative interaction among states and peoples on the scale of the whole planet  .

In principle , price discrimination is required for optimal resource allocation : for example , a monopolist practising perfect price discrimination will produce more output than a non-discriminating monopolist .
in principle , price discrimination is [] for optimal resource allocation : for example , a monopolist practising perfect price discrimination will produce more output than a non-discriminating monopolist .

Then the institution should be required to present the matter before the tribunal : an important role of the tribunal would be to prevent arbitrary exercise of power by the competition policy institution .
then the institution should be [] to present the matter before the tribunal : an important role of the tribunal would be to prevent arbitrary exercise of power by the competition policy institution .

For example , suppose that a government wishes to sell off , once and for all , the mineral rights on a tract of land and invites sealed bids which will specify required acreage and a price per acre .
for example , suppose that a government wishes to sell off , once and for all , the mineral rights on a tract of land and invites sealed bids which will specify [] acreage and a price per acre .

Not many candidates would attempt this frankness in the examination room , but they often do suppose that an accurate answer directed to the very words of the question is all that is required .
not many candidates would attempt this frankness in the examination room , but they often do suppose that an accurate answer directed to the very words of the question is all that is [] .

If a first class student attempts them , he will usually find that the answer required is so long that it will throw his whole script out of balance .
if a first class student attempts them , he will usually find that the answer [] is so long that it will throw his whole script out of balance .

The reason is that heads of chambers are not required to notify vacant tenancies to a central office , so that there can be fair competition for them ; the tenancy is given to the person who happens to be on the spot and who is acceptable , or to a relative of the head of chambers , or otherwise by favour .
the reason is that heads of chambers are not [] to notify vacant tenancies to a central office , so that there can be fair competition for them ; the tenancy is given to the person who happens to be on the spot and who is acceptable , or to a relative of the head of chambers , or otherwise by favour .

The qualities required of a country-town solicitor appear clearly enough from the foregoing description of his work .
the qualities [] of a country-town solicitor appear clearly enough from the foregoing description of his work .

While the principals are required to confer the benefits of the various employment protection laws upon their employees , they themselves are deprived of any such security , and must pay the special tax for self-employed people masquerading as national insurance , in addition to the insurance premiums needed to provide for retirement or illness .
while the principals are [] to confer the benefits of the various employment protection laws upon their employees , they themselves are deprived of any such security , and must pay the special tax for self-employed people masquerading as national insurance , in addition to the insurance premiums needed to provide for retirement or illness .

The principal is required to give his clerk specified minimum training ( or to enable him to receive it from others ) .
the principal is [] to give his clerk specified minimum training ( or to enable him to receive it from others ) .

Instead you peer inside and try to calculate the merchandising policy : what value of stock is required , per metre of shelf space , to meet overheads and instil profit ?
instead you peer inside and try to calculate the merchandising policy : what value of stock is [] , per metre of shelf space , to meet overheads and instil profit ?

When the appointment of three arbitrators is required , each party chooses one arbitrator , and the arbitrators-dual appointed-dual in this way choose the third arbitrator and it is he who takes on the presidency of the arbitration authority .
when the appointment of three arbitrators is [] , each party chooses one arbitrator , and the arbitrators-dual appointed-dual in this way choose the third arbitrator and it is he who takes on the presidency of the arbitration authority .

When the appointment of three arbitrators is required , each party selects one arbitrator , and the two arbitrators thus appointed select the third arbitrator who then heads the Arbitration Committee .
when the appointment of three arbitrators is [] , each party selects one arbitrator , and the two arbitrators thus appointed select the third arbitrator who then heads the arbitration committee .

 After the developing time rinse off thoroughly before styling  no shampooing required .
 after the developing time rinse off thoroughly before styling  no shampooing [] .

Under normal circumstances , what is required is a reworking of the methods of establishing links to suit the textual norms of the target language .
under normal circumstances , what is [] is a reworking of the methods of establishing links to suit the textual norms of the target language .

The minimum social information required for each speaker was ( approximate ) age , sex , housing type and ( where possible ) occupation .
the minimum social information [] for each speaker was ( approximate ) age , sex , housing type and ( where possible ) occupation .

If material is required for bona fide research by another scholar , or for public lectures , the Belfast group have available a composite tape , exemplifying various types of speech .
if material is [] for bona fide research by another scholar , or for public lectures , the belfast group have available a composite tape , exemplifying various types of speech .

In fact , it turned out that adequate analysis of ( a ) in the main research projects required some adaptation of Labov 's quantitative methods as they were originally formulated ( see further 6.4 ) .
in fact , it turned out that adequate analysis of ( a ) in the main research projects [] some adaptation of labov 's quantitative methods as they were originally formulated ( see further 6.4 ) .

While pilot work is an important means of obtaining the information required for such an analysis , traditional  guess and check  methods ( see 1.2.1 ) which draw on the skill and intuition of the analyst are also important .
while pilot work is an important means of obtaining the information [] for such an analysis , traditional  guess and check  methods ( see 1.2.1 ) which draw on the skill and intuition of the analyst are also important .

This is partly because of the size of the corpuses needed for syntactic analysis and partly because of the accuracy required in the transcript , which has to be input in computer-readable form .
this is partly because of the size of the corpuses needed for syntactic analysis and partly because of the accuracy [] in the transcript , which has to be input in computer-readable form .

The standard solution to this  data-collecting problem  would be the one adopted by Lavandera herself in her 1975 study , of structuring interview questions so as to encourage the appearance of linguistic contexts which required the subjunctive ( cf .
the standard solution to this  data-collecting problem  would be the one adopted by lavandera herself in her 1975 study , of structuring interview questions so as to encourage the appearance of linguistic contexts which [] the subjunctive ( cf .

Although some studies have been made of rural railways , the majority have looked at road-based public transport ( Halsall and Turton , 1979 ) , since only the road provides the flexibility required in rural areas .
although some studies have been made of rural railways , the majority have looked at road-based public transport ( halsall and turton , 1979 ) , since only the road provides the flexibility [] in rural areas .

by redesigning the provision of facilities required by the population ; and
by redesigning the provision of facilities [] by the population ; and

Earlier , Savary had responded to the question whether a shipment by the owner of the vessel still required a charter party and bill of lading issuance by stating :
earlier , savary had responded to the question whether a shipment by the owner of the vessel still [] a charter party and bill of lading issuance by stating :

 If the consignor wanted to ensure that no person other than the consignee or the lawful holder of the bill could claim delivery , he could stipulate that delivery required production of all the copies or parts of the set that were not in the master 's possession .
 if the consignor wanted to ensure that no person other than the consignee or the lawful holder of the bill could claim delivery , he could stipulate that delivery [] production of all the copies or parts of the set that were not in the master 's possession .

In order to standardize bill of lading texts and to promote uniformity of practice , the Hague Rules listed a number of required statements reminiscent of the Harter Act 's requirements .
in order to standardize bill of lading texts and to promote uniformity of practice , the hague rules listed a number of [] statements reminiscent of the harter act 's requirements .

If , upon arrival of the goods , the consignee does not have the required bill of lading in his possession , he often obtains the carrier 's release of the goods by tendering an acceptable letter of indemnity .
if , upon arrival of the goods , the consignee does not have the [] bill of lading in his possession , he often obtains the carrier 's release of the goods by tendering an acceptable letter of indemnity .

The preceding features required that certain traditional statements in the text of the ocean bill of lading be modified or replaced .
the preceding features [] that certain traditional statements in the text of the ocean bill of lading be modified or replaced .

If , on the other hand , the private key process of verification of authenticity involves a manual or visual type of verification , and can be read by anyone , how does this procedure provide the minimum security required by the lawful holder ?
if , on the other hand , the private key process of verification of authenticity involves a manual or visual type of verification , and can be read by anyone , how does this procedure provide the minimum security [] by the lawful holder ?

At this time it is not possible to predict whether all or just part of the above listed data will be required by the public registry , or whether the public registry itself will be a part of a larger commercial registry that would include other trade and secured transactions .
at this time it is not possible to predict whether all or just part of the above listed data will be [] by the public registry , or whether the public registry itself will be a part of a larger commercial registry that would include other trade and secured transactions .

Even then , the chairman is still required to report that the  prayer  has been discussed .
even then , the chairman is still [] to report that the  prayer  has been discussed .

The amendment , originally moved by Lord Ferrers in the House of Lords , required that if any Commons vote on a matter devolved to Scotland was passed by the votes of Scottish MPs , then a second vote on the matter would have to be taken two weeks after the first .
the amendment , originally moved by lord ferrers in the house of lords , [] that if any commons vote on a matter devolved to scotland was passed by the votes of scottish mps , then a second vote on the matter would have to be taken two weeks after the first .

Thus the vote , while in favour , was far short of the 40 per cent target required by Parliament .
thus the vote , while in favour , was far short of the 40 per cent target [] by parliament .

But new problems appeared which required a more positive approach on the part of the government , and this threw the the problem of regional discrepancies in the different levels of wages , unemployment and emigration north and south of a line drawn across England at about York .
but new problems appeared which [] a more positive approach on the part of the government , and this threw the the problem of regional discrepancies in the different levels of wages , unemployment and emigration north and south of a line drawn across england at about york .

What is required is a policy of allocating resources in such quantity and quality in favour of working class or ethnic minority groups as will enable them to have the same effective equality of opportunity in schools as middle-class children .
what is [] is a policy of allocating resources in such quantity and quality in favour of working class or ethnic minority groups as will enable them to have the same effective equality of opportunity in schools as middle-class children .

Fourth , though the concept of a legal right to decent housing has not been fully accepted by government , local authorities are legally required to provide some type of shelter for most of the homeless .
fourth , though the concept of a legal right to decent housing has not been fully accepted by government , local authorities are legally [] to provide some type of shelter for most of the homeless .

Though data are not available , it may well be that socio-economic disparities were narrower in 1974 than before as a result partly of the Contract of Employment Act , 1963 , which required employers to give their employees notice of one to four weeks according to length of service , and partly of the increased power of trade unions .
though data are not available , it may well be that socio-economic disparities were narrower in 1974 than before as a result partly of the contract of employment act , 1963 , which [] employers to give their employees notice of one to four weeks according to length of service , and partly of the increased power of trade unions .

Clearly , the government policies required to make the use of education and health services equitable are a daunting package .
clearly , the government policies [] to make the use of education and health services equitable are a daunting package .

Indirect effects include : ( i ) reductions in the goods and services required to care for the sick ; ( ii ) increases in output resulting from freeing of resources previously used by healthy people to avoid sickness ; ( iii ) the output resulting from any population increase due to a rise in the birth rate , as might result from better health conditions ; ( iv ) any net output resulting from changes in attitudes and in social and political organisation that might be a consequence of better health conditions .
indirect effects include : ( i ) reductions in the goods and services [] to care for the sick ; ( ii ) increases in output resulting from freeing of resources previously used by healthy people to avoid sickness ; ( iii ) the output resulting from any population increase due to a rise in the birth rate , as might result from better health conditions ; ( iv ) any net output resulting from changes in attitudes and in social and political organisation that might be a consequence of better health conditions .

 Of the richest thirty-five countries in 1958 , all but six had the required level of primary education in 1920 ; vice versa , of the fifty countries that had not achieved the minimum level of primary education in 1920 , only one was among the developed countries in 1958 .
 of the richest thirty-five countries in 1958 , all but six had the [] level of primary education in 1920 ; vice versa , of the fifty countries that had not achieved the minimum level of primary education in 1920 , only one was among the developed countries in 1958 .

It is acknowledged , however , that in its efforts to support the capitalist system , politically and economically , the capitalist state creates and expands public and social services only to find that it does not have the required resources to meet the growing cost of the public sector .
it is acknowledged , however , that in its efforts to support the capitalist system , politically and economically , the capitalist state creates and expands public and social services only to find that it does not have the [] resources to meet the growing cost of the public sector .

With very few exceptions , judges are required to be selected from amongst practising barristers and it is difficult for anyone without a private income to survive the first years of practice .
with very few exceptions , judges are [] to be selected from amongst practising barristers and it is difficult for anyone without a private income to survive the first years of practice .

Recorders ( of whom there are over seven hundred , plus some five hundred Assistant Recorders ) are practising barristers or solicitors who are required to sit for a few weeks each year .
recorders ( of whom there are over seven hundred , plus some five hundred assistant recorders ) are practising barristers or solicitors who are [] to sit for a few weeks each year .

In 1974 Lord Gardiner was appointed chairman of a committee to consider what provisions and powers , consistent to the maximum extent practicable in the circumstances with the preservation of civil liberties and human rights , were required to deal with terrorism and subversion in Northern Ireland , including provisions for the administration of justice ; and to examine the working of the Act of 1973 .
in 1974 lord gardiner was appointed chairman of a committee to consider what provisions and powers , consistent to the maximum extent practicable in the circumstances with the preservation of civil liberties and human rights , were [] to deal with terrorism and subversion in northern ireland , including provisions for the administration of justice ; and to examine the working of the act of 1973 .

Departments have their own legal advisers but the view of the judges , who will be required to interpret and apply the legislation , may be thought valuable .
departments have their own legal advisers but the view of the judges , who will be [] to interpret and apply the legislation , may be thought valuable .

Some of the proposals , including those which threatened the monopoly of barristers in superior courts , required all advocates to have certificates of competence , and permitted multi-disciplinary partnerships , aroused considerable opposition from within the profession .
some of the proposals , including those which threatened the monopoly of barristers in superior courts , [] all advocates to have certificates of competence , and permitted multi-disciplinary partnerships , aroused considerable opposition from within the profession .

If not urgent , two clear days ' notice is required but is often waived .
if not urgent , two clear days ' notice is [] but is often waived .

No ballot was held , as was legally required if the action was in breach of contract .
no ballot was held , as was legally [] if the action was in breach of contract .

The precept required an additional supplementary rate of 6p in the  .
the precept [] an additional supplementary rate of 6p in the  .

It is all very well to point out how much food is munched by an animal in order for it to develop a nice juicy back leg or plump shoulder , but what is rarely taken into consideration is the amount of fertile soil and poorly paid labour required to produce the well-fleshed habitus of vegetarian eateries .
it is all very well to point out how much food is munched by an animal in order for it to develop a nice juicy back leg or plump shoulder , but what is rarely taken into consideration is the amount of fertile soil and poorly paid labour [] to produce the well-fleshed habitus of vegetarian eateries .

Self-sufficiency is anathema to capitalism and , despite the already mentioned exhortations , is not what is required .
self-sufficiency is anathema to capitalism and , despite the already mentioned exhortations , is not what is [] .

With an annual rate of 5,000 unsolicited manuscripts , 90 per cent of which are turned down for publication , the editors are in a good position to choose exactly what is required for  the rose of romance  brand-name .
with an annual rate of 5,000 unsolicited manuscripts , 90 per cent of which are turned down for publication , the editors are in a good position to choose exactly what is [] for  the rose of romance  brand-name .

What is not required is the traditional form of arts subsidy : the direct grant to an individual or a group .
what is not [] is the traditional form of arts subsidy : the direct grant to an individual or a group .

In France , the music industry will be required to devote 25 per cent of the tape levy to the  encouragement of creativity  , under a law which came into force in January 1986 .
in france , the music industry will be [] to devote 25 per cent of the tape levy to the  encouragement of creativity  , under a law which came into force in january 1986 .

After long deliberation , they settled on a dark bottle-green , and the elderly assistant measured off the required length , pulling yards of cloth from the bale and running it down the length of the counter , measuring it against a fixed brass rule .
after long deliberation , they settled on a dark bottle-green , and the elderly assistant measured off the [] length , pulling yards of cloth from the bale and running it down the length of the counter , measuring it against a fixed brass rule .

The character of free-standing sculpture , so noticeable in the figures of the east , is abandoned in the chariot-teams , where the near horse alone is carved in full , heads and necks of the others being attached to it in a kind of receding relief ; but this was a special problem which required a special solution .
the character of free-standing sculpture , so noticeable in the figures of the east , is abandoned in the chariot-teams , where the near horse alone is carved in full , heads and necks of the others being attached to it in a kind of receding relief ; but this was a special problem which [] a special solution .

The choice of data and the accuracy required of the forecasts depends on the use to be made of particular forecasts and the time scale to which they relate .
the choice of data and the accuracy [] of the forecasts depends on the use to be made of particular forecasts and the time scale to which they relate .

However , as Simpson ( 1987 ) observes these longer-term forecasts are required to inform policymakers of the potential costs and benefits of alternative strategies as well as for general monitoring .
however , as simpson ( 1987 ) observes these longer-term forecasts are [] to inform policymakers of the potential costs and benefits of alternative strategies as well as for general monitoring .

An increased number of children may not lead to more dwellings being required , but rather to the same number of larger homes ; or may affect the types of homes needed , such as those with amenities like gardens : conversely , an ageing population , which tends to consist of smaller household sizes , may need a larger number of dwellings , perhaps smaller and with special requirements such as ease of access .
an increased number of children may not lead to more dwellings being [] , but rather to the same number of larger homes ; or may affect the types of homes needed , such as those with amenities like gardens : conversely , an ageing population , which tends to consist of smaller household sizes , may need a larger number of dwellings , perhaps smaller and with special requirements such as ease of access .

At the same time , however , these population shifts have been far less than those required to match the scale of interregional differences in employment change shown in table 8.1 .
at the same time , however , these population shifts have been far less than those [] to match the scale of interregional differences in employment change shown in table 8.1 .

The distinction of these functions was in part a result of their internal development , as each function required more skill and time .
the distinction of these functions was in part a result of their internal development , as each function [] more skill and time .

First , the new technology required a much more extensive professional specialization .
first , the new technology [] a much more extensive professional specialization .

The immediate  bone  offered to Mrs Castle was the phasing out of 1,000 pay beds , but that thereafter further pay beds would only be phased out on the direction of the newly established board , with a number of criteria required to justify the release of additional beds : the principal one being the establishment of an alternative source of private beds in the locality of change .
the immediate  bone  offered to mrs castle was the phasing out of 1,000 pay beds , but that thereafter further pay beds would only be phased out on the direction of the newly established board , with a number of criteria [] to justify the release of additional beds : the principal one being the establishment of an alternative source of private beds in the locality of change .

His summing-up left the jury in no doubt about his own views and would have required a jury of quite exceptional perversity to have brought in a guilty verdict .
his summing-up left the jury in no doubt about his own views and would have [] a jury of quite exceptional perversity to have brought in a guilty verdict .

She had always considered Richard to be a fine and good man , a man not possessed of ambition , or of the ruthlessness required to succeed in business , a man with principles and a certain dignity .
she had always considered richard to be a fine and good man , a man not possessed of ambition , or of the ruthlessness [] to succeed in business , a man with principles and a certain dignity .

There has been no strike in agriculture since 1923 and the instinct of the farm worker is to shun rather than seek the kind of publicity which would be required to engender public support for his cause .
there has been no strike in agriculture since 1923 and the instinct of the farm worker is to shun rather than seek the kind of publicity which would be [] to engender public support for his cause .

But as we shall see in Chapter 6 more flexible planning policies are required if the low-wage rural economy is to be alleviated and rural depopulation to be assuaged in those areas where it remains a problem .
but as we shall see in chapter 6 more flexible planning policies are [] if the low-wage rural economy is to be alleviated and rural depopulation to be assuaged in those areas where it remains a problem .

The nature of arable farming , which required a large labour force to tend the crop , conferred upon rural society a rigid social hierarchy .
the nature of arable farming , which [] a large labour force to tend the crop , conferred upon rural society a rigid social hierarchy .

The isolation of the village from the outside world was mitigated by the existence of a close-knit village community with which the farm worker could identify and which provided him with the range of institutions and amenities which he then required in order to live the year round .
the isolation of the village from the outside world was mitigated by the existence of a close-knit village community with which the farm worker could identify and which provided him with the range of institutions and amenities which he then [] in order to live the year round .

Moreover , much of the day-to-day administration has been placed in the hands of salaried officials with the specialized knowledge required to understand the complexities of modern local government administration .
moreover , much of the day-to-day administration has been placed in the hands of salaried officials with the specialized knowledge [] to understand the complexities of modern local government administration .

In the context of the new community care legislation , organisations of disabled people are increasing the pressure on central and local government to provide the necessary housing and support services required to enable disabled people to fully participate in society .
in the context of the new community care legislation , organisations of disabled people are increasing the pressure on central and local government to provide the necessary housing and support services [] to enable disabled people to fully participate in society .

Only three of the housing departments that provided information were able to state how many households on their waiting or transfer list required wheelchair or mobility adapted housing , and only two of these were able to break this information down by bedroom size .
only three of the housing departments that provided information were able to state how many households on their waiting or transfer list [] wheelchair or mobility adapted housing , and only two of these were able to break this information down by bedroom size .

Yet the housing department had no strategy for providing the accommodation required to enable people to use  life skills  by living independently .
yet the housing department had no strategy for providing the accommodation [] to enable people to use  life skills  by living independently .

The radiography profession , for example , was seeking people who displayed tact and empathy ( College of Radiographers , 1985 ) and the audiology technician was required to have  a sympathetic and understanding personality  ( British Society of Audiology , n.d . )
the radiography profession , for example , was seeking people who displayed tact and empathy ( college of radiographers , 1985 ) and the audiology technician was [] to have  a sympathetic and understanding personality  ( british society of audiology , n.d . )

For more than ten years , general practice has required that doctors must now undergo further training .
for more than ten years , general practice has [] that doctors must now undergo further training .

Assessments for benefits and equipment , still widely delegated to doctors , are now matched by other professionals ' assessment procedures , for example when housing adaptations are required .
assessments for benefits and equipment , still widely delegated to doctors , are now matched by other professionals ' assessment procedures , for example when housing adaptations are [] .

At six o'clock , Clare again caught the bus to Pimlico , took Josh back to her basement , cooked his supper , cooked her supper ( increasingly , the same nursery food sufficed for both ) , put Josh to bed , had a drink , looked over any paperwork required by her solicitor , crawled into bed with a book , fell asleep after reading a page , and woke two hours later , unable to get back to sleep .
at six o'clock , clare again caught the bus to pimlico , took josh back to her basement , cooked his supper , cooked her supper ( increasingly , the same nursery food sufficed for both ) , put josh to bed , had a drink , looked over any paperwork [] by her solicitor , crawled into bed with a book , fell asleep after reading a page , and woke two hours later , unable to get back to sleep .

After examining the bathroom , the inspector pointed out that legally one toilet was required for every seven kiddies .
after examining the bathroom , the inspector pointed out that legally one toilet was [] for every seven kiddies .

She also allayed her insecurity with a massive spending spree ; each charity dinner required a new ballgown , and each new glittering friend  contacts for Scott  required a glittering party .
she also allayed her insecurity with a massive spending spree ; each charity dinner [] a new ballgown , and each new glittering friend  contacts for scott  [] a glittering party .

It is possession of this kind of power that gives rise to a distinct need for justification , and which forms the basis for the claim that companies must be required to act in the public interest .
it is possession of this kind of power that gives rise to a distinct need for justification , and which forms the basis for the claim that companies must be [] to act in the public interest .

The strength of union bargaining power is , however , variable , being dependent on such factors as levels of unionisation , the regulatory controls to which unions are required to conform , the ease with which the employer can transfer operations to another country , and not least the state of the employment market .
the strength of union bargaining power is , however , variable , being dependent on such factors as levels of unionisation , the regulatory controls to which unions are [] to conform , the ease with which the employer can transfer operations to another country , and not least the state of the employment market .

This favourable treatment is explained and justified on the basis that the corporators are required to perform public functions in addition to serving their own private interests .
this favourable treatment is explained and justified on the basis that the corporators are [] to perform public functions in addition to serving their own private interests .

Here the public interest in encouraging the private provision of a transport infrastructure and the other prerequisites of industrial development were manifest , and the comparative willingness of the state to provide a business vehicle that would facilitate the accumulation of the vast sums of capital required is readily comprehensible in that light .
here the public interest in encouraging the private provision of a transport infrastructure and the other prerequisites of industrial development were manifest , and the comparative willingness of the state to provide a business vehicle that would facilitate the accumulation of the vast sums of capital [] is readily comprehensible in that light .

The problem with this reasoning is that even if we accept the narrow definition of freedom on which it relies , a system of private property , and in particular private ownership of productive assets , is not the only property system that is capable of bringing about the required dispersal of control over material goods .
the problem with this reasoning is that even if we accept the narrow definition of freedom on which it relies , a system of private property , and in particular private ownership of productive assets , is not the only property system that is capable of bringing about the [] dispersal of control over material goods .

Private property and freedom are not uniquely connected in the way that Hayek suggests , therefore , and if private property is to be justified in terms of freedom some further argument is required that the dispersal theory does not supply .
private property and freedom are not uniquely connected in the way that hayek suggests , therefore , and if private property is to be justified in terms of freedom some further argument is [] that the dispersal theory does not supply .

Now that the objection based on shareholder rights to viewing companies as social enterprises has been removed , we can proceed to a provisional account of the objectives companies should be required to adopt if they are to serve the public interest .
now that the objection based on shareholder rights to viewing companies as social enterprises has been removed , we can proceed to a provisional account of the objectives companies should be [] to adopt if they are to serve the public interest .

To the extent that maximising profits conflicts with the public interest , the solution from this perspective is not to modify corporate objectives , but to strengthen the limiting conditions within which companies are required to operate .
to the extent that maximising profits conflicts with the public interest , the solution from this perspective is not to modify corporate objectives , but to strengthen the limiting conditions within which companies are [] to operate .

These are likely to be self-serving , but , in Berle and Means ' view , the possibility is also opened up that rather than furthering their own interests , or those of the shareholders as currently required by law , management might act in the interests of society as a whole , evolving into a  purely neutral technocracy balancing a variety of claims by various groups in the community and assigning to each a portion of the income stream on the basis of public policy rather than private cupidity  .
these are likely to be self-serving , but , in berle and means ' view , the possibility is also opened up that rather than furthering their own interests , or those of the shareholders as currently [] by law , management might act in the interests of society as a whole , evolving into a  purely neutral technocracy balancing a variety of claims by various groups in the community and assigning to each a portion of the income stream on the basis of public policy rather than private cupidity  .

The latter , as separate legal entities , are also required to have boards of their own .
the latter , as separate legal entities , are also [] to have boards of their own .

The percentage shareholding necessary to give control is problematical since as the degree of dispersal increases effective control can be exercised with a decreasing proportion of the votes , and certainly with considerably less than the 50 per cent required for a member or members to have the right to remove the board .
the percentage shareholding necessary to give control is problematical since as the degree of dispersal increases effective control can be exercised with a decreasing proportion of the votes , and certainly with considerably less than the 50 per cent [] for a member or members to have the right to remove the board .

Thus , Beed has claimed that  since ownership is very widely dispersed  either it could mean , with Berle and Means , that no one individual or small group could gain sufficient votes for control , or , contradicting Berle and Means , that only a few per cent of votes was required for control  .
thus , beed has claimed that  since ownership is very widely dispersed  either it could mean , with berle and means , that no one individual or small group could gain sufficient votes for control , or , contradicting berle and means , that only a few per cent of votes was [] for control  .

The types of behaviour to which this motivation is said to lead include employing a larger staff than is required for the purposes of the business , lavish expenditure on office accommodation , transport , and various forms of entertainment , and on image- building ( but not cost-justified ) advertising , and charitable giving .
the types of behaviour to which this motivation is said to lead include employing a larger staff than is [] for the purposes of the business , lavish expenditure on office accommodation , transport , and various forms of entertainment , and on image- building ( but not cost-justified ) advertising , and charitable giving .

There may also be a degree of self-deception , or at least lack of clarity , on the crucial issue of the distinction between means and ends : is growth seen as a means to long-term profitability , or are profits required as a pre-condition of growth ?
there may also be a degree of self-deception , or at least lack of clarity , on the crucial issue of the distinction between means and ends : is growth seen as a means to long-term profitability , or are profits [] as a pre-condition of growth ?

The argument in support of this interpretation is that section 309 changes the definition of  the interests of the company   it adds the employees to the shareholders as the persons whose interests the directors are required to serve .
the argument in support of this interpretation is that section 309 changes the definition of  the interests of the company   it adds the employees to the shareholders as the persons whose interests the directors are [] to serve .

One of the leading practitioner 's texts on company law , Gore-Browne , argues that while the directors are now required to take employee interests into account , they are never permitted to subordinate the shareholders ' interests to them .
one of the leading practitioner 's texts on company law , gore-browne , argues that while the directors are now [] to take employee interests into account , they are never permitted to subordinate the shareholders ' interests to them .

Thus , in deciding , for example , whether to close down an unprofitable factory and make those working in it redundant , the directors are required to consider the effect of closure on the employees , but they are nevertheless under a duty to shut the factory if they believe this to be in the interests of the shareholders .
thus , in deciding , for example , whether to close down an unprofitable factory and make those working in it redundant , the directors are [] to consider the effect of closure on the employees , but they are nevertheless under a duty to shut the factory if they believe this to be in the interests of the shareholders .

Consent of the shareholders by ordinary resolution is required , unless the articles permit the board to sanction payments without shareholder approval , or provide that a resolution passed by more than a simple majority of shareholders must be obtained .
consent of the shareholders by ordinary resolution is [] , unless the articles permit the board to sanction payments without shareholder approval , or provide that a resolution passed by more than a simple majority of shareholders must be obtained .

To summarise the position so far , it would seem , subject to whatever the correct interpretation of section 309 may be , that the directors are required to further the interests of the shareholders exclusively , and that those interests should be defined purely in financial terms .
to summarise the position so far , it would seem , subject to whatever the correct interpretation of section 309 may be , that the directors are [] to further the interests of the shareholders exclusively , and that those interests should be defined purely in financial terms .

Given that in practice managers , like everyone else , suffer from  bounded rationality  , that is , inadequate information and computational skills , it is apparent that the conduct required for profit maximisation can only be a matter for judgment : there is no practically discoverable , uniquely correct , profit-maximising course of action .
given that in practice managers , like everyone else , suffer from  bounded rationality  , that is , inadequate information and computational skills , it is apparent that the conduct [] for profit maximisation can only be a matter for judgment : there is no practically discoverable , uniquely correct , profit-maximising course of action .

In other cases of benefiting non-shareholder interests , for example installing more effective anti-pollution equipment than is consistent with maximum profits or required by law , or delaying closure of a redundant factory in order to preserve jobs , the conduct , as with growth-motivated behaviour , is an integral part of business activity and so not susceptible to this kind of attack .
in other cases of benefiting non-shareholder interests , for example installing more effective anti-pollution equipment than is consistent with maximum profits or [] by law , or delaying closure of a redundant factory in order to preserve jobs , the conduct , as with growth-motivated behaviour , is an integral part of business activity and so not susceptible to this kind of attack .

Directors are required to satisfy minimum standards of diligence , care , and skill .
directors are [] to satisfy minimum standards of diligence , care , and skill .

Comparatively recent authority also indicates that a higher level of involvement is now required of non- executives than the old cases suggest , in line with changed social expectations of those performing that role .
comparatively recent authority also indicates that a higher level of involvement is now [] of non- executives than the old cases suggest , in line with changed social expectations of those performing that role .

Even accepting that executive directors are now required to give their full-time attention to company affairs , the law appears to have little role to play in ensuring that the board engage in proper long-term planning or respond vigorously to changes in the business environment .
even accepting that executive directors are now [] to give their full-time attention to company affairs , the law appears to have little role to play in ensuring that the board engage in proper long-term planning or respond vigorously to changes in the business environment .

This objective standard may be contrasted with that imposed on persons performing professional services ( or other services involving technical expertise ) , who are required to satisfy the standard of  the ordinary skilled man exercising and professing to have  the relevant skill .
this objective standard may be contrasted with that imposed on persons performing professional services ( or other services involving technical expertise ) , who are [] to satisfy the standard of  the ordinary skilled man exercising and professing to have  the relevant skill .

Applied to directors , this would mean that they would be required to exercise such care and skill as is reasonably to be expected of a person occupying the relevant position .
applied to directors , this would mean that they would be [] to exercise such care and skill as is reasonably to be expected of a person occupying the relevant position .

Similarly , if prices accurately reflect long-term prospects , a fund manager required to improve short-term performance can do so only by identifying and buying under-valued shares , and identifying and selling over-valued ones , which in turn depends on a balanced evaluation of both the company 's short- and long-term position .
similarly , if prices accurately reflect long-term prospects , a fund manager [] to improve short-term performance can do so only by identifying and buying under-valued shares , and identifying and selling over-valued ones , which in turn depends on a balanced evaluation of both the company 's short- and long-term position .

Because of plumbing repairs , she was required to enter the cell block through the front door .
because of plumbing repairs , she was [] to enter the cell block through the front door .

For example , if the category can take the values 1 to 7 , the factory number can be 01 to 11 , the product type can be 01 to 37 , and the number of products in the type can range from 001 to 999 , with 147 being the largest required at present ( the number varies with type ) , then we might have the following runs of continuous numbers made up of the digits representing the category , factory , product type and number of products :
for example , if the category can take the values 1 to 7 , the factory number can be 01 to 11 , the product type can be 01 to 37 , and the number of products in the type can range from 001 to 999 , with 147 being the largest [] at present ( the number varies with type ) , then we might have the following runs of continuous numbers made up of the digits representing the category , factory , product type and number of products :

If groups of records are to be stored in buckets , it will be related to the number of buckets required .
if groups of records are to be stored in buckets , it will be related to the number of buckets [] .

The direct access space required and , in some cases , its distribution .
the direct access space [] and , in some cases , its distribution .

It will not be enough to produce a set of generated addresses corresponding to the number of record storage positions required .
it will not be enough to produce a set of generated addresses corresponding to the number of record storage positions [] .

If the storage area does not start at 0 , then a simple addition will convert this figure to the address range required .
if the storage area does not start at 0 , then a simple addition will convert this figure to the address range [] .

Some prime numbers can usually be found that give a good transformation  in fact it is the high probability that any suitable prime chosen will do so , allied to the ease with which this technique can be used to fit any number of records into precisely the required storage space , that makes this such a convenient method .
some prime numbers can usually be found that give a good transformation  in fact it is the high probability that any suitable prime chosen will do so , allied to the ease with which this technique can be used to fit any number of records into precisely the [] storage space , that makes this such a convenient method .

Seventeen random numbers in the range 000 to 200 ( representing the record keys ) can be selected by choosing the first numbers within the required range occurring in a random number table .
seventeen random numbers in the range 000 to 200 ( representing the record keys ) can be selected by choosing the first numbers within the [] range occurring in a random number table .

10 ) the required Poisson values can be calculated very rapidly ; they are particularly suited to a pocket calculator , as the starting value can be calculated and then modified by multiplying the contents of the calculator by the packing density and dividing by the next value of  x  : 1 when the calculator holds p ( 0 ) , 2 when it holds p ( 1 ) and so on .
10 ) the [] poisson values can be calculated very rapidly ; they are particularly suited to a pocket calculator , as the starting value can be calculated and then modified by multiplying the contents of the calculator by the packing density and dividing by the next value of  x  : 1 when the calculator holds p ( 0 ) , 2 when it holds p ( 1 ) and so on .

Reorganize the file at intervals  unless a randomization technique that allocates space as it is required has been used .
reorganize the file at intervals  unless a randomization technique that allocates space as it is [] has been used .

Check whether the records or records in the home address have the required key .
check whether the records or records in the home address have the [] key .

If it is found that the home record is not the one required , the link address is used .
if it is found that the home record is not the one [] , the link address is used .

However , all the extra space is required in the home records .
however , all the extra space is [] in the home records .

Although the tags will point to the required record addresses directly , accessing or retrieving these synonyms requires a head movement of at least one cylinder .
although the tags will point to the [] record addresses directly , accessing or retrieving these synonyms requires a head movement of at least one cylinder .

When records are stored in the next available position ( i.e. using consecutive spill ) , no extra space is required for chain or tag fields .
when records are stored in the next available position ( i.e. using consecutive spill ) , no extra space is [] for chain or tag fields .

Table 6.6 shows the very different results obtained when the actual time required for each retrieval , including head movements , is used to calculate break-even points , rather than average accesses per retrieval .
table 6.6 shows the very different results obtained when the actual time [] for each retrieval , including head movements , is used to calculate break-even points , rather than average accesses per retrieval .

If records are stored in the next available position in the prime data area  the consecutive spill method  but a link field is provided from the home record or from the last synonym , this avoids unnecessary head movements and cuts down the search time required for the consecutive spill techniques .
if records are stored in the next available position in the prime data area  the consecutive spill method  but a link field is provided from the home record or from the last synonym , this avoids unnecessary head movements and cuts down the search time [] for the consecutive spill techniques .

In the intermediate range of these factors , chaining or tagging records stored in the prime file area is the most efficient solution , while at packing densities in excess of unity a separate overflow area will be required .
in the intermediate range of these factors , chaining or tagging records stored in the prime file area is the most efficient solution , while at packing densities in excess of unity a separate overflow area will be [] .

As the calculations required in this case are complex , they have been set out in Appendix 8 .
as the calculations [] in this case are complex , they have been set out in appendix 8 .

This can be used to calculate the required information ; it turns out that the improvements that can be achieved by access frequency loading are to reduce accesses to synonyms from 34.06 per cent to 28.4 per cent for single  record buckets , and from 8.59 per cent to 4.90 per cent for ten-record buckets .
this can be used to calculate the [] information ; it turns out that the improvements that can be achieved by access frequency loading are to reduce accesses to synonyms from 34.06 per cent to 28.4 per cent for single  record buckets , and from 8.59 per cent to 4.90 per cent for ten-record buckets .

If the records are to be stored in full track buckets , no formatting is required as the track address is available at all times .
if the records are to be stored in full track buckets , no formatting is [] as the track address is available at all times .

In this case the user only needs to specify the bucket size required from the alternatives provided , as the formatting and addressing have already been carried out by the manufacturer .
in this case the user only needs to specify the bucket size [] from the alternatives provided , as the formatting and addressing have already been carried out by the manufacturer .

Decide on the bucket size required .
decide on the bucket size [] .

In order to get the best possible performance from a direct file , information is required .
in order to get the best possible performance from a direct file , information is [] .

Run times will give an indication that reorganization is due ; access data will allow more efficient processing ; service times will indicate the effect of user demand or the need for file reorganization ; a log of the number of sequential processing runs required may point to the use of ancillary files or a different file organization technique .
run times will give an indication that reorganization is due ; access data will allow more efficient processing ; service times will indicate the effect of user demand or the need for file reorganization ; a log of the number of sequential processing runs [] may point to the use of ancillary files or a different file organization technique .

This often happens , as large customers will always remain more  active  than small customers , and some lines of stock are consistently required more frequently than others .
this often happens , as large customers will always remain more  active  than small customers , and some lines of stock are consistently [] more frequently than others .

This system , which is discussed in detail by Montgomery and Wallace leads to a fairly high number of accesses required to retrieve records from a well-aged file , i.e .
this system , which is discussed in detail by montgomery and wallace leads to a fairly high number of accesses [] to retrieve records from a well-aged file , i.e .

This is a result of the very much larger number of accesses required to find spare space for an addition , in comparison with those required to locate a record already in the file .
this is a result of the very much larger number of accesses [] to find spare space for an addition , in comparison with those [] to locate a record already in the file .

Outline the data required to apply it , and the way that data can he obtained .
outline the data [] to apply it , and the way that data can he obtained .

Such a need could be met by processing the whole file sequentially and looking for the records required , but this would be very inefficient .
such a need could be met by processing the whole file sequentially and looking for the records [] , but this would be very inefficient .

An optional separate overflow area : the decision as to whether such an overflow area is required , and how best to allow for it , is considered later in this chapter .
an optional separate overflow area : the decision as to whether such an overflow area is [] , and how best to allow for it , is considered later in this chapter .

The balanced tree index allows for deletions without difficulty , because records are tagged but not removed , so that no data manipulation is required .
the balanced tree index allows for deletions without difficulty , because records are tagged but not removed , so that no data manipulation is [] .

As this will lead to slow retrieval of added records , more frequent reorganization will be required than in any other case .
as this will lead to slow retrieval of added records , more frequent reorganization will be [] than in any other case .

If half the records on a track have to be moved one at a time , and a device revolution is required for each movement , additions can take a great deal of time .
if half the records on a track have to be moved one at a time , and a device revolution is [] for each movement , additions can take a great deal of time .

For this reason the separate count , key and data format is usually required , i.e .
for this reason the separate count , key and data format is usually [] , i.e .

The software that handles index building and additions can operate on the keys separately , while the size of the gap between key and data allows the data record to be transferred into main storage if it turns out to be the required record after examination of the key by the control unit .
the software that handles index building and additions can operate on the keys separately , while the size of the gap between key and data allows the data record to be transferred into main storage if it turns out to be the [] record after examination of the key by the control unit .

The cylinder index and any higher-level indexes : it is unlikely that any but the largest files will require more than one cylinder for these indexes , although a complete cylinder has often to be set aside for them , as is required by some manufacturers ' software .
the cylinder index and any higher-level indexes : it is unlikely that any but the largest files will require more than one cylinder for these indexes , although a complete cylinder has often to be set aside for them , as is [] by some manufacturers ' software .

Apart from the points discussed above , which are due to the structure of the file , two more considerations will influence the space required by the file .
apart from the points discussed above , which are due to the structure of the file , two more considerations will influence the space [] by the file .

There will be a rotational delay of half a revolution on average before the required track index entries are found .
there will be a rotational delay of half a revolution on average before the [] track index entries are found .

an increased number of data tracks , each of which will require index entries and so will add to the time required for rotational delays described in 2 above .
an increased number of data tracks , each of which will require index entries and so will add to the time [] for rotational delays described in 2 above .

In comparison , the time required to make random insertions to direct-linked balanced tree files did not change with overflow percentage .
in comparison , the time [] to make random insertions to direct-linked balanced tree files did not change with overflow percentage .

When the hit rate  the percentage of records that has to be processed  is low , records , whole tracks and even cylinders may be skipped without reading them if they are not required .
when the hit rate  the percentage of records that has to be processed  is low , records , whole tracks and even cylinders may be skipped without reading them if they are not [] .

Although a sequential file using a record storage format in which keys are separate from data can also skip records , every key has to be checked so every track has to be traversed , whether any records on it are required or not .
although a sequential file using a record storage format in which keys are separate from data can also skip records , every key has to be checked so every track has to be traversed , whether any records on it are [] or not .

The reason for the need to read more records is that as the blocks get larger there is an ever-increasing likelihood of at least one update being required from amongst the records in the block .
the reason for the need to read more records is that as the blocks get larger there is an ever-increasing likelihood of at least one update being [] from amongst the records in the block .

At the other extreme , very even updating patterns would mean that most blocks or even every block required to be read and such a pattern would therefore make skip-sequential processing pointless .
at the other extreme , very even updating patterns would mean that most blocks or even every block [] to be read and such a pattern would therefore make skip-sequential processing pointless .

It will , however , mean that a larger quantity of data has to be transferred into main storage for each update operation , even if only one record in the block is required .
it will , however , mean that a larger quantity of data has to be transferred into main storage for each update operation , even if only one record in the block is [] .

If the record required is available on the prime data track it should be located , on average , in half a revolution .
if the record [] is available on the prime data track it should be located , on average , in half a revolution .

The additional times caused by linkage handling can be avoided if the link held on the prime data track contains the record key , and if the software can detect whether the required record is in overflow quickly enough to avoid missing the start of the next record .
the additional times caused by linkage handling can be avoided if the link held on the prime data track contains the record key , and if the software can detect whether the [] record is in overflow quickly enough to avoid missing the start of the next record .

In addition , about seventy-four cylinders could be skipped so there would be around 126  10 ms required for head movements .
in addition , about seventy-four cylinders could be skipped so there would be around 126  10 ms [] for head movements .

7.22 ; for numbers of records for which a sequential curve is above each straight line that represents the time required to process a record directly , direct processing is faster .
7.22 ; for numbers of records for which a sequential curve is above each straight line that represents the time [] to process a record directly , direct processing is faster .

Separate software modules are required to handle direct and sequential retrieval , using a great deal of space in main storage ;
separate software modules are [] to handle direct and sequential retrieval , using a great deal of space in main storage ;

Distribution of free space  the ability to define empty control intervals where they are required  means that careful planning with a knowledge of the likely distribution of additions will reduce the need for control area splits , and possibly of control interval splits .
distribution of free space  the ability to define empty control intervals where they are []  means that careful planning with a knowledge of the likely distribution of additions will reduce the need for control area splits , and possibly of control interval splits .

Indicate which of them are essential and which are used only when required .
indicate which of them are essential and which are used only when [] .

In each of these cases a single key is all that is required to reference the record .
in each of these cases a single key is all that is [] to reference the record .

The work areas required in main storage are relatively small as only one record is being examined at any one time .
the work areas [] in main storage are relatively small as only one record is being examined at any one time .

Bit-pattern indexes will be examined in more detail later ; however , in some circumstances a more rapid reference technique than that provided by a serial file is required .
bit-pattern indexes will be examined in more detail later ; however , in some circumstances a more rapid reference technique than that provided by a serial file is [] .

In fact , what is known from these specified conditions is the attributes required .
in fact , what is known from these specified conditions is the attributes [] .

First , the file may not be able to support such complicated search conditions as a serial file , because the size of work area required to process a request is now much larger ; instead of dealing with one record at a time , the system now deals with all relevant records at once .
first , the file may not be able to support such complicated search conditions as a serial file , because the size of work area [] to process a request is now much larger ; instead of dealing with one record at a time , the system now deals with all relevant records at once .

In this type of file there are the same sets of indexes as are required for an inverted file .
in this type of file there are the same sets of indexes as are [] for an inverted file .

This is because in searching a very large library collection it is essential to attempt to ensure that the user gets just those references that are required .
this is because in searching a very large library collection it is essential to attempt to ensure that the user gets just those references that are [] .

It was pointed out earlier that one difficulty in using inverted files is the need to deal with all the records possessing a given attribute at the same time , so that a great deal of working space is required in main storage .
it was pointed out earlier that one difficulty in using inverted files is the need to deal with all the records possessing a given attribute at the same time , so that a great deal of working space is [] in main storage .

All that is required is to create a new file , although this can be time-consuming .
all that is [] is to create a new file , although this can be time-consuming .

Generally the file itself , and the associated processing programs , will have to be written by the user if high standards of optimization are required .
generally the file itself , and the associated processing programs , will have to be written by the user if high standards of optimization are [] .

What are the main file types used in multiple-key retrieval ? Describe the make-up of each type and use the same set of data to show the different data structures required in each file type .
what are the main file types used in multiple-key retrieval ? describe the make-up of each type and use the same set of data to show the different data structures [] in each file type .

She was surprised that to be herself and speak her mind required such physical effort .
she was surprised that to be herself and speak her mind [] such physical effort .

He required everyone to love him .
he [] everyone to love him .

From Mary she required nothing but her presence and she was not at all interested in any talk of village gavottes .
from mary she [] nothing but her presence and she was not at all interested in any talk of village gavottes .

Although he had merely played with the idea , he had thought about murder this morning and who was to say that given propitious circumstances and the required degree of desperation , he might not indeed  murder ?
although he had merely played with the idea , he had thought about murder this morning and who was to say that given propitious circumstances and the [] degree of desperation , he might not indeed  murder ?

No special procedures are required for amending or repealing such laws .
no special procedures are [] for amending or repealing such laws .

In most of the present liberal-democratic countries it required many decades of agitation and organization , and in few countries was anything like it achieved until late in the nineteenth century .
in most of the present liberal-democratic countries it [] many decades of agitation and organization , and in few countries was anything like it achieved until late in the nineteenth century .

But the state , from this point of view , is a nebulous entity ; and while men may choose to give their allegiance to it , it is to the government that they are required to give their obedience .
but the state , from this point of view , is a nebulous entity ; and while men may choose to give their allegiance to it , it is to the government that they are [] to give their obedience .

Its existence may be conceded to be a matter of political fact , but its normative content is a matter of law : the courts are required to enforce the terms of the most recent statement of Parliament 's will , expressed in the usual form 
its existence may be conceded to be a matter of political fact , but its normative content is a matter of law : the courts are [] to enforce the terms of the most recent statement of parliament 's will , expressed in the usual form 

Neither distinction can be sustained when the courts are required to determine the limits of parliamentary sovereignty .
neither distinction can be sustained when the courts are [] to determine the limits of parliamentary sovereignty .

That excessive Bayle ought not to be required nor excessive fynes imposed nor cruel and unusuall Punishments inflicted .
that excessive bayle ought not to be [] nor excessive fynes imposed nor cruel and unusuall punishments inflicted .

In particular the Bill was presented as being unopposed , but notice had not been given to affected landowners as required by Standing Orders .
in particular the bill was presented as being unopposed , but notice had not been given to affected landowners as [] by standing orders .

Often this has resulted either in a loss of heart by both choirs and organists , leading to the demise of choral singing and organ-playing , or in these services being no longer required .
often this has resulted either in a loss of heart by both choirs and organists , leading to the demise of choral singing and organ-playing , or in these services being no longer [] .

Where a new instrument is required , it is now common to install a small tracker-action pipe organ rather than an over-large romantic one which is costly to maintain .
where a new instrument is [] , it is now common to install a small tracker-action pipe organ rather than an over-large romantic one which is costly to maintain .

Most chanting is unaccompanied , often because no one is available with the required skill , especially to accompany plainsong .
most chanting is unaccompanied , often because no one is available with the [] skill , especially to accompany plainsong .

Because the music is simple , repetitive and easily accessible to all , no great musical ability and no books are required .
because the music is simple , repetitive and easily accessible to all , no great musical ability and no books are [] .

The system of organ scholarships provides young musicians with opportunities to learn on the job as an apprentice , but a degree in music is also increasingly required .
the system of organ scholarships provides young musicians with opportunities to learn on the job as an apprentice , but a degree in music is also increasingly [] .

It is also useful for some contemporary music where a light , jazz-style accompaniment is required .
it is also useful for some contemporary music where a light , jazz-style accompaniment is [] .

Some have their own built into them , although in large buildings further amplification and speakers may be required .
some have their own built into them , although in large buildings further amplification and speakers may be [] .

Permission for the use of copyright musical works in worship is not therefore required .
permission for the use of copyright musical works in worship is not therefore [] .

Sensitive planning and careful organisation are required , but marches and processions , perhaps with dance and drama , can contribute to a powerful musical witness to the faith of the Church .
sensitive planning and careful organisation are [] , but marches and processions , perhaps with dance and drama , can contribute to a powerful musical witness to the faith of the church .

Nevertheless , distinguished musicians might be pleased to tackle the challenge of simplicity required by a church with few musical resources , and congregations are not often taken into account in commissioned music .
nevertheless , distinguished musicians might be pleased to tackle the challenge of simplicity [] by a church with few musical resources , and congregations are not often taken into account in commissioned music .

It is important that those who commission a work give the composer a brief of what is required and information about the resources available .
it is important that those who commission a work give the composer a brief of what is [] and information about the resources available .

The ability to sing a service is not , however , as important as having the skills required to lead worship .
the ability to sing a service is not , however , as important as having the skills [] to lead worship .

An imaginative and sustained programme of recruitment for choirs and music groups is required , not only to ensure their future but also to train tomorrow 's directors of music .
an imaginative and sustained programme of recruitment for choirs and music groups is [] , not only to ensure their future but also to train tomorrow 's directors of music .

Much unseen work , including individual practice where that is required , is put into even a short public performance .
much unseen work , including individual practice where that is [] , is put into even a short public performance .

Skill is also required to arrange it for a particular choir , group or instruments .
skill is also [] to arrange it for a particular choir , group or instruments .

For most students , physics was no longer a subject which required thought and understanding :
for most students , physics was no longer a subject which [] thought and understanding :

Implicit in Paul 's description of another student is the idea that , although the student did n't do what was required , he got round it in such a clever and ingenious way , that he still deserved to do well in it ; indeed , Paul said that  there is less understanding in lab work than there is ingenuity  .
implicit in paul 's description of another student is the idea that , although the student did n't do what was [] , he got round it in such a clever and ingenious way , that he still deserved to do well in it ; indeed , paul said that  there is less understanding in lab work than there is ingenuity  .

The heavy workload and the difficulty of the work itself meant that a high degree of conformity was required of all but the most able students .
the heavy workload and the difficulty of the work itself meant that a high degree of conformity was [] of all but the most able students .

He told his superiors in Paris that 300 000 troops would be required to achieve anything ( an accurate estimate of what the French eventually had to commit in Indo-China ) .
he told his superiors in paris that 300 000 troops would be [] to achieve anything ( an accurate estimate of what the french eventually had to commit in indo-china ) .

Within four years of his return , Nkrumah had emerged as the acknowledged national leader whose stature required a rapid acceleration in the political process .
within four years of his return , nkrumah had emerged as the acknowledged national leader whose stature [] a rapid acceleration in the political process .

Perhaps more important , the motor transport required by a modern army was supplied with drivers by conscripting bus , lorry and taxi drivers from Accra and the other big towns .
perhaps more important , the motor transport [] by a modern army was supplied with drivers by conscripting bus , lorry and taxi drivers from accra and the other big towns .

This group will have 80 per cent of their poll tax met but will be required to meet 20 per cent of the tax from their own income .
this group will have 80 per cent of their poll tax met but will be [] to meet 20 per cent of the tax from their own income .

One arises from the adaptation to new skills required to man the information technology revolution through which we are now living .
one arises from the adaptation to new skills [] to man the information technology revolution through which we are now living .

The other is dominated by workers with few skills , other than their willingness to work the hours required by their employers .
the other is dominated by workers with few skills , other than their willingness to work the hours [] by their employers .

People would be required to enter their own wealth holdings , and wealth from which they benefit or may benefit , which is held in family trusts .
people would be [] to enter their own wealth holdings , and wealth from which they benefit or may benefit , which is held in family trusts .

These would have to be actuarily based , and increased contributions would be required .
these would have to be actuarily based , and increased contributions would be [] .

The first is that after an initial period single parents should be required to name the father of their children when signing on for welfare .
the first is that after an initial period single parents should be [] to name the father of their children when signing on for welfare .

The curriculum is devised primarily according to the knowledge and skills required by the practising surveyor , and the theoretical content is that required to give the student the necessary understanding .
the curriculum is devised primarily according to the knowledge and skills [] by the practising surveyor , and the theoretical content is that [] to give the student the necessary understanding .

These modifications are required because of the similarity of our task to the ethnographic tasks described in Cohen ( 1982 ) .
these modifications are [] because of the similarity of our task to the ethnographic tasks described in cohen ( 1982 ) .

Therefore , if we are to find out what linguistic variation means to in-group members and how it functions in the community , much more prior observation and analysis is needed than would be required for better described varieties .
therefore , if we are to find out what linguistic variation means to in-group members and how it functions in the community , much more prior observation and analysis is needed than would be [] for better described varieties .

For example , in one story , an organisation required a new item to go through some 270 checks before production , which understandably cut into its capacity to innovate .
for example , in one story , an organisation [] a new item to go through some 270 checks before production , which understandably cut into its capacity to innovate .

Most people required as much practice as is required to play a not-so-decent game of tennis .
most people [] as much practice as is [] to play a not-so-decent game of tennis .

It is essential that management reward rather than punish the risk taking required in abandoning the old and trying the new .
it is essential that management reward rather than punish the risk taking [] in abandoning the old and trying the new .

Extrapolating what is required to go from the present state to the transitional state .
extrapolating what is [] to go from the present state to the transitional state .

This step consists of identifying in detail what is required to get from here to there : the activities that must be completed , the resources that must be allocated , the relationships that must be in place , the management structures that are necessary for the transition , and the rewards that must exist .
this step consists of identifying in detail what is [] to get from here to there : the activities that must be completed , the resources that must be allocated , the relationships that must be in place , the management structures that are necessary for the transition , and the rewards that must exist .

It is not enough to carefully analyze what is required to get from here to there ; it is equally important to analyze and provide what is necessary to make the change stick .
it is not enough to carefully analyze what is [] to get from here to there ; it is equally important to analyze and provide what is necessary to make the change stick .

No other contact with the board was required of the business heads , although each had a contact on the board who provided ongoing support .
no other contact with the board was [] of the business heads , although each had a contact on the board who provided ongoing support .

This change process enabled the manufacturing entity to effect not only the required reduction in numbers of employees , but also an improvement in operation .
this change process enabled the manufacturing entity to effect not only the [] reduction in numbers of employees , but also an improvement in operation .

For example , five levels of management were cut ; this development sent a message to the work force that the required reductions were not to take place only at the lower levels of the hierarchy .
for example , five levels of management were cut ; this development sent a message to the work force that the [] reductions were not to take place only at the lower levels of the hierarchy .

Such pervasive changes could not be negotiated centrally through a national agreement but required the decentralization of industrial relations to plan level .
such pervasive changes could not be negotiated centrally through a national agreement but [] the decentralization of industrial relations to plan level .

What is now required are current , documented examples to illustrate the nature and direction of the new trend .
what is now [] are current , documented examples to illustrate the nature and direction of the new trend .

Management had a clear view of future products , and of the type of organizational design that would be required to manufacture them competitively .
management had a clear view of future products , and of the type of organizational design that would be [] to manufacture them competitively .

Support personnel worked in areas adjacent to the production floor , so that they could be contacted instantly when required , and through constant contact keep up to date with the processes which they served .
support personnel worked in areas adjacent to the production floor , so that they could be contacted instantly when [] , and through constant contact keep up to date with the processes which they served .

This process began early , which gave personnel plenty of time to absorb the new ideas , and the changes in behaviour and attitudes that were required .
this process began early , which gave personnel plenty of time to absorb the new ideas , and the changes in behaviour and attitudes that were [] .

Financial assistance may be required to meet the  front end  costs of marketing and establishing distribution and service networks , as well as there being policies to protect the domestic market from other governments ' predatory trade strategies , such as dumping and the provision of credit packages on tenders for major development projects .
financial assistance may be [] to meet the  front end  costs of marketing and establishing distribution and service networks , as well as there being policies to protect the domestic market from other governments ' predatory trade strategies , such as dumping and the provision of credit packages on tenders for major development projects .

Industrial relations systems that do not put arbitrary limits on technological innovation and the upgrading of work practices will also be required .
industrial relations systems that do not put arbitrary limits on technological innovation and the upgrading of work practices will also be [] .

Where there is a high degree of skill division then more formalized and externalized co-ordination and control will be required .
where there is a high degree of skill division then more formalized and externalized co-ordination and control will be [] .

They were required to respond Yes , No or  ?
they were [] to respond yes , no or  ?

Considerable ingenuity may be required to discover non-racial criteria for racial discrimination and non-racial reasons for criticizing other races .
considerable ingenuity may be [] to discover non-racial criteria for racial discrimination and non-racial reasons for criticizing other races .

The Food Safety Act 1990 regulates the quality of food which is produced and served to the public , and it renders businesses which do not meet the standards required liable for prosecution and punishment .
the food safety act 1990 regulates the quality of food which is produced and served to the public , and it renders businesses which do not meet the standards [] liable for prosecution and punishment .

Legislation may be required for any one of a number of reasons :
legislation may be [] for any one of a number of reasons :

The mischief rule . In Heydon 's case ( 1584 ) the court required that four questions should be considered when giving a meaning to a statutory provision :
the mischief rule . in heydon 's case ( 1584 ) the court [] that four questions should be considered when giving a meaning to a statutory provision :

Law reporting is required because those who wish to rely upon a previous decision of the court to further their own case must have a clear and reliable record of the decision and the reason for the decision in the earlier case .
law reporting is [] because those who wish to rely upon a previous decision of the court to further their own case must have a clear and reliable record of the decision and the reason for the decision in the earlier case .

If more specialized expertise is required the solicitor whom you have instructed to act on your behalf may consult , i.e .
if more specialized expertise is [] the solicitor whom you have instructed to act on your behalf may consult , i.e .

Since the Magistrates ' Court is an inferior court , the party need not be represented by a barrister ; solicitors can provide representation if any is required .
since the magistrates ' court is an inferior court , the party need not be represented by a barrister ; solicitors can provide representation if any is [] .

The only formality required of a person who wishes to commence trading in this way concerns the naming of the business .
the only formality [] of a person who wishes to commence trading in this way concerns the naming of the business .

An individual is not required to contribute either property or capital in order to be a partner .
an individual is not [] to contribute either property or capital in order to be a partner .

The formalities required before a company can commence trading are relatively straightforward .
the formalities [] before a company can commence trading are relatively straightforward .

Once the required documents have been delivered , the registrar , under s. 12(1) , must be satisfied that all the requirements of the Act in respect of registration have been complied with . He or she then , in accordance with s. 13(1) , issues a certificate of incorporation and , under s. 705 , allocates to the company its registered number
once the [] documents have been delivered , the registrar , under s. 12(1) , must be satisfied that all the requirements of the act in respect of registration have been complied with . he or she then , in accordance with s. 13(1) , issues a certificate of incorporation and , under s. 705 , allocates to the company its registered number

Obviously the formalities required to create a company incur costs :
obviously the formalities [] to create a company incur costs :

They must sign the statement required by s. 10 on the registration of the company .
they must sign the statement [] by s. 10 on the registration of the company .

How many directors are required ?
how many directors are [] ?

Section 13 ( 5 ) provides that the persons named in the statement ( required by s. 10 upon registration of the company ) shall , upon incorporation , be treated as appointed to be the company 's directors .
section 13 ( 5 ) provides that the persons named in the statement ( [] by s. 10 upon registration of the company ) shall , upon incorporation , be treated as appointed to be the company 's directors .

The company secretary is an officer of the company , one which every company is required to have by s. 283 of the 1985 Act .
the company secretary is an officer of the company , one which every company is [] to have by s. 283 of the 1985 act .

Indeed the type of enterprise envisaged will normally determine the kind of premises required .
indeed the type of enterprise envisaged will normally determine the kind of premises [] .

Since the acquisition of premises ( other than where the entrepreneur purchases the premises as a going concern and merely takes over an existing catering enterprise ) normally involves at least a change of use and often the development of the premises , planning permission is required .
since the acquisition of premises ( other than where the entrepreneur purchases the premises as a going concern and merely takes over an existing catering enterprise ) normally involves at least a change of use and often the development of the premises , planning permission is [] .

For what kind of building work is planning permission required ?
for what kind of building work is planning permission [] ?

If , for instance , Ms Intrepid acquires a small cafe and wishes to convert it to high-class tearooms and this necessitates minor internal building works and extensive redecoration , planning permission will not be required , since the alterations are purely internal and do not alter the use to which the buildings are put , nor do they materially affect the external appearance of the property .
if , for instance , ms intrepid acquires a small cafe and wishes to convert it to high-class tearooms and this necessitates minor internal building works and extensive redecoration , planning permission will not be [] , since the alterations are purely internal and do not alter the use to which the buildings are put , nor do they materially affect the external appearance of the property .

Hence , if Mr Keen purchases a freehold shop which was previously an undertaker 's and wishes to open Ghosts , a wine bar , on the premises , although the building work he undertakes may be wholly internal , a change of use is involved and therefore planning permission is required .
hence , if mr keen purchases a freehold shop which was previously an undertaker 's and wishes to open ghosts , a wine bar , on the premises , although the building work he undertakes may be wholly internal , a change of use is involved and therefore planning permission is [] .

being converted to catering premises , even though external work may not be undertaken , planning permission is required owing to the change of use , and similarly with large private residences being converted into small country hotels .
being converted to catering premises , even though external work may not be undertaken , planning permission is [] owing to the change of use , and similarly with large private residences being converted into small country hotels .

Before planning permission is required the change of use must be a  material  change .
before planning permission is [] the change of use must be a  material  change .

However , if a pub wished to expand its business by the creation of a restaurant and moreover by offering accommodation , this would amount to a material change and planning permission would be required to convert the premises for such use .
however , if a pub wished to expand its business by the creation of a restaurant and moreover by offering accommodation , this would amount to a material change and planning permission would be [] to convert the premises for such use .

Is planning permission required where the logical expansion of the catering enterprise requires part of the premises to be put to a different use ?
is planning permission [] where the logical expansion of the catering enterprise requires part of the premises to be put to a different use ?

Where planning permission is required an architect will need to be instructed to draw up complete plans of the proposed work which are thereafter submitted to the local planning office .
where planning permission is [] an architect will need to be instructed to draw up complete plans of the proposed work which are thereafter submitted to the local planning office .

Very broadly stated , it is a duty to treat the trespasser with ordinary humanity  the occupier is not at fault if he has done as much as is required of him , if he has taken reasonable steps to deter the trespasser from entering or remaining on the premises , or part of the premises , in which he will encounter a dangerous situation .
very broadly stated , it is a duty to treat the trespasser with ordinary humanity  the occupier is not at fault if he has done as much as is [] of him , if he has taken reasonable steps to deter the trespasser from entering or remaining on the premises , or part of the premises , in which he will encounter a dangerous situation .

the foreseeability of the presence of the entrant  the more likely the presence of the non-visitor the greater the precautions required .
the foreseeability of the presence of the entrant  the more likely the presence of the non-visitor the greater the precautions [] .

At this stage , what began as an expression of pure assimilation , in which anything could provide the basis for the child 's construction of images , turns increasingly into games with a much stronger accommodative element , as a genuine resemblance is required between the signifier and the signified , and the actual characteristics of the village or wedding observed must be taken into account .
at this stage , what began as an expression of pure assimilation , in which anything could provide the basis for the child 's construction of images , turns increasingly into games with a much stronger accommodative element , as a genuine resemblance is [] between the signifier and the signified , and the actual characteristics of the village or wedding observed must be taken into account .

Both people and objects are then required to exemplify the stereotypes which have been constructed .
both people and objects are then [] to exemplify the stereotypes which have been constructed .

Within production , computerization has produced  automatic production control  in integrated and self-monitoring plant and machinery which has required changes in the labour process .
within production , computerization has produced  automatic production control  in integrated and self-monitoring plant and machinery which has [] changes in the labour process .

In order to gauge the equity of service , information is required on such matters as demography , geographical location , age , sex and race of service recipients .
in order to gauge the equity of service , information is [] on such matters as demography , geographical location , age , sex and race of service recipients .

Traditionally , only local authorities and nationalized industries were required to publish annual reports .
traditionally , only local authorities and nationalized industries were [] to publish annual reports .

the provision of work instructions , in sufficient detail , to employees who are suitably qualified and trained for the duties they are required to perform .
the provision of work instructions , in sufficient detail , to employees who are suitably qualified and trained for the duties they are [] to perform .

For such a system to work , it is argued that  systems politics  is required .
for such a system to work , it is argued that  systems politics  is [] .

For example , it could be that after initial investment has taken place further capital investment may be required in a subsequent period which , in that year , is greater than the firm 's net trading cash inflows .
for example , it could be that after initial investment has taken place further capital investment may be [] in a subsequent period which , in that year , is greater than the firm 's net trading cash inflows .

There is a significant difference between the initial investments required by each project .
there is a significant difference between the initial investments [] by each project .

Economists would describe this rate as that required in order to forgo current consumption .
economists would describe this rate as that [] in order to forgo current consumption .

The riskiness of the investment : investors are assumed to be risk-averse and therefore the required rate of return they require will increase with the perceived riskiness of an investment .
the riskiness of the investment : investors are assumed to be risk-averse and therefore the [] rate of return they require will increase with the perceived riskiness of an investment .

The appropriate values of the cost of equity and debt finance are the current required returns from these securities as they represent the opportunity cost of utilizing such funds .
the appropriate values of the cost of equity and debt finance are the current [] returns from these securities as they represent the opportunity cost of utilizing such funds .

The social time preference rate This rate reflects the rate of return required by the community to forgo current consumption for future consumption .
the social time preference rate this rate reflects the rate of return [] by the community to forgo current consumption for future consumption .

Similar considerations would also be required when attempting to consider the competing demands for investment between government departments , such as between state education and the National Health Service or between public sector housing and defence .
similar considerations would also be [] when attempting to consider the competing demands for investment between government departments , such as between state education and the national health service or between public sector housing and defence .

In theory , though not always in practice , the 1866 Act required a 100 per cent audit of all transactions .
in theory , though not always in practice , the 1866 act [] a 100 per cent audit of all transactions .

To help authorities improve the returns on the 25 billion+ as required by Section 15 , viz :
to help authorities improve the returns on the 25 billion+ as [] by section 15 , viz :

1 identify , in the course of the annual audit effort , specific local opportunities to improve value for money by reference to other steps that have already been taken successfully in other authorities facing similar problems ; 2 promote good management practice by documenting achievements and training auditors to spot potential improvements , and publishing the results of special reports ; 3 encourage  even promote  action , though ( auditors  ) reports to officers and members , management letters to the authority and ( if necessary ) reports in the public interest ; 4 monitor implementation performance during annual audits , drawing attention as required to any shortfall ; 5 co-ordinate the efforts of related organizations . The Commission does not believe that it would be fruitful simply to gauge individual local authorities ' spending levels against aggregate spending levels ( 1983 , p. 17 ) :
1 identify , in the course of the annual audit effort , specific local opportunities to improve value for money by reference to other steps that have already been taken successfully in other authorities facing similar problems ; 2 promote good management practice by documenting achievements and training auditors to spot potential improvements , and publishing the results of special reports ; 3 encourage  even promote  action , though ( auditors  ) reports to officers and members , management letters to the authority and ( if necessary ) reports in the public interest ; 4 monitor implementation performance during annual audits , drawing attention as [] to any shortfall ; 5 co-ordinate the efforts of related organizations . the commission does not believe that it would be fruitful simply to gauge individual local authorities ' spending levels against aggregate spending levels ( 1983 , p. 17 ) :

There will be an increasing need for specialist staff who will have to work with departmental management in determining whether or not they and their staff have been successful in producing the level and quantity of service required by those who formulate policy .
there will be an increasing need for specialist staff who will have to work with departmental management in determining whether or not they and their staff have been successful in producing the level and quantity of service [] by those who formulate policy .

As both politicians and the public become more economically orientated there is a knock-on effect such that organizations are required to place a far greater emphasis on controlling costs and on the provision of relevant financial information .
as both politicians and the public become more economically orientated there is a knock-on effect such that organizations are [] to place a far greater emphasis on controlling costs and on the provision of relevant financial information .

Any money not required to meet chargeable expenditure in that year can not be carried forward to the next financial year ; it must be surrendered to the Consolidated Fund .
any money not [] to meet chargeable expenditure in that year can not be carried forward to the next financial year ; it must be surrendered to the consolidated fund .

The winter Consolidated Fund Act authorizes the issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the total sun required by the winter supplementaries for the current year and for the vote on account for the following year .
the winter consolidated fund act authorizes the issue out of the consolidated fund of the total sun [] by the winter supplementaries for the current year and for the vote on account for the following year .

Finally , the spring Consolidated Fund Act authorizes the issue of the amount required in the spring supplementaries for the current year and also the total sun required to meet any excess votes in the prior year .
finally , the spring consolidated fund act authorizes the issue of the amount [] in the spring supplementaries for the current year and also the total sun [] to meet any excess votes in the prior year .

No provision is made in votes for commitments entered into but not yet matured , nor for supporting services for which the receiving department is not required to make a cash payment .
no provision is made in votes for commitments entered into but not yet matured , nor for supporting services for which the receiving department is not [] to make a cash payment .

consultations required ;
consultations [] ;

legislative action required ;
legislative action [] ;

administrative action required ;
administrative action [] ;

In these cases it is more desirable to have the person or item carry the required information .
in these cases it is more desirable to have the person or item carry the [] information .

In addition to the personal skills of change masters , interpersonal and organizational skills are also required .
in addition to the personal skills of change masters , interpersonal and organizational skills are also [] .

First is the  horse trading  required .
first is the  horse trading  [] .

As to formal written reports , in our sample firms we also saw efforts to reduce the number of them , and to facilitate their production  for instance , by substituting computer programs for manual information collection and transmittal . Nevertheless , despite such efforts , the management effort required to co-ordinate , collaborate and integrate innovation activities is great :
as to formal written reports , in our sample firms we also saw efforts to reduce the number of them , and to facilitate their production  for instance , by substituting computer programs for manual information collection and transmittal . nevertheless , despite such efforts , the management effort [] to co-ordinate , collaborate and integrate innovation activities is great :

All these contributions and more , in addition to the required time , must be forthcoming if the committees and interfaces are in fact to produce the close coupling and co-ordinated collaboration these firms need .
all these contributions and more , in addition to the [] time , must be forthcoming if the committees and interfaces are in fact to produce the close coupling and co-ordinated collaboration these firms need .

control : a special approach is required for monitoring the project .
control : a special approach is [] for monitoring the project .

Such situations allow little opportunity for innovative behaviour and may cause a great strain on the staff ; good planning and skilful leadership are required if innovative projects are not going to suffer too much .
such situations allow little opportunity for innovative behaviour and may cause a great strain on the staff ; good planning and skilful leadership are [] if innovative projects are not going to suffer too much .

He determines the type of activities required and their timing .
he determines the type of activities [] and their timing .

According to this view , the occurrence of invention is not certain ; an act of insight is required .
according to this view , the occurrence of invention is not certain ; an act of insight is [] .

Research allocations are typically modest and payback periods required tend to be short .
research allocations are typically modest and payback periods [] tend to be short .

There was little homogeneity over even relatively small areas such as the island of Great Britain where the developing agricultural practices required systems for allocating land between uses and/or users .
there was little homogeneity over even relatively small areas such as the island of great britain where the developing agricultural practices [] systems for allocating land between uses and/or users .

In other words , the small island communities modified their rules as conditions required , and such modifications became part of the collective cultural inheritance , to be called upon when new situations arose .
in other words , the small island communities modified their rules as conditions [] , and such modifications became part of the collective cultural inheritance , to be called upon when new situations arose .

Such changes are  required  with alterations in the power base within a society and its influence on the means of organizing societal reproduction .
such changes are  []  with alterations in the power base within a society and its influence on the means of organizing societal reproduction .

Some miners would have regular places in the gang assured , whereas others were employed on a casual basis only , being recruited at the colliery gates at the start of a shift if more labour was required to meet the contract ( Krieger , 1983 , p. 92 ) .
some miners would have regular places in the gang assured , whereas others were employed on a casual basis only , being recruited at the colliery gates at the start of a shift if more labour was [] to meet the contract ( krieger , 1983 , p. 92 ) .

Most British coalfields were developed away from established population centres and required the provision of housing for miners recruited from elsewhere .
most british coalfields were developed away from established population centres and [] the provision of housing for miners recruited from elsewhere .

The fiscal argument is that welfare state benefits for the poor cost relatively less in the more affluent States , because they are drawing on a larger tax base ; the higher the average income in a State , the smaller the effort required to finance a programme at a given level of payments ( because presumably there will be both fewer recipients plus more rich people to tax than in States with low average incomes ) .
the fiscal argument is that welfare state benefits for the poor cost relatively less in the more affluent states , because they are drawing on a larger tax base ; the higher the average income in a state , the smaller the effort [] to finance a programme at a given level of payments ( because presumably there will be both fewer recipients plus more rich people to tax than in states with low average incomes ) .

 There is only limited opportunity , in effect , to break the patterned nature of their work if field men are to do the other things required of them .
 there is only limited opportunity , in effect , to break the patterned nature of their work if field men are to do the other things [] of them .

We can now formulate a provisional test to determine whether a deviance is grammatical or semantic ( 'provisional ' , because , as we shall see , things are not so simple ) : if the minimal change required to  cure  an anomaly in a sentence involves one or more closed set items , then the deviance is grammatical ; if , however , the sentence can most easily be normalised by replacing one or more open set elements , then the deviance is semantic .
we can now formulate a provisional test to determine whether a deviance is grammatical or semantic ( 'provisional ' , because , as we shall see , things are not so simple ) : if the minimal change [] to  cure  an anomaly in a sentence involves one or more closed set items , then the deviance is grammatical ; if , however , the sentence can most easily be normalised by replacing one or more open set elements , then the deviance is semantic .

However , matters can be arranged so that the judgements required of human observers are only those which they can make reliably and accurately .
however , matters can be arranged so that the judgements [] of human observers are only those which they can make reliably and accurately .

Strictly speaking , only two sentential contexts are required to prove semantic constituency , but of course a constituent limited to only two specific contexts would necessarily play only a minor role in a language .
strictly speaking , only two sentential contexts are [] to prove semantic constituency , but of course a constituent limited to only two specific contexts would necessarily play only a minor role in a language .

They all suffer from a major weakness , which is that for every instance in which a word form possesses different synonyms , opposites , morphological derivatives , or whatever , in different contexts , there are several possible explanations , only one of which involves ambiguity of the word form ; hence , further evidence of a different sort is required to determine which explanation is correct in any given instance .
they all suffer from a major weakness , which is that for every instance in which a word form possesses different synonyms , opposites , morphological derivatives , or whatever , in different contexts , there are several possible explanations , only one of which involves ambiguity of the word form ; hence , further evidence of a different sort is [] to determine which explanation is correct in any given instance .

It is clear that nothing can be reliably inferred from the mere fact that a word form has different meaning relations in different contexts , and independent evidence concerning ambiguity or generality is required .
it is clear that nothing can be reliably inferred from the mere fact that a word form has different meaning relations in different contexts , and independent evidence concerning ambiguity or generality is [] .

There remain the unestablished units , generally indeterminate in number , and varying in the degree of contextual pressure required to activate them .
there remain the unestablished units , generally indeterminate in number , and varying in the degree of contextual pressure [] to activate them .

It not infrequently happens that an exactly appropriate lexical partner that would complete a paradigmatic relationship is missing , but a lexical item exists , with virtually the required meaning , but of the wrong syntactic category .
it not infrequently happens that an exactly appropriate lexical partner that would complete a paradigmatic relationship is missing , but a lexical item exists , with virtually the [] meaning , but of the wrong syntactic category .

The required semantic relations typically resemble the sort of relations that semanticists usually deal with , but are often less stringently defined .
the [] semantic relations typically resemble the sort of relations that semanticists usually deal with , but are often less stringently defined .

But a head is not required to carry traits not presupposed by its dependants , so when the head of a construction exactly duplicates the presupposed traits of a dependent selector ( i.e .
but a head is not [] to carry traits not presupposed by its dependants , so when the head of a construction exactly duplicates the presupposed traits of a dependent selector ( i.e .

The lodging of a compensation form , a simple enough matter , here required a respect for ritual .
the lodging of a compensation form , a simple enough matter , here [] a respect for ritual .

There had to be more to it than simply filling in a few spaces with a ballpoint ; greater symbolic weight was required .
there had to be more to it than simply filling in a few spaces with a ballpoint ; greater symbolic weight was [] .

 For a nation of monetarists , however , more than this was required .
 for a nation of monetarists , however , more than this was [] .

King rightly points out that a scheme which is intended to weed out poor teachers is not necessarily the best to engender the trust and confidence required to develop the work of teachers .
king rightly points out that a scheme which is intended to weed out poor teachers is not necessarily the best to engender the trust and confidence [] to develop the work of teachers .

This stance is premised on the view that effective change depends on the genuine commitment of those required to implement it , and that commitment can only be achieved if those involved feel that they have control of the process .
this stance is premised on the view that effective change depends on the genuine commitment of those [] to implement it , and that commitment can only be achieved if those involved feel that they have control of the process .

In particular we shall discuss the nature of the evaluative activity being required , the type of analysis expected , the value issues involved in a review , the process of review suggested , and who is expected to carry it out .
in particular we shall discuss the nature of the evaluative activity being [] , the type of analysis expected , the value issues involved in a review , the process of review suggested , and who is expected to carry it out .

Such information is required , for instance , to compare the success rates of two schools , one of which only enters those who are likely to pass , and another which allows anyone to enter .
such information is [] , for instance , to compare the success rates of two schools , one of which only enters those who are likely to pass , and another which allows anyone to enter .

The larger school required a more formal review procedure and a number of activities were initiated .
the larger school [] a more formal review procedure and a number of activities were initiated .

At the time when this scheme was introduced it was recognised that schools would be required to have some such arrangement in the future .
at the time when this scheme was introduced it was recognised that schools would be [] to have some such arrangement in the future .

At weekly evening meetings staff discussed their observations of their own classes and took decisions regarding what seemed to be required in terms of teaching strategy , expectations , or reinforcement .
at weekly evening meetings staff discussed their observations of their own classes and took decisions regarding what seemed to be [] in terms of teaching strategy , expectations , or reinforcement .

The new or greatly expanded extractive industries needed pit props ; iron smelting , at least until Abraham Darby discovered the use of coke in 1709 , required charcoal ; and other industries such as glass-making , tanning and salt-making all required timber for various reasons .
the new or greatly expanded extractive industries needed pit props ; iron smelting , at least until abraham darby discovered the use of coke in 1709 , [] charcoal ; and other industries such as glass-making , tanning and salt-making all [] timber for various reasons .

Indeed , the first effect of enclosure was to reduce the number of trees in thinly wooded country , for the new fences  hundreds of miles of them  required vast quantities of oak , elm , and ash saplings for posts and rails .
indeed , the first effect of enclosure was to reduce the number of trees in thinly wooded country , for the new fences  hundreds of miles of them  [] vast quantities of oak , elm , and ash saplings for posts and rails .

He also kept two or three cows for the sustenance of the family , and so required two , three or four pieces of enclosed land around his house .
he also kept two or three cows for the sustenance of the family , and so [] two , three or four pieces of enclosed land around his house .

When we study the planned towns of England , we arrive at the first , and obvious , conclusion that to make a planned town required the absolute ownership of the site by one man or corporation .
when we study the planned towns of england , we arrive at the first , and obvious , conclusion that to make a planned town [] the absolute ownership of the site by one man or corporation .

But to say that the planned town required a single ownership of the site does not go to the root of the matter .
but to say that the planned town [] a single ownership of the site does not go to the root of the matter .

Secondly , the planning of a new town-laying out the lines of streets , lanes , markets , churches and house-plots over a considerable area  required , after all , the investment of a large amount of capital , and a greater degree of economic optimism than most landowners could contemplate .
secondly , the planning of a new town-laying out the lines of streets , lanes , markets , churches and house-plots over a considerable area  [] , after all , the investment of a large amount of capital , and a greater degree of economic optimism than most landowners could contemplate .

Even if the catechisms of  correct thought  are updated and find new roots , and old upbeat endings are set to more popular and contemporary tunes , they will not be able to generate the more intricate models or maps which are required to confront successfully the types of racism which are evidenced by our two transcripts .
even if the catechisms of  correct thought  are updated and find new roots , and old upbeat endings are set to more popular and contemporary tunes , they will not be able to generate the more intricate models or maps which are [] to confront successfully the types of racism which are evidenced by our two transcripts .

The central paradox of this kind of  trading places  is that through the very symmetry of its inversions it postulates imaginary correspondences between black and white positions even as it seeks to naturalize difference and domination . Is this because the construction of racialized identities depends on the existence of the Other , while at the same time it is this  alien presence  which is seen to be such a threat to identity that its total annihilation is required ? Are racial double standards ( viz. , good/bad natives ) and double binds ( damned if you are different and damned if you are like the master race ) a function of this contradictory or dual relation to the Other ? Or do we have to look to more concrete and historically specific forms of mediation to explain the racialization of envy and desire ?
the central paradox of this kind of  trading places  is that through the very symmetry of its inversions it postulates imaginary correspondences between black and white positions even as it seeks to naturalize difference and domination . is this because the construction of racialized identities depends on the existence of the other , while at the same time it is this  alien presence  which is seen to be such a threat to identity that its total annihilation is [] ? are racial double standards ( viz. , good/bad natives ) and double binds ( damned if you are different and damned if you are like the master race ) a function of this contradictory or dual relation to the other ? or do we have to look to more concrete and historically specific forms of mediation to explain the racialization of envy and desire ?

Some malicious twist in the labyrinth of Sudanese bureaucracy required us to obtain our Sudanese visas , not at the embassy in London , ill the tranquillity of St James 's , but in Cairo .
some malicious twist in the labyrinth of sudanese bureaucracy [] us to obtain our sudanese visas , not at the embassy in london , ill the tranquillity of st james 's , but in cairo .

Martial law had recently been declared in Sudan which meant that all Sudanese nationals abroad required a visa to return home .
martial law had recently been declared in sudan which meant that all sudanese nationals abroad [] a visa to return home .

The monks ' cells , just visible through the windows of the women 's dormitories , lay 500 yards away , far enough for them to have required a telescope and searchlights if disturbance had been on their minds .
the monks ' cells , just visible through the windows of the women 's dormitories , lay 500 yards away , far enough for them to have [] a telescope and searchlights if disturbance had been on their minds .

The royal tombs in the Valley of the Kings concern themselves exclusively with the rituals required for a successful passage through the Underworld .
the royal tombs in the valley of the kings concern themselves exclusively with the rituals [] for a successful passage through the underworld .

But it is not the fear of this judgement which so pervades the tombs ; careful preparation and knowledge of the proper formulae were all that were required .
but it is not the fear of this judgement which so pervades the tombs ; careful preparation and knowledge of the proper formulae were all that were [] .

Heaven only knows what kind of pull is required to secure a seat in the cab , probably direct descent from the Mahdi at the very least .
heaven only knows what kind of pull is [] to secure a seat in the cab , probably direct descent from the mahdi at the very least .

Until 31 October 1980 , the House of Commons took the view that any reference to Hansard in court proceedings would constitute a breach of its privileges and required a petition for leave to use Hansard to be presented in each case .
until 31 october 1980 , the house of commons took the view that any reference to hansard in court proceedings would constitute a breach of its privileges and [] a petition for leave to use hansard to be presented in each case .

 That this House , while re-affirming the status of proceedings in Parliament confirmed by article 9 of the Bill of Rights , gives leave for reference to be made in future court proceedings to the Official Report of Debates and to the published Reports and evidence of Committees in any case in which , under the practice of the House , it is required that a petition for leave should be presented and that the practice of presenting petitions for leave to refer to Parliamentary papers be discontinued .
 that this house , while re-affirming the status of proceedings in parliament confirmed by article 9 of the bill of rights , gives leave for reference to be made in future court proceedings to the official report of debates and to the published reports and evidence of committees in any case in which , under the practice of the house , it is [] that a petition for leave should be presented and that the practice of presenting petitions for leave to refer to parliamentary papers be discontinued .

Attention turned to other causes of disaster and among these identified the quality of masters and officers who were required to pass no test of competency except , ironically , when they were carrying slaves .
attention turned to other causes of disaster and among these identified the quality of masters and officers who were [] to pass no test of competency except , ironically , when they were carrying slaves .

Though the making of contracts with crews had been required of shipowners and masters for more than a century , these had , it seems , been corrupted by the inclusion of conditions which even the courts regarded as outrageous .
though the making of contracts with crews had been [] of shipowners and masters for more than a century , these had , it seems , been corrupted by the inclusion of conditions which even the courts regarded as outrageous .

The Act therefore laid down a `` statement of particulars `` to be included in any contract  the nature and length of the voyage , the time to be on board , the capacity in which the seaman was to serve , the amount of wages and scale of provisions to be provided and any disciplinary rules or penalties to be applied while on board  thus anticipating by 122 years the detailing of terms universally required by the Contracts of Employment Act 1972 .
the act therefore laid down a `` statement of particulars `` to be included in any contract  the nature and length of the voyage , the time to be on board , the capacity in which the seaman was to serve , the amount of wages and scale of provisions to be provided and any disciplinary rules or penalties to be applied while on board  thus anticipating by 122 years the detailing of terms universally [] by the contracts of employment act 1972 .

The duty of these men was to run messages , superintend the gathering up of crews , and , after signing-on , escort the men to their ships , muster them on board , and provide any substitutes if required `` .
the duty of these men was to run messages , superintend the gathering up of crews , and , after signing-on , escort the men to their ships , muster them on board , and provide any substitutes if [] `` .

Not content with a single ship to house strikebreakers , the Federation had three permanently available , a hulk , the Lady Jocelyn , and two passenger steamers , the Paris and the Ella , with a tug , the Talisman , together with motor launches , ready to transport `` free crews `` wherever they might be required .
not content with a single ship to house strikebreakers , the federation had three permanently available , a hulk , the lady jocelyn , and two passenger steamers , the paris and the ella , with a tug , the talisman , together with motor launches , ready to transport `` free crews `` wherever they might be [] .

No trick , as he gleefully recounted himself was too low or devious to ensure the required result , though he might boast of being the `` King of the Bristol Channel `` .
no trick , as he gleefully recounted himself was too low or devious to ensure the [] result , though he might boast of being the `` king of the bristol channel `` .

Owners , although required to pay 50 percent of surplus profits towards the cost of the war , retained nevertheless a 575 per cent increase on 1913 profits on average . ``
owners , although [] to pay 50 percent of surplus profits towards the cost of the war , retained nevertheless a 575 per cent increase on 1913 profits on average . ``

According to that theory , temporary working is likely to be more prevalent in occupations where skills are general rather than specific and in occupations where little or no training is required .
according to that theory , temporary working is likely to be more prevalent in occupations where skills are general rather than specific and in occupations where little or no training is [] .

Additional labour is brought in as and when required , and is brought in almost exclusively on a casual basis .
additional labour is brought in as and when [] , and is brought in almost exclusively on a casual basis .

The terms and conditions of their engagement ( and many organisations are careful not to use the word `` employment `` ) are set out in special handbooks , or in the contracts which casual workers are required to sign , and these seek to make the parties ' lack of mutual obligation clear .
the terms and conditions of their engagement ( and many organisations are careful not to use the word `` employment `` ) are set out in special handbooks , or in the contracts which casual workers are [] to sign , and these seek to make the parties ' lack of mutual obligation clear .

It depends upon the weather and the number of visitors at the resorts , and greater flexibility is required than can be provided by simple fixed-term contracts .
it depends upon the weather and the number of visitors at the resorts , and greater flexibility is [] than can be provided by simple fixed-term contracts .

Some required a brief period  at most several days  of off-the.job training .
some [] a brief period  at most several days  of off-the.job training .

One organization had responded to such a situation by issuing fixed-term contracts for a period equivalent to its minimum planned needs and then retaining the workers concerned on one week 's notice , with no obligation to negotiate their dismissal with the trade unions if their services were still required thereafter .
one organization had responded to such a situation by issuing fixed-term contracts for a period equivalent to its minimum planned needs and then retaining the workers concerned on one week 's notice , with no obligation to negotiate their dismissal with the trade unions if their services were still [] thereafter .

Two organisations which we visited further emphasised the `` non-regularity `` of their temporary workers ' employment by not guaranteeing them any fixed number of hours per week  they were contracted to work `` as and when required ``  and this , of course , provided them with an important , additional source of flexibility .
two organisations which we visited further emphasised the `` non-regularity `` of their temporary workers ' employment by not guaranteeing them any fixed number of hours per week  they were contracted to work `` as and when [] ``  and this , of course , provided them with an important , additional source of flexibility .

This consists of workers who can be brought in and discharged as and when required or , more usually , without the need to enter into negotiations with trade unions , without being given more than the statutory minimum notice of dismissal , or without being paid more than the statutory minimum redundancy compensation [ see Chapter 7 ] .
this consists of workers who can be brought in and discharged as and when [] or , more usually , without the need to enter into negotiations with trade unions , without being given more than the statutory minimum notice of dismissal , or without being paid more than the statutory minimum redundancy compensation [ see chapter 7 ] .

The appointment was subject to the university statutes , which , inter alia , required the applicant to retire from office at the age of 67 .
the appointment was subject to the university statutes , which , inter alia , [] the applicant to retire from office at the age of 67 .

In the case of bodies other than courts , in so far as they are required to apply the law they are required to apply the law correctly .
in the case of bodies other than courts , in so far as they are [] to apply the law they are [] to apply the law correctly .

Thus , the court has by mandamus required a visitor to exercise his jurisdiction : see Rex v. Bishop of Ely ( 1794 ) 5 Durn .
thus , the court has by mandamus [] a visitor to exercise his jurisdiction : see rex v. bishop of ely ( 1794 ) 5 durn .

If a number of similar tools are required then the blacksmith must draw out , if only roughly , the form of the components in order that materials can be purchased and costed .
if a number of similar tools are [] then the blacksmith must draw out , if only roughly , the form of the components in order that materials can be purchased and costed .

The analysis phase may simply be checking whether such a proposal could be expected to provide the function required .
the analysis phase may simply be checking whether such a proposal could be expected to provide the function [] .

Whilst the desired output and constraints can be specified in both the secondary and tertiary activities , it is extremely difficult at times to specify the form of the output required in the primary stage and even more difficult to attempt to quantify it .
whilst the desired output and constraints can be specified in both the secondary and tertiary activities , it is extremely difficult at times to specify the form of the output [] in the primary stage and even more difficult to attempt to quantify it .

Materials and techniques are chosen to give the required function and a recognizable market style .
materials and techniques are chosen to give the [] function and a recognizable market style .

Objects are thus directed towards certain machines dependent on both their shape and required machining operations .
objects are thus directed towards certain machines dependent on both their shape and [] machining operations .

Initially it may not be obvious that a component , such as the gearbox cover , is required .
initially it may not be obvious that a component , such as the gearbox cover , is [] .

The required functional calculation program would thus be called by the declaration of a geometric sub-domain in the model containing the necessary geometric parameters .
the [] functional calculation program would thus be called by the declaration of a geometric sub-domain in the model containing the necessary geometric parameters .

It is knowledge of these required functions that allows the designer to turn that space into a performing component .
it is knowledge of these [] functions that allows the designer to turn that space into a performing component .

So whilst the intersections of logical spaces at an elemental level will allow the elemental functions to be maintained , these must be reflected back to the next higher level in the system to establish whether the required function of that assembly space has been achieved or corrupted .
so whilst the intersections of logical spaces at an elemental level will allow the elemental functions to be maintained , these must be reflected back to the next higher level in the system to establish whether the [] function of that assembly space has been achieved or corrupted .

The elemental functions of intersection are thus reflected up as internal functions of space at the next level , with the result that the required characteristics of the system are specified in more and more detail as the assembly is decomposed into its constituent elements ( see Figure 3.5 ) .
the elemental functions of intersection are thus reflected up as internal functions of space at the next level , with the result that the [] characteristics of the system are specified in more and more detail as the assembly is decomposed into its constituent elements ( see figure 3.5 ) .

That is to say , that differing modelling techniques may be required at differing stages of the design .
that is to say , that differing modelling techniques may be [] at differing stages of the design .

An extreme case of this approach is one in which solid models are required to interpret the local geometry when searching for a clash between two objects .
an extreme case of this approach is one in which solid models are [] to interpret the local geometry when searching for a clash between two objects .

Should more detail be required then it could be requested by asking for minimum separation or the display of the region local to that minimum .
should more detail be [] then it could be requested by asking for minimum separation or the display of the region local to that minimum .

These terminal nodes can thus be configured to perform the specific set of activities they are required to carry out , allowing the arrangement of geometry-generating workstations to handle and manipulate increasingly large graphical models .
these terminal nodes can thus be configured to perform the specific set of activities they are [] to carry out , allowing the arrangement of geometry-generating workstations to handle and manipulate increasingly large graphical models .

In order that a workstation on the network ( see Figure 4.3 ) can be used for a required purpose , that purpose must be found to be in agreement with the overall management plan .
in order that a workstation on the network ( see figure 4.3 ) can be used for a [] purpose , that purpose must be found to be in agreement with the overall management plan .

If these then need to be accessed via tree searches ( a structure not particularly suited to virtual paging mechanisms ) , more paging will result , necessitating many disc accesses , possibly not many less than would be required in a pure disc-based file system .
if these then need to be accessed via tree searches ( a structure not particularly suited to virtual paging mechanisms ) , more paging will result , necessitating many disc accesses , possibly not many less than would be [] in a pure disc-based file system .

To allow further uses to be made of this configuration another data base structure is required .
to allow further uses to be made of this configuration another data base structure is [] .

Specific data needs to be recorded about piece parts , allowing both the graphical representation and technical data to be clearly defined ready for efficient recall when required .
specific data needs to be recorded about piece parts , allowing both the graphical representation and technical data to be clearly defined ready for efficient recall when [] .

The main aim has been to design a spatial arrangement which will provide the required performance or function .
the main aim has been to design a spatial arrangement which will provide the [] performance or function .

Here the stated need is transcribed to establish what additional data is required , in order that the problem can be solved .
here the stated need is transcribed to establish what additional data is [] , in order that the problem can be solved .

If the relationship between the detected parts is all that is required , the size coordinate excursions describing the enclosing brick need only be transferred .
if the relationship between the detected parts is all that is [] , the size coordinate excursions describing the enclosing brick need only be transferred .

If the user decides on a more detailed check the host hierarchical file structure is searched to give the required detail , be it primary , secondary or specific sectional silhouettes .
if the user decides on a more detailed check the host hierarchical file structure is searched to give the [] detail , be it primary , secondary or specific sectional silhouettes .

In the case of an original structural design , a company will be required to conform to a set specification .
in the case of an original structural design , a company will be [] to conform to a set specification .

If more detail is required the data base can be interrogated at a lower level .
if more detail is [] the data base can be interrogated at a lower level .

In such assemblies the individual piece-parts are related simply by the geometric relationships that occur by accident or are required by design .
in such assemblies the individual piece-parts are related simply by the geometric relationships that occur by accident or are [] by design .

By this process `` critical `` windows can be set in regions where precision is required and open tolerances set for others .
by this process `` critical `` windows can be set in regions where precision is [] and open tolerances set for others .

An input/output response is thus required .
an input/output response is thus [] .

Many industrial mechanisms will result in a geometric arrangement in which the required final positioning or output can be achieved by many different states of the mechanism .
many industrial mechanisms will result in a geometric arrangement in which the [] final positioning or output can be achieved by many different states of the mechanism .

When the arrangement of the mechanism is straightforward and the constraints imposed are only those of required or forbidden spatial position , the direct insertion approach is the easiest to apply .
when the arrangement of the mechanism is straightforward and the constraints imposed are only those of [] or forbidden spatial position , the direct insertion approach is the easiest to apply .

Reaching these peoples , of course , first required running the gauntlet of a bureaucracy which treats ethnographic film-makers with the same distrust as it does their subjects .
reaching these peoples , of course , first [] running the gauntlet of a bureaucracy which treats ethnographic film-makers with the same distrust as it does their subjects .

The job required the smallest possible team , for maximum mobility and minimum social impact , capable of staying for indefinite periods in unexplored territory amongst barely known peoples , while eating their food , speaking their language and sharing their lives as intimately as possible .
the job [] the smallest possible team , for maximum mobility and minimum social impact , capable of staying for indefinite periods in unexplored territory amongst barely known peoples , while eating their food , speaking their language and sharing their lives as intimately as possible .

This required juggling between us the hats of sleuths , writers , researchers , logisticians , cameramen , diplomats , doctors , navigators , tooth-pullers and leech-pluckers , to name but a few .
this [] juggling between us the hats of sleuths , writers , researchers , logisticians , cameramen , diplomats , doctors , navigators , tooth-pullers and leech-pluckers , to name but a few .

The differences between living in my Hollywood A-frame and in our Balinese house required an organism-crunching transition , which in many ways parallels the fundamental complementary opposites between East and West .
the differences between living in my hollywood a-frame and in our balinese house [] an organism-crunching transition , which in many ways parallels the fundamental complementary opposites between east and west .

Tradition required not only that she rot in constricted shade with the disintegrating corpse of her husband , but that she also eat a special diet for the entire period , which excluded any rice at all .
tradition [] not only that she rot in constricted shade with the disintegrating corpse of her husband , but that she also eat a special diet for the entire period , which excluded any rice at all .

The Toraja acquire them through inheritance , but they are still `` free souls `` , and often become richer than their masters  since they are not so rigorously required to re-distribute their wealth .
the toraja acquire them through inheritance , but they are still `` free souls `` , and often become richer than their masters  since they are not so rigorously [] to re-distribute their wealth .

Their only tools from the outside world were the `` parang `` , the broad-bladed machete of the East , and a hand-drill resembling an oversized corkscrew , with which they could make all the other tools they required to produce these spectacular Noah 's Arks .
their only tools from the outside world were the `` parang `` , the broad-bladed machete of the east , and a hand-drill resembling an oversized corkscrew , with which they could make all the other tools they [] to produce these spectacular noah 's arks .

It was at this point that Laba had effected the only feasible escape procedure for such circumstances , although it required a good deal of luck .
it was at this point that laba had effected the only feasible escape procedure for such circumstances , although it [] a good deal of luck .

The cliffs of Sampanena were still in sight , but the required auspicious departure had been made .
the cliffs of sampanena were still in sight , but the [] auspicious departure had been made .

Our rotten mainmast began whipping sickeningly to and fro and required five men constantly clinging to its lee mainstay to cushion the strain .
our rotten mainmast began whipping sickeningly to and fro and [] five men constantly clinging to its lee mainstay to cushion the strain .

The prahu 's very short timbers  designed to give flexibility  were now moving so violently against each other that the water pouring between them required the hand-pumps being manned round the clock .
the prahu 's very short timbers  designed to give flexibility  were now moving so violently against each other that the water pouring between them [] the hand-pumps being manned round the clock .

In an impersonal means of communication such as studying , every aid that you can find is required ; it is required at your elbow and not in some distant place .
in an impersonal means of communication such as studying , every aid that you can find is [] ; it is [] at your elbow and not in some distant place .

For those who attend merely because they are required to do so , rather than from a genuine interest , the seminar can be a waste of time .
for those who attend merely because they are [] to do so , rather than from a genuine interest , the seminar can be a waste of time .

You are required to know the syllabus from your studies , but the lecturer need not lecture `` at `` you on its every aspect .
you are [] to know the syllabus from your studies , but the lecturer need not lecture `` at `` you on its every aspect .

Students are expected to create their own notes : it is hard work and involves a craft skill as demanding as that required for oil paintings or pottery .
students are expected to create their own notes : it is hard work and involves a craft skill as demanding as that [] for oil paintings or pottery .

Your notes are not to be imperishable works of art , but merely businesslike tools to help you in your studies and in reaching the standard required by examiners .
your notes are not to be imperishable works of art , but merely businesslike tools to help you in your studies and in reaching the standard [] by examiners .

We have suggested that your notes are too valuable to be carried about , but that with one Lecfile you can take down all that is required from various lecture courses and from reading in the library .
we have suggested that your notes are too valuable to be carried about , but that with one lecfile you can take down all that is [] from various lecture courses and from reading in the library .

Often students are either nervous of venturing into the third field or ignorant that opinions and recommendations are required to complete the report .
often students are either nervous of venturing into the third field or ignorant that opinions and recommendations are [] to complete the report .

The prelims comprise the title page , the contents , any list of mathematical or other symbols required and the summary .
the prelims comprise the title page , the contents , any list of mathematical or other symbols [] and the summary .

The authors are required to isolate , identify and categorise the problems facing the writers of reports .
the authors are [] to isolate , identify and categorise the problems facing the writers of reports .

The findings should assist Mr and Ms Reader to become familiar with the craft and to be able to recognise and practise the techniques required in the preparation of a report .
the findings should assist mr and ms reader to become familiar with the craft and to be able to recognise and practise the techniques [] in the preparation of a report .

They may not all be required in every report you write , but you must be familiar with their functions .
they may not all be [] in every report you write , but you must be familiar with their functions .

It should describe who commissioned the report and , if necessary , why it was required .
it should describe who commissioned the report and , if necessary , why it was [] .

These would be kept in reserve by you until they were required in answer to cross-examination .
these would be kept in reserve by you until they were [] in answer to cross-examination .

Precious time in the middle of the writing period was required to find ink and fill the pen .
precious time in the middle of the writing period was [] to find ink and fill the pen .

It is essential , therefore , that you attempt the required number of questions , in order to play a winning game .
it is essential , therefore , that you attempt the [] number of questions , in order to play a winning game .

First , be sure that you know exactly what is required , In some questions the statement of the conditions is deliberately written in a complex confusion .
first , be sure that you know exactly what is [] , in some questions the statement of the conditions is deliberately written in a complex confusion .

The conclusion that you are required to reach may be announced at the beginning , at the end or in the middle .
the conclusion that you are [] to reach may be announced at the beginning , at the end or in the middle .

The second step is to write down exactly what you are required to answer .
the second step is to write down exactly what you are [] to answer .

The list of data and converted units and the list of required answers should be part of your exposition to the examiner .
the list of data and converted units and the list of [] answers should be part of your exposition to the examiner .

Simple arithmetic will show that if you wish the examiner to appreciate your answer you must present it to him so that the minimum time is required for reading , assessing and marking .
simple arithmetic will show that if you wish the examiner to appreciate your answer you must present it to him so that the minimum time is [] for reading , assessing and marking .

But at least you will have attempted the required number of questions .
but at least you will have attempted the [] number of questions .

The standard required for a pass is not high .
the standard [] for a pass is not high .

If you wish to draw an angle larger than 180 simply draw an angle equal to the angle required , subtracted from 360 . For example if you want 280 draw an angle equal to 360280 or 80
if you wish to draw an angle larger than 180 simply draw an angle equal to the angle [] , subtracted from 360 . for example if you want 280 draw an angle equal to 360280 or 80

How much liquid is required ?
how much liquid is [] ?

Again compare decimal and number place values : Thousands Hundreds Tens Units tenths hundredths thousandths Any metric length correctly placed in the table can be read off to a required unit of measurement .
again compare decimal and number place values : thousands hundreds tens units tenths hundredths thousandths any metric length correctly placed in the table can be read off to a [] unit of measurement .

Too much sympathy was required .
too much sympathy was [] .

Then the bears required sympathy , their warm , ordered breakfast disrupted , their chairs and beds appropriated and messed , broken , used by the intruding child .
then the bears [] sympathy , their warm , ordered breakfast disrupted , their chairs and beds appropriated and messed , broken , used by the intruding child .

And then the child , whom he always saw as very peaked and pale , with staring rays of pale gold hair , a spiky , sly little girl , required sympathy in her way , having smashed a chair , dirtied spoons , unmade beds .
and then the child , whom he always saw as very peaked and pale , with staring rays of pale gold hair , a spiky , sly little girl , [] sympathy in her way , having smashed a chair , dirtied spoons , unmade beds .

Madame Grimaud , short and trim with a well-managed waist , solid hips and strictly upswept smooth black hair , stood on the doorstep with two cross-looking and awkward teenage daughters , to whom Frederica was to be required to converse .
madame grimaud , short and trim with a well-managed waist , solid hips and strictly upswept smooth black hair , stood on the doorstep with two cross-looking and awkward teenage daughters , to whom frederica was to be [] to converse .

It appears that the application of Gauss 's law leads much more quickly to the required result .
it appears that the application of gauss 's law leads much more quickly to the [] result .

Mr. Hacking , for the defendant , also drew attention to sections 24 ( 4 ) and 28 ( 6 ) of the Theft Act , which can be required only on the basis that section 15 , in at least some respects , is not dealing with theft .
mr. hacking , for the defendant , also drew attention to sections 24 ( 4 ) and 28 ( 6 ) of the theft act , which can be [] only on the basis that section 15 , in at least some respects , is not dealing with theft .

And the observation , without further discussion , that the omission of the words  without the consent of the owner  is deliberate seems to have led directly to the erroneous conclusion that a supposed appropriation with the consent of the owner is one of the four ingredients which are required ( and which suffice ) to constitute theft .
and the observation , without further discussion , that the omission of the words  without the consent of the owner  is deliberate seems to have led directly to the erroneous conclusion that a supposed appropriation with the consent of the owner is one of the four ingredients which are [] ( and which suffice ) to constitute theft .

 The Larceny Act 1916 required that the taking and carrying away should be  without the consent of the owner .
 the larceny act 1916 [] that the taking and carrying away should be  without the consent of the owner .

Similarly , fraudulent conversion , contrary to section 20 ( 1 ) ( iv ) of the [ Act of 1916 ] , required an act inconsistent with the terms on which the property was received .
similarly , fraudulent conversion , contrary to section 20 ( 1 ) ( iv ) of the [ act of 1916 ] , [] an act inconsistent with the terms on which the property was received .

 One of the questions of law of general public importance which the House was required to answer was :  Whether section 1 ( 1 ) of the Theft Act 1968 is to be construed as though it contained the words  without having the consent of the owner  or words to that effect .
 one of the questions of law of general public importance which the house was [] to answer was :  whether section 1 ( 1 ) of the theft act 1968 is to be construed as though it contained the words  without having the consent of the owner  or words to that effect .

Despite all these considerations , Tito 's intransigence left Alexander with no option  as Harold Macmillan , present at the conference , later put it in his diary  but to give " instruction to the planners for a full appreciation of the forces required to throw out the Yugoslavs " , while referring the matter to " his two Governments " .
despite all these considerations , tito 's intransigence left alexander with no option  as harold macmillan , present at the conference , later put it in his diary  but to give " instruction to the planners for a full appreciation of the forces [] to throw out the yugoslavs " , while referring the matter to " his two governments " .

( i ) He gave Gen McCreery the authorization he required to negotiate with Tolbukhin for the hand-over of the Cossacks ( although he referred to these , somewhat imprecisely , as `` all Russians `` ) .
( i ) he gave gen mccreery the authorization he [] to negotiate with tolbukhin for the hand-over of the cossacks ( although he referred to these , somewhat imprecisely , as `` all russians `` ) .

All these points might suggest that , when Gen Robertson sent his signal to Eighth Army on 14 May , at least part of his intention was to give the authorization required for the handing back to Tito of the 200,000 Croats .
all these points might suggest that , when gen robertson sent his signal to eighth army on 14 may , at least part of his intention was to give the authorization [] for the handing back to tito of the 200,000 croats .

This is not required in the accounts of wholly owned subsidiary undertakings of companies incorporated in Great Britain .
this is not [] in the accounts of wholly owned subsidiary undertakings of companies incorporated in great britain .

The auditors should give the details required by 6 Sch in their report if disclosure is not made elsewhere in the accounts .
the auditors should give the details [] by 6 sch in their report if disclosure is not made elsewhere in the accounts .

which of the conditions specified in s 258(2) or ( 4 ) ( definition of a subsidiary undertaking ) has been satisfied . This is not required if the relevant condition is that the parent undertaking holds a majority of the voting rights and holds the same proportion of shares as it holds voting rights
which of the conditions specified in s 258(2) or ( 4 ) ( definition of a subsidiary undertaking ) has been satisfied . this is not [] if the relevant condition is that the parent undertaking holds a majority of the voting rights and holds the same proportion of shares as it holds voting rights

An audit report is required for every set of accounts prepared for every reference period ( except dormant companies  s 250 ) .
an audit report is [] for every set of accounts prepared for every reference period ( except dormant companies  s 250 ) .

If the information required on emoluments and other benefits of directors is not given , the auditors must disclose it in their report .
if the information [] on emoluments and other benefits of directors is not given , the auditors must disclose it in their report .

The statement should show the profit or loss for the period , together with the adjustments required for items which did not involve the movement of funds . The following other sources and applications of funds should , where material , be shown :
the statement should show the profit or loss for the period , together with the adjustments [] for items which did not involve the movement of funds . the following other sources and applications of funds should , where material , be shown :

The auditors should give the details required by Sch 6 in their report if disclosure is not made elsewhere in the accounts .
the auditors should give the details [] by sch 6 in their report if disclosure is not made elsewhere in the accounts .

An audit report is required for every set of accounts prepared for every reference period ( except dormant companies  s.253 ) .
an audit report is [] for every set of accounts prepared for every reference period ( except dormant companies  s.253 ) .

If the information required on emoluments and other benefits of directors is not given , the auditors must disclose it in their reports .
if the information [] on emoluments and other benefits of directors is not given , the auditors must disclose it in their reports .

An abbreviated balance sheet may be restricted to the headings denoted by letters or Roman numerals on the required formats .
an abbreviated balance sheet may be restricted to the headings denoted by letters or roman numerals on the [] formats .

No profit and loss account or directors ' report is required to be filed with the Registrar for a small company .
no profit and loss account or directors ' report is [] to be filed with the registrar for a small company .

The rise in the popularity of herbs as medicinal remedies is less obvious but it seems to have come partly from a general dissatisfaction with synthesized drugs , as well as plastics , artificials and chemicals  " manufactured " articles of all kinds , which are being rejected in favour of substances naturally grown and formed by hand into the artifact required .
the rise in the popularity of herbs as medicinal remedies is less obvious but it seems to have come partly from a general dissatisfaction with synthesized drugs , as well as plastics , artificials and chemicals  " manufactured " articles of all kinds , which are being rejected in favour of substances naturally grown and formed by hand into the artifact [] .

For many centuries it remained in the hands mainly of the monastic houses , where there was always a physic garden containing the herbs required by the prevailing medical incumbent .
for many centuries it remained in the hands mainly of the monastic houses , where there was always a physic garden containing the herbs [] by the prevailing medical incumbent .

Standard quantities of plant and water are used in whichever method is adopted , for times of up to six hours , to take in the various stages required .
standard quantities of plant and water are used in whichever method is adopted , for times of up to six hours , to take in the various stages [] .

Considerable skill in getting plants established was also required  it is only too easy for gaps to appear , or for an odd man out in flower colour to pop up , as anyone who has ever tried to grow a complete row of vegetables or lay out a bedding plan , will know .
considerable skill in getting plants established was also []  it is only too easy for gaps to appear , or for an odd man out in flower colour to pop up , as anyone who has ever tried to grow a complete row of vegetables or lay out a bedding plan , will know .

In any case most of the time required will be taken up at the beginning , in the planning and drawing out of the plan on paper , in choosing the plants , and in soil preparation and planting .
in any case most of the time [] will be taken up at the beginning , in the planning and drawing out of the plan on paper , in choosing the plants , and in soil preparation and planting .

8 Mark in the beds and borders on it to the dimensions required , in the required positions .
8 mark in the beds and borders on it to the dimensions [] , in the [] positions .

10 Decide on the numbers of plants and the seeds required , and order accordingly , unless you are planning to plant up from various sources .
10 decide on the numbers of plants and the seeds [] , and order accordingly , unless you are planning to plant up from various sources .

Soilless composts can also be put together at home , as in general they consist of 75 per cent granulated peat and 25 per cent fine sand ; the amount of plant food and chalk in the proprietary kinds varies from brand to brand , and you can add your own as required , though a good general mixture can be obtained by adding about 28 g ( 1 oz ) general fertilizer and 28 g ( 1 oz ) chalk to 1 bushel  gallons ( 36 litres ) ( by bulk ) of compost , mixing all the ingredients thoroughly .
soilless composts can also be put together at home , as in general they consist of 75 per cent granulated peat and 25 per cent fine sand ; the amount of plant food and chalk in the proprietary kinds varies from brand to brand , and you can add your own as [] , though a good general mixture can be obtained by adding about 28 g ( 1 oz ) general fertilizer and 28 g ( 1 oz ) chalk to 1 bushel  gallons ( 36 litres ) ( by bulk ) of compost , mixing all the ingredients thoroughly .

seeds for flavouring a variety of dishes where spicy flavour is required , used whole or as a freshly-made powder , fresh leaves used in the same way , especially with Indian recipes , with salads , marinades , rice , and with bread
seeds for flavouring a variety of dishes where spicy flavour is [] , used whole or as a freshly-made powder , fresh leaves used in the same way , especially with indian recipes , with salads , marinades , rice , and with bread

Plant in late spring , and clip in mid-spring if required to be grown formally as edging , or to keep it within the space available .
plant in late spring , and clip in mid-spring if [] to be grown formally as edging , or to keep it within the space available .

fresh or dried leaves , with beans of all kinds , in stuffings , with any kind of pork meat , with game , in bean or lentil soups , wherever a warm-hot flavour is required
fresh or dried leaves , with beans of all kinds , in stuffings , with any kind of pork meat , with game , in bean or lentil soups , wherever a warm-hot flavour is []

For example , subjects are often required to decide whether two stimuli are the same or different and then to respond on one key for `` same `` matches and on a second key for `` different `` matches ; or else to respond to instances of one kind of match and withhold responding to instances of the other kind ( a go/no.go discrimination ) .
for example , subjects are often [] to decide whether two stimuli are the same or different and then to respond on one key for `` same `` matches and on a second key for `` different `` matches ; or else to respond to instances of one kind of match and withhold responding to instances of the other kind ( a go/no.go discrimination ) .

Yet if the subjects were required to repeat the alphabet to themselves during the task this introduced a bias in gap detection favouring the right visual field .
yet if the subjects were [] to repeat the alphabet to themselves during the task this introduced a bias in gap detection favouring the right visual field .

Secondly , a difference in the ability of the two halves of the brain to utilise advance information in selecting the required stimulus feature for further processing should result in an asymmetrical effect of pre-cueing in the partial report condition as compared with the full report condition .
secondly , a difference in the ability of the two halves of the brain to utilise advance information in selecting the [] stimulus feature for further processing should result in an asymmetrical effect of pre-cueing in the partial report condition as compared with the full report condition .

These authors presented pairs of faces to one or other visual field and required their subjects to match the faces either to each other or to previously presented faces .
these authors presented pairs of faces to one or other visual field and [] their subjects to match the faces either to each other or to previously presented faces .

The possibility that a dichotic right ear superiority is due to subjects being required to give a verbal response prompted Springer ( 1971 , 1973 ) to present consonant-vowel syllables either dichotically or opposed by white noise ( a mixture of all possible sound frequencies ) and to use manual reaction time to a target syllable as her response measure .
the possibility that a dichotic right ear superiority is due to subjects being [] to give a verbal response prompted springer ( 1971 , 1973 ) to present consonant-vowel syllables either dichotically or opposed by white noise ( a mixture of all possible sound frequencies ) and to use manual reaction time to a target syllable as her response measure .

In general , it appears that the more complex the level of stimulus processing required , the more likely it is that a difference between the ears will be revealed with monaural presentation .
in general , it appears that the more complex the level of stimulus processing [] , the more likely it is that a difference between the ears will be revealed with monaural presentation .

Liberman , Cooper , Shankweiler and Studdert-Kennedy ( 1967 ) argued that the perception of speech involves analysis of an acoustic message into the articulatory movements which would be required to reproduce that message , the so-called motor theory of speech perception .
liberman , cooper , shankweiler and studdert-kennedy ( 1967 ) argued that the perception of speech involves analysis of an acoustic message into the articulatory movements which would be [] to reproduce that message , the so-called motor theory of speech perception .

On the other hand Marshall ( 1973 ) considers the crucial point to be that  the phonological correlations in terms of which speech is perceived and the temporal segments of the acoustic wave which examplify phonological sequences is not one to one and thus some decoding mechanism , unique to the left hemisphere , is required to derive the one from the other .
on the other hand marshall ( 1973 ) considers the crucial point to be that  the phonological correlations in terms of which speech is perceived and the temporal segments of the acoustic wave which examplify phonological sequences is not one to one and thus some decoding mechanism , unique to the left hemisphere , is [] to derive the one from the other .

Subjects hear words in left and right ears and are required to make a manual response on detecting a specified target word in either ear .
subjects hear words in left and right ears and are [] to make a manual response on detecting a specified target word in either ear .

In order to record the brain 's activity at the scalp at least two electrodes are required .
in order to record the brain 's activity at the scalp at least two electrodes are [] .

Cremer and Ashton ( 1981 ) required subjects to alternately tap with a rod two small metal targets .
cremer and ashton ( 1981 ) [] subjects to alternately tap with a rod two small metal targets .

However , differential waveforms over the two hemispheres were recorded by Wood , Goff and Day ( 1971 ) only when their syllables required a linguistic analysis .
however , differential waveforms over the two hemispheres were recorded by wood , goff and day ( 1971 ) only when their syllables [] a linguistic analysis .

What is required , therefore , is a study aimed specifically at determining the inheritance or otherwise of speech lateralisation .
what is [] , therefore , is a study aimed specifically at determining the inheritance or otherwise of speech lateralisation .

Todor ( 1980 ) predicted that this would hold true for other tasks mediated by the language hemisphere and he therefore required his subjects to carry out a sequential motor task .
todor ( 1980 ) predicted that this would hold true for other tasks mediated by the language hemisphere and he therefore [] his subjects to carry out a sequential motor task .

Four fifths of the calories in the diet are required to maintain the normal energy production and metabolism of the body  just keeping the engine ticking over even if you are resting completely .
four fifths of the calories in the diet are [] to maintain the normal energy production and metabolism of the body  just keeping the engine ticking over even if you are resting completely .

Vitamins and minerals are essential nutrients that are required not for their calorific value , which is negligible , but because they help regulate the body 's metabolism .
vitamins and minerals are essential nutrients that are [] not for their calorific value , which is negligible , but because they help regulate the body 's metabolism .

These are cheap multi-vitamin supplements which contain many of the nutrients that might be required by those on a restricted calorie intake .
these are cheap multi-vitamin supplements which contain many of the nutrients that might be [] by those on a restricted calorie intake .

When the heat is on at work and you are required to work longer hours , are you unable to maintain your eating pattern ?
when the heat is on at work and you are [] to work longer hours , are you unable to maintain your eating pattern ?

Only minute quantities are required by us and a lifetime supply of chromium weighs only a fraction of an ounce .
only minute quantities are [] by us and a lifetime supply of chromium weighs only a fraction of an ounce .

To lose weight the intake of calories from the diet must be less than required  so that the shortfall is made up by burning off some of the excess weight , which is mainly , fatty tissue deposits .
to lose weight the intake of calories from the diet must be less than []  so that the shortfall is made up by burning off some of the excess weight , which is mainly , fatty tissue deposits .

Vitamins , unlike proteins and calories , are required in only tiny amounts , fractions of a gram per day .
vitamins , unlike proteins and calories , are [] in only tiny amounts , fractions of a gram per day .

From this you can record information required on the week-ending chart .
from this you can record information [] on the week-ending chart .

Video playback may well be all that is required .
video playback may well be all that is [] .

This is not quite as simple as it sounds : the camera operators have to shoot in such a way that their two pictures will edit together , and skilled editing is required .
this is not quite as simple as it sounds : the camera operators have to shoot in such a way that their two pictures will edit together , and skilled editing is [] .

It is not always easy to estimate what level of skill and therefore what training will be required to make the best use of video equipment in an institution .
it is not always easy to estimate what level of skill and therefore what training will be [] to make the best use of video equipment in an institution .

But in the two weeks , as they moved slowly north into the forested hills and grassy uplands close to the hill station of Dalat , they had killed between them prime specimens of almost all the groups required for the museum .
but in the two weeks , as they moved slowly north into the forested hills and grassy uplands close to the hill station of dalat , they had killed between them prime specimens of almost all the groups [] for the museum .

To construct such a picture of the attractor , the values of the two variables.x ( t ) and y ( t ) are required , when t is sufficiently large to be taken as if .
to construct such a picture of the attractor , the values of the two variables.x ( t ) and y ( t ) are [] , when t is sufficiently large to be taken as if .

Increased defence commitments were required .
increased defence commitments were [] .

Both the information required and the question may suggest this .
both the information [] and the question may suggest this .

In every question needing assessment a standard or scale of reference is required by which you can measure relative success , failure or achievement .
in every question needing assessment a standard or scale of reference is [] by which you can measure relative success , failure or achievement .

To see what is required in an Advanced Examination look back to p.65 ( `` The Purpose of Questions `` ) .
to see what is [] in an advanced examination look back to p.65 ( `` the purpose of questions `` ) .

The following extract , and the questions after it , are typical of context questions in terms of depth of detail and range of knowledge required .
the following extract , and the questions after it , are typical of context questions in terms of depth of detail and range of knowledge [] .

Even so , caution is required : 1 .
even so , caution is [] : 1 .

Girls usually leave Arbour after twelve months , having taken their exams and any girls who , for instance , come in the third year at school are required to return to school afterwards .
girls usually leave arbour after twelve months , having taken their exams and any girls who , for instance , come in the third year at school are [] to return to school afterwards .

The girls are required to plan their own day , and when they are used to this system , most prefer it to the structure of school and it gives them some control over their daily lives .
the girls are [] to plan their own day , and when they are used to this system , most prefer it to the structure of school and it gives them some control over their daily lives .

Omsk alone required the excavation of 130,000 cubic metres of earth .
omsk alone [] the excavation of 130,000 cubic metres of earth .

For example a tank of a least 48x18x18 would be the minimum required in which to keep three specimens , with a 72x24%ins ; x24 being required for double that number .
for example a tank of a least 48x18x18 would be the minimum [] in which to keep three specimens , with a 72x24%ins ; x24 being [] for double that number .

When using an external filter , only a shallow depth of gravel will be required , and in this respect your substrate should remain clean .
when using an external filter , only a shallow depth of gravel will be [] , and in this respect your substrate should remain clean .

If a further trigger is required , do a large water change ( 40 per cent ) and top up with cold , simulating the rainy season .
if a further trigger is [] , do a large water change ( 40 per cent ) and top up with cold , simulating the rainy season .

They can eat a staggering amount , although the minimum required for health is much less .
they can eat a staggering amount , although the minimum [] for health is much less .

Fry were simply fed jugfuls of snail tank water as required .
fry were simply fed jugfuls of snail tank water as [] .

Once in place a flow deflector and venturi unit can be set to ensure the required flow and aeration .
once in place a flow deflector and venturi unit can be set to ensure the [] flow and aeration .

The arm can now be lifted off or replaced as required .
the arm can now be lifted off or replaced as [] .

To do this , the internal passageways are larger than you will find in conventional pumps , and electrical consumption is higher  but , on the plus side , the Lowara  Doc  series is capable of delivering the higher pressures required for spraybar or venturi aeration .
to do this , the internal passageways are larger than you will find in conventional pumps , and electrical consumption is higher  but , on the plus side , the lowara  doc  series is capable of delivering the higher pressures [] for spraybar or venturi aeration .

Alternatively , regular washing out of foam or pre-filter pad may be required .
alternatively , regular washing out of foam or pre-filter pad may be [] .

Generally the size of the pond and perhaps more importantly , the number and size of the inhabitants will dictate whether brushes and a fully-fledged settlement chamber or other forms of pre-filtration are required .
generally the size of the pond and perhaps more importantly , the number and size of the inhabitants will dictate whether brushes and a fully-fledged settlement chamber or other forms of pre-filtration are [] .

In the second case , another pass through the camera can fill the remaining space or part of it ( three to six passes might be required for a multi-image effect ) .
in the second case , another pass through the camera can fill the remaining space or part of it ( three to six passes might be [] for a multi-image effect ) .

Around the end of the silent era and in the early sound days , the glass was actually in front of the camera during shooting , possibly adding storeys to a low building or giving a view of non-existent distant hills , or whatever was required .
around the end of the silent era and in the early sound days , the glass was actually in front of the camera during shooting , possibly adding storeys to a low building or giving a view of non-existent distant hills , or whatever was [] .

Motion control was required in order to ensure that a whole variety of models , photographed separately against blue screen , could be exactly slotted together in composite shots to create fast dogfights between space vehicles , for instance .
motion control was [] in order to ensure that a whole variety of models , photographed separately against blue screen , could be exactly slotted together in composite shots to create fast dogfights between space vehicles , for instance .

Walking scenes at full length required stop-motion , and for this an exact replica , 2 feet ( 29cm ) tall , was constructed  twice the normal size of small-scale models because of the detail required in order to cut together the full-size and small-scale model shots .
walking scenes at full length [] stop-motion , and for this an exact replica , 2 feet ( 29cm ) tall , was constructed  twice the normal size of small-scale models because of the detail [] in order to cut together the full-size and small-scale model shots .

More comprehensive programmes , flexibly organised and stable from year to year , are required .
more comprehensive programmes , flexibly organised and stable from year to year , are [] .

National policies on communities and the voluntary sector recognise the contribution of small , local organisations although a more widespread and sophisticated understanding is still required .
national policies on communities and the voluntary sector recognise the contribution of small , local organisations although a more widespread and sophisticated understanding is still [] .

No one group can deal with the issue alone  a community development approach is required to bring together communities and other agencies , including the police .
no one group can deal with the issue alone  a community development approach is [] to bring together communities and other agencies , including the police .

It had not been required .
it had not been [] .

In short obtaining an expected response may be the reinforcement required to shape the experimenter 's pattern of unintentional cueing .
in short obtaining an expected response may be the reinforcement [] to shape the experimenter 's pattern of unintentional cueing .

In international law generally the duty to exhaust domestic remedies is to protect the interests of States but , in the context of the protection of human rights , also because the institutions in Strasbourg regard the development of effective domestic mechanisms for their protection as a necessary concomitant of the international procedures : individuals are required to make use of what the national systems provide before invoking the international jurisdiction .
in international law generally the duty to exhaust domestic remedies is to protect the interests of states but , in the context of the protection of human rights , also because the institutions in strasbourg regard the development of effective domestic mechanisms for their protection as a necessary concomitant of the international procedures : individuals are [] to make use of what the national systems provide before invoking the international jurisdiction .

The Court went on to say that , in the case before it , there was no need to decide whether and to what extent Article 6 ( 1 ) required a decision on the very substance of the dispute  what might be called a right to a judgment .
the court went on to say that , in the case before it , there was no need to decide whether and to what extent article 6 ( 1 ) [] a decision on the very substance of the dispute  what might be called a right to a judgment .

The reason why the Court found there was a right of access within Article 6 ( 1 )  that the rule of law required that the authorities ought not to be able to stand between individuals and tribunals  applies with equal force to a right to a judgment  that the authorities , including the courts themselves , ought not to be able to refuse litigants before them their judgments .
the reason why the court found there was a right of access within article 6 ( 1 )  that the rule of law [] that the authorities ought not to be able to stand between individuals and tribunals  applies with equal force to a right to a judgment  that the authorities , including the courts themselves , ought not to be able to refuse litigants before them their judgments .

Commentary . Judges are required to give separate and distinct directions as ( i ) the burden and ( ii ) the standard of proof  i.e.
commentary . judges are [] to give separate and distinct directions as ( i ) the burden and ( ii ) the standard of proof  i.e.

On the prosecution 's application for judicial review , on the questions whether , in proceedings under section 7(5) , a hearing before two or more justices was required by virtue of section 121 of the Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , whether formal evidence was required to be adduced , and whether there was power to adjourn the proceedings : 
on the prosecution 's application for judicial review , on the questions whether , in proceedings under section 7(5) , a hearing before two or more justices was [] by virtue of section 121 of the magistrates ' courts act 1980 , whether formal evidence was [] to be adduced , and whether there was power to adjourn the proceedings : 

The Director of Public Prosecutions brings this application for judicial review of these decisions of the single justice on Friday , 16 February ; the first , declining to deal with the issue of the alleged breach of bail condition by Mr. Bell on the ground that that issue could not be resolved by a single justice of the peace but required a court consisting of at least two justices , and the second , to adjourn the hearing of the alleged breach of condition to a court sitting on Monday , 19 February , and to remand Mr. Bell in custody in the intervening period .
the director of public prosecutions brings this application for judicial review of these decisions of the single justice on friday , 16 february ; the first , declining to deal with the issue of the alleged breach of bail condition by mr. bell on the ground that that issue could not be resolved by a single justice of the peace but [] a court consisting of at least two justices , and the second , to adjourn the hearing of the alleged breach of condition to a court sitting on monday , 19 february , and to remand mr. bell in custody in the intervening period .

The second reason why two justices were not required was that the proceeding under section 7 ( 5 ) of the Bail Act 1976 was neither the trial of an information summarily nor the hearing of a complaint within the meaning of section 121 ( 1 ) of the Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 .
the second reason why two justices were not [] was that the proceeding under section 7 ( 5 ) of the bail act 1976 was neither the trial of an information summarily nor the hearing of a complaint within the meaning of section 121 ( 1 ) of the magistrates ' courts act 1980 .

Such a hearing is not , in my judgment , required .
such a hearing is not , in my judgment , [] .

Material on which the justice can be invited to form one of the required opinions does not have to consist of evidence given on oath , subject to cross-examination .
material on which the justice can be invited to form one of the [] opinions does not have to consist of evidence given on oath , subject to cross-examination .

Capitalist industrial society required relations of production based on wage labour rather than the traditional ties of lord and vassal .
capitalist industrial society [] relations of production based on wage labour rather than the traditional ties of lord and vassal .

Secondly , there is no proof that exceptional talents are required for those positions which Davis and Moore consider important .
secondly , there is no proof that exceptional talents are [] for those positions which davis and moore consider important .

Tumin also questions the view that the training required for important positions should be regarded as a sacrifice and therefore in need of compensation .
tumin also questions the view that the training [] for important positions should be regarded as a sacrifice and therefore in need of compensation .

During each historical epoch , the labour power required for production was supplied by the subject class , that is by slaves , serfs and wage labourers respectively .
during each historical epoch , the labour power [] for production was supplied by the subject class , that is by slaves , serfs and wage labourers respectively .

Classes emerge when the productive capacity of society expands beyond the level required for subsistence .
classes emerge when the productive capacity of society expands beyond the level [] for subsistence .

The differences between skilled , semi-skilled and unskilled workers will tend to disappear as machines remove the skill required in the production of commodities .
the differences between skilled , semi-skilled and unskilled workers will tend to disappear as machines remove the skill [] in the production of commodities .

3 The behaviour of professionals is strictly controlled by a code of ethics which is established and maintained by professional associations and learned as part of the training required to qualify as a professional .
3 the behaviour of professionals is strictly controlled by a code of ethics which is established and maintained by professional associations and learned as part of the training [] to qualify as a professional .

Firstly , there is restriction of entry into the occupation , which is provided by the profession 's control of the training and qualifications required for membership and the numbers deemed necessary to provide an adequate service .
firstly , there is restriction of entry into the occupation , which is provided by the profession 's control of the training and qualifications [] for membership and the numbers deemed necessary to provide an adequate service .

Computerized systems have reduced the amount of skill required by many engineers and their performance is closely regulated .
computerized systems have reduced the amount of skill [] by many engineers and their performance is closely regulated .

He argues that over the last century or so the number of white-collar jobs has increased rapidly , but at the same time the skill required to do the jobs has been reduced .
he argues that over the last century or so the number of white-collar jobs has increased rapidly , but at the same time the skill [] to do the jobs has been reduced .

As a result the skills required became minimal .
as a result the skills [] became minimal .

Computerization has further reduced the skill required of checkout assistants , and the control of stock and the keeping of accounts have also become largely automated .
computerization has further reduced the skill [] of checkout assistants , and the control of stock and the keeping of accounts have also become largely automated .

Braverman believes that as a consequence of the changes outlined above the skills required of most routine white-collar workers are now minimal .
braverman believes that as a consequence of the changes outlined above the skills [] of most routine white-collar workers are now minimal .

Basic numeracy and literacy are often all that are required .
basic numeracy and literacy are often all that are [] .

As a result their work required very little skill .
as a result their work [] very little skill .

Deskilling appeared to be closely linked to computerization : least skill was required by the clerks at the most computerized of the institutions , the local authority .
deskilling appeared to be closely linked to computerization : least skill was [] by the clerks at the most computerized of the institutions , the local authority .

In one of their questions they asked respondents whether their job required more , less or the same skill as when they had started work .
in one of their questions they asked respondents whether their job [] more , less or the same skill as when they had started work .

Overall only 4 % claimed that their jobs required less skill , and only 4 % of women in lower-grade white-collar jobs claimed to have been deskilled .
overall only 4 % claimed that their jobs [] less skill , and only 4 % of women in lower-grade white-collar jobs claimed to have been deskilled .

The argument is often made that what is required is applied research to deliver products and processes directly to industry .
the argument is often made that what is [] is applied research to deliver products and processes directly to industry .

What is required is a balance where basic and applied research co-exist and catalyse further developments .
what is [] is a balance where basic and applied research co-exist and catalyse further developments .

The practitioners are still largely in the state of new recruits to any government 's army , who will be required at an early stage to learn by rote the names of the standard machine-gun issue .
the practitioners are still largely in the state of new recruits to any government 's army , who will be [] at an early stage to learn by rote the names of the standard machine-gun issue .

Recent Rosat observations do show evidence for substructure on some scales  and this is important because it indicates that larger-scale cosmological structures built up hierarchically  but not the smaller-scale clumping required to remove the baryon catastrophe .
recent rosat observations do show evidence for substructure on some scales  and this is important because it indicates that larger-scale cosmological structures built up hierarchically  but not the smaller-scale clumping [] to remove the baryon catastrophe .

Only black-and-white prints are required ( min 8  10 , with camera and film speed quoted ) and must be of high quality for advertising reproduction purposes .
only black-and-white prints are [] ( min 8  10 , with camera and film speed quoted ) and must be of high quality for advertising reproduction purposes .

Under section 33 of the Act of 1986 , the governors are required to consult the local education authority annually as to whether the admissions arrangements are satisfactory and also to consult with the local education authority before determining , or varying , any of them .
under section 33 of the act of 1986 , the governors are [] to consult the local education authority annually as to whether the admissions arrangements are satisfactory and also to consult with the local education authority before determining , or varying , any of them .

Under section 26 of the Act of 1988 , the governors are required to admit not less than  the relevant standard number .
under section 26 of the act of 1988 , the governors are [] to admit not less than  the relevant standard number .

In the second paragraph they expressly referred to the right of an over-subscribed school to adopt reasonable criteria for selection , the criteria had been published in this case , and that they were required to take such criteria into account .
in the second paragraph they expressly referred to the right of an over-subscribed school to adopt reasonable criteria for selection , the criteria had been published in this case , and that they were [] to take such criteria into account .

Firstly , he used a telescope to observe the heavens , and in so doing he transformed the observational data that the Copernican theory was required to explain .
firstly , he used a telescope to observe the heavens , and in so doing he transformed the observational data that the copernican theory was [] to explain .

That programme included the development of more accurate telescopes , together with auxiliary theories required for their use in astronomy such as those providing adequate means for allowing for refraction of light in the earth 's atmosphere .
that programme included the development of more accurate telescopes , together with auxiliary theories [] for their use in astronomy such as those providing adequate means for allowing for refraction of light in the earth 's atmosphere .

Only Athenian citizens could profit by allotments of land as  cleruchs  ( literally ,  allotment-holders  ) and it may be more than chance that the qualifications for Athenian citizenship are more closely defined at just this moment ( 451 ) : citizen descent was now required on both sides ( Ath .
only athenian citizens could profit by allotments of land as  cleruchs  ( literally ,  allotment-holders  ) and it may be more than chance that the qualifications for athenian citizenship are more closely defined at just this moment ( 451 ) : citizen descent was now [] on both sides ( ath .

One of the complaints against Athens was that Aigina  was not autonomous as the treaty required  ( Thuc .
one of the complaints against athens was that aigina  was not autonomous as the treaty []  ( thuc .

6000 , not of a male population in 431 of about 40,000 , could he accommodated on the Pnyx , the open-air meeting-place , and that total was regularly reached in the fourth century , as we know from the very many attested grants of citizenship , for which a quorum of 6000 was required .
6000 , not of a male population in 431 of about 40,000 , could he accommodated on the pnyx , the open-air meeting-place , and that total was regularly reached in the fourth century , as we know from the very many attested grants of citizenship , for which a quorum of 6000 was [] .

Many local authorities in addition to  pointing  applicants , place them in queues for accommodation , based on type of dwelling required and location .
many local authorities in addition to  pointing  applicants , place them in queues for accommodation , based on type of dwelling [] and location .

Whereas ministerial consent was previously required , now certain  secure tenants  have the right to buy their houses ( flats , initially excluded from purchase but available for long lease , were later included ) .
whereas ministerial consent was previously [] , now certain  secure tenants  have the right to buy their houses ( flats , initially excluded from purchase but available for long lease , were later included ) .

There was , however , scope for considerable flexibility of interpretation of many aspects of this Act , as with the Housing ( Homeless Persons ) Act 1977 , and minor points required clarification under the Rent ( Agriculture ) Amendment Act 1977 .
there was , however , scope for considerable flexibility of interpretation of many aspects of this act , as with the housing ( homeless persons ) act 1977 , and minor points [] clarification under the rent ( agriculture ) amendment act 1977 .

The revenue required to support bus services in Gwynedd , for example , rose by almost three times between 1974/75 and 1978/79 , yet the 700,000 subsidy in the last year was worth considerably less to operators at that time than earlier subsidies had been .
the revenue [] to support bus services in gwynedd , for example , rose by almost three times between 1974/75 and 1978/79 , yet the 700,000 subsidy in the last year was worth considerably less to operators at that time than earlier subsidies had been .

In response to such criticisms , many feel that a more flexible approach to green belts is required .
in response to such criticisms , many feel that a more flexible approach to green belts is [] .

Since 1974 each park authority has been required to prepare a five-year management plan for its area ( see , for example , Dartmoor National Park Authority 1977 and Peak Park Joint Planning Board 1978 ) .
since 1974 each park authority has been [] to prepare a five-year management plan for its area ( see , for example , dartmoor national park authority 1977 and peak park joint planning board 1978 ) .

It will be noted that there was here no attempt to carry out the balancing exercise required by article 10 and for that reason alone this decision is of little persuasive authority .
it will be noted that there was here no attempt to carry out the balancing exercise [] by article 10 and for that reason alone this decision is of little persuasive authority .

Their Lordships do not find it necessary for present purposes to examine the question what element of mens rea is required as an ingredient of the offences  They observe , however , that it would on any view be a grave impediment to the freedom of the press if those who print , or a fortiori those who distribute , matter reflecting critically on the conduct of public authorities could only do so with impunity if they could first verify the accuracy of all statements of fact on which the criticism was based .
their lordships do not find it necessary for present purposes to examine the question what element of mens rea is [] as an ingredient of the offences  they observe , however , that it would on any view be a grave impediment to the freedom of the press if those who print , or a fortiori those who distribute , matter reflecting critically on the conduct of public authorities could only do so with impunity if they could first verify the accuracy of all statements of fact on which the criticism was based .

( vi ) If the court should hold that a right to sue in libel must be allowed to a local government authority , then , in the alternative , this court should , in extending the law of libel to permit actions by a local authority , impose particular restrictions or limitations upon the cause of action , namely that a local authority could only sue for libel upon proof of special damage ; and that the council would be required to prove both the falsity of the allegation and that it was published maliciously .
( vi ) if the court should hold that a right to sue in libel must be allowed to a local government authority , then , in the alternative , this court should , in extending the law of libel to permit actions by a local authority , impose particular restrictions or limitations upon the cause of action , namely that a local authority could only sue for libel upon proof of special damage ; and that the council would be [] to prove both the falsity of the allegation and that it was published maliciously .

above is in the affirmative what is the degree of : ( a ) the likelihood and ( b ) the seriousness of any prejudice which is required to justify a stay of such proceedings .
above is in the affirmative what is the degree of : ( a ) the likelihood and ( b ) the seriousness of any prejudice which is [] to justify a stay of such proceedings .

In October 1988 the report and its recommendations was considered ( as is required by the complaints procedure ) by the relevant Commander of the Metropolitan Police .
in october 1988 the report and its recommendations was considered ( as is [] by the complaints procedure ) by the relevant commander of the metropolitan police .

above is in the affirmative , what is the degree of : ( a ) the likelihood and ( b ) the seriousness of any prejudice which is required to justify a stay of such proceedings .
above is in the affirmative , what is the degree of : ( a ) the likelihood and ( b ) the seriousness of any prejudice which is [] to justify a stay of such proceedings .

In October 1988 that report was considered as is required by the complaints procedure by the relevant Commander of the Metropolitan Police and in November 1988 it was submitted for consideration by the Director of Public Prosecutions .
in october 1988 that report was considered as is [] by the complaints procedure by the relevant commander of the metropolitan police and in november 1988 it was submitted for consideration by the director of public prosecutions .

Mr. Arlidge 's argument is as follows : The word  defer  in this context means  put off  or  postpone  or  delay  and that if a trial takes place after a time which is obviously longer than that normally required for the preparation of a trial of that nature , then there has been the kind of delay prohibited by the statute .
mr. arlidge 's argument is as follows : the word  defer  in this context means  put off  or  postpone  or  delay  and that if a trial takes place after a time which is obviously longer than that normally [] for the preparation of a trial of that nature , then there has been the kind of delay prohibited by the statute .

It is questionable , however , whether the provisions actually add to a victim 's opportunity for compensation and it has been argued that the procedure differs little from that required for any civil action except that the funds are preserved .
it is questionable , however , whether the provisions actually add to a victim 's opportunity for compensation and it has been argued that the procedure differs little from that [] for any civil action except that the funds are preserved .

As the transcript of the judgment reveals , the Crown of Appeal was of the view that even if the appellant 's assertion of a right to be informed of the solicitor 's calls had been upheld , it does not follow that in all the circumstances of the case fairness would have required that the confession should have been excluded under section 78 .
as the transcript of the judgment reveals , the crown of appeal was of the view that even if the appellant 's assertion of a right to be informed of the solicitor 's calls had been upheld , it does not follow that in all the circumstances of the case fairness would have [] that the confession should have been excluded under section 78 .

Nonetheless , he had clearly purported to pose the question of whether a caution was required , but had not answered it .
nonetheless , he had clearly purported to pose the question of whether a caution was [] , but had not answered it .

The  keys  or trigger features required to  unlock  these two types of cell are rather simple  it is just a matter of applying a small stimulus in the right place , and giving it the correct sign , an increase for one and a decrease for the other .
the  keys  or trigger features [] to  unlock  these two types of cell are rather simple  it is just a matter of applying a small stimulus in the right place , and giving it the correct sign , an increase for one and a decrease for the other .

Experience is required for the connections from an eye to continue to control its fair share of cortical neurons , and joint experience is required for joint control ( adapted from Hubel and Wiesel , reference 5 and Hubel 1988 : see Further Reading ) .
experience is [] for the connections from an eye to continue to control its fair share of cortical neurons , and joint experience is [] for joint control ( adapted from hubel and wiesel , reference 5 and hubel 1988 : see further reading ) .

Apparently , simultaneous activation of a neuron through both eyes is required to maintain connections to both eyes .
apparently , simultaneous activation of a neuron through both eyes is [] to maintain connections to both eyes .

This does not mean that it is the product of labour ( such as could be required by a technique of narration and the mastery of style ) but the very theatre of a production where the producer and reader of the text meet : the text  works  , at each moment and from whatever side one takes it .
this does not mean that it is the product of labour ( such as could be [] by a technique of narration and the mastery of style ) but the very theatre of a production where the producer and reader of the text meet : the text  works  , at each moment and from whatever side one takes it .

Barthes says the text is not  the product of a labour ( such as could be required by a technique of narrative or a mastery of style )  .
barthes says the text is not  the product of a labour ( such as could be [] by a technique of narrative or a mastery of style )  .

To rearticulate them back to working-class interests required considerable ideological work .
to rearticulate them back to working-class interests [] considerable ideological work .

There is , however , a further problem here : even if the required  nationalisation  of possession were accomplished , it would not be possible to opt out of the international division of labour with other capitalist economies .
there is , however , a further problem here : even if the []  nationalisation  of possession were accomplished , it would not be possible to opt out of the international division of labour with other capitalist economies .

But what conditions are required for a given investment project to offer such profitability ?
but what conditions are [] for a given investment project to offer such profitability ?

The Net Present Value calculation , for instance , yields a figure of merit for an investment project which effectively shows whether the rate of return on a project is in excess of the compound interest to be paid on the money capital required to finance it .
the net present value calculation , for instance , yields a figure of merit for an investment project which effectively shows whether the rate of return on a project is in excess of the compound interest to be paid on the money capital [] to finance it .

Democratic mechanisms must be conceived as operating at different levels : within the operating units there may be scope for direct participative democracy perhaps also involving factory committees in close touch with the workforce ; at the level of the enterprise , direct democracy would probably be impractical and some form of representative mechanism would be required .
democratic mechanisms must be conceived as operating at different levels : within the operating units there may be scope for direct participative democracy perhaps also involving factory committees in close touch with the workforce ; at the level of the enterprise , direct democracy would probably be impractical and some form of representative mechanism would be [] .

It is not possible to say in the abstract what kind of decisions would be taken at these different levels , or at least not with any precision , since this would depend on the character of the economic relations between the general office of the enterprise and its operating units , and between the operating units themselves , quite apart from the particular forms of struggle at local and national level which would be required to implement any such scheme .
it is not possible to say in the abstract what kind of decisions would be taken at these different levels , or at least not with any precision , since this would depend on the character of the economic relations between the general office of the enterprise and its operating units , and between the operating units themselves , quite apart from the particular forms of struggle at local and national level which would be [] to implement any such scheme .

In the absence of both the  political will  and the social forces which would have been required to go beyond the merely  indicative  and technocratic attempt to alleviate the balance of payments constraint , the Wilson government used the only effective levers at its disposal to maintain the external balance : the old standby of fiscal deflation ; incomes policy , to hold down both labour costs of British firms and consumer spending on imports ; and then eventually devaluation of the currency which , although it did not abolish the trade constraint , at least temporarily pre-empted speculative pressure on the pound and brought a period of increased price competitiveness .
in the absence of both the  political will  and the social forces which would have been [] to go beyond the merely  indicative  and technocratic attempt to alleviate the balance of payments constraint , the wilson government used the only effective levers at its disposal to maintain the external balance : the old standby of fiscal deflation ; incomes policy , to hold down both labour costs of british firms and consumer spending on imports ; and then eventually devaluation of the currency which , although it did not abolish the trade constraint , at least temporarily pre-empted speculative pressure on the pound and brought a period of increased price competitiveness .

The sheer volume of insignia required for public services means that insignia can be given only the appearance of precious metals .
the sheer volume of insignia [] for public services means that insignia can be given only the appearance of precious metals .

The justices ' reason for making the secure accommodation order was that in view of the facts found an order was required in order that the child could be given the help and guidance to meet his special needs .
the justices ' reason for making the secure accommodation order was that in view of the facts found an order was [] in order that the child could be given the help and guidance to meet his special needs .

The reasons for making the order :  In view of the facts found an order is required in order that [ he ] can be given the help and guidance to meet his special needs .
the reasons for making the order :  in view of the facts found an order is [] in order that [ he ] can be given the help and guidance to meet his special needs .

The court is required to appoint a guardian ad litem for the child , unless it is satisfied that it is not necessary to do so in the interests of the child .
the court is [] to appoint a guardian ad litem for the child , unless it is satisfied that it is not necessary to do so in the interests of the child .

( 3 ) The Director may by notice in writing require the person under investigation or any other person to produce at such place as may be specified in the notice and either forthwith or at such time as may be so specified any specified documents which appear to the Director to relate to any matter relevant to the investigation or any documents of a specified description which appear to him so to relate ; and  ( a ) if any such documents are produced , the Director may  ( i ) take copies or extracts from them ; ( ii ) require the person producing them to provide an explanation of any of them ; ( b ) if any such documents are not produced , the Director may require the person who was required to produce them to state , to the best of his knowledge and belief , where they are .
( 3 ) the director may by notice in writing require the person under investigation or any other person to produce at such place as may be specified in the notice and either forthwith or at such time as may be so specified any specified documents which appear to the director to relate to any matter relevant to the investigation or any documents of a specified description which appear to him so to relate ; and  ( a ) if any such documents are produced , the director may  ( i ) take copies or extracts from them ; ( ii ) require the person producing them to provide an explanation of any of them ; ( b ) if any such documents are not produced , the director may require the person who was [] to produce them to state , to the best of his knowledge and belief , where they are .

 Declaration granted that before asking questions relating to an offence with which a person under investigation had been charged , the Director of the Serious Fraud Office was required to inform that person that he was not obliged to answer such questions but , if they were answered , what was said might only be used in evidence against that person where he was charged with knowingly or recklessly making a false or misleading statement or where the answer was inconsistent with any evidence he might give at a later criminal trial .
 declaration granted that before asking questions relating to an offence with which a person under investigation had been charged , the director of the serious fraud office was [] to inform that person that he was not obliged to answer such questions but , if they were answered , what was said might only be used in evidence against that person where he was charged with knowingly or recklessly making a false or misleading statement or where the answer was inconsistent with any evidence he might give at a later criminal trial .

It required no elaborate analysis to draw the lesson : economic grievances could only be redressed by achieving political change .
it [] no elaborate analysis to draw the lesson : economic grievances could only be redressed by achieving political change .

The World Financial Centre required that construction continue every working hour of every working day in order to complete the strict deadline imposed by the Battery Park Commission .
the world financial centre [] that construction continue every working hour of every working day in order to complete the strict deadline imposed by the battery park commission .

With no kettles to boil , basins to fill or clean towels to fetch , true participation is required .
with no kettles to boil , basins to fill or clean towels to fetch , true participation is [] .

The new industrial social order required new techniques of power and new institutions to control the subordinate classes .
the new industrial social order [] new techniques of power and new institutions to control the subordinate classes .

Among the factors which they are required to take into account in reaching a decision are the seriousness of the offence , and whether their own powers of punishment would be adequate if the defendant were to be convicted ( section 19 , Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 ) .
among the factors which they are [] to take into account in reaching a decision are the seriousness of the offence , and whether their own powers of punishment would be adequate if the defendant were to be convicted ( section 19 , magistrates ' courts act 1980 ) .

Similarly , the explosion in the population of sentenced prisoners , which was an ongoing phenomenon for most of the 1990s , appears to be largely attributable to the persistent practice of  over-sentencing   both in the sense of using custody unnecessarily for minor property offenders and others , and of imposing longer sentences across the board than is required for strictly reductivist purposes  for which responsibility rests mainly , but not exclusively , with the Crown Court .
similarly , the explosion in the population of sentenced prisoners , which was an ongoing phenomenon for most of the 1990s , appears to be largely attributable to the persistent practice of  over-sentencing   both in the sense of using custody unnecessarily for minor property offenders and others , and of imposing longer sentences across the board than is [] for strictly reductivist purposes  for which responsibility rests mainly , but not exclusively , with the crown court .

One side advantage of using these human interest aspects of the police procedural is that here at least you will have to do no research , or no more than is required by looking into your own heart .
one side advantage of using these human interest aspects of the police procedural is that here at least you will have to do no research , or no more than is [] by looking into your own heart .

There were strict rules which the recruiting officers were required to follow .
there were strict rules which the recruiting officers were [] to follow .

Although Muslims in some areas paid cizye , the burden of this tax bore most heavily on the Christians , who were required to pay for every male of twelve years of age on a sliding scale , according to his assessed wealth .
although muslims in some areas paid cizye , the burden of this tax bore most heavily on the christians , who were [] to pay for every male of twelve years of age on a sliding scale , according to his assessed wealth .

The justification for the discrimination between Muslim and non-Muslim was that the latter were not usually drafted into the army and were therefore required to contribute in cash towards their defence .
the justification for the discrimination between muslim and non-muslim was that the latter were not usually drafted into the army and were therefore [] to contribute in cash towards their defence .

Ottoman law required them to live separately in their own quarter of the town , and forbade their priests to proselytise .
ottoman law [] them to live separately in their own quarter of the town , and forbade their priests to proselytise .

 Even before Rodofinikin arrived in Belgrade , Russia had concluded the Peace of Tilsit with Napoleon , which required , inter alia , Russia to make peace with Turkey .
 even before rodofinikin arrived in belgrade , russia had concluded the peace of tilsit with napoleon , which [] , inter alia , russia to make peace with turkey .

The Serbian oborknezovi and baiknezovi who ran the local administration were left very much on their own by the Turks as long as they maintained order and collected the taxes required of them .
the serbian oborknezovi and baiknezovi who ran the local administration were left very much on their own by the turks as long as they maintained order and collected the taxes [] of them .

The Treaty of Adrianople , signed in September 1829 , required the sultan to implement the Convention within a month .
the treaty of adrianople , signed in september 1829 , [] the sultan to implement the convention within a month .

The Infinity Drive exerted exactly equal stress  which was to say almost none  on all parts of the contained structure , and a ship like the Simonova was never likely to be required to approach even the outer atmosphere of a planet , far less to land .
the infinity drive exerted exactly equal stress  which was to say almost none  on all parts of the contained structure , and a ship like the simonova was never likely to be [] to approach even the outer atmosphere of a planet , far less to land .

Few citizens entered the survey service , and for a kulak to obtain the equivalent of Navy commissioned rank required exceptional ability .
few citizens entered the survey service , and for a kulak to obtain the equivalent of navy commissioned rank [] exceptional ability .

Their sophisticated plasma weapons required regular technical inspection .
their sophisticated plasma weapons [] regular technical inspection .

It was true that the Simonova 's earthing crew had been slow to react  the more so since they must have been required to perform a similar task on both of the platforms which had been docked and inspected previously .
it was true that the simonova 's earthing crew had been slow to react  the more so since they must have been [] to perform a similar task on both of the platforms which had been docked and inspected previously .

The derivation of the no-arbitrage condition can be generalized to include the case where initial margin payments are required .
the derivation of the no-arbitrage condition can be generalized to include the case where initial margin payments are [] .

The Toronto 35 index uses modified market value weights , so that the number of shares in each company required to form the arbitrage portfolio is rounded to the nearest hundred .
the toronto 35 index uses modified market value weights , so that the number of shares in each company [] to form the arbitrage portfolio is rounded to the nearest hundred .

This will reduce the costs of arbitraging this index as the trading of odd lots of shares is never required .
this will reduce the costs of arbitraging this index as the trading of odd lots of shares is never [] .

The assumption will normally be met for long positions in shares , but for short positions the potential losses are infinite and , if there has been a substantial rise in the index , a short seller may be required to put up additional funds before delivery .
the assumption will normally be met for long positions in shares , but for short positions the potential losses are infinite and , if there has been a substantial rise in the index , a short seller may be [] to put up additional funds before delivery .

This will tend to reduce the price that a trader is prepared to pay for a long position , and increase the price required for a short position .
this will tend to reduce the price that a trader is prepared to pay for a long position , and increase the price [] for a short position .

For example , if an estimate of the volatility for each day is required , the sample size is 1 .
for example , if an estimate of the volatility for each day is [] , the sample size is 1 .

Only companies employing over 20 people are required to submit a return to the Standard Industrial Classification survey , which gather statistics on , among other things , a company 's turnover , number of employees and productivity .
only companies employing over 20 people are [] to submit a return to the standard industrial classification survey , which gather statistics on , among other things , a company 's turnover , number of employees and productivity .

Mr Stewart was convinced that , provided booksellers had the required enthusiasm and vision to tackle the schools market , they were uniquely placed to act as agent to all publishers and to provide a one-stop shopping facility for teachers .
mr stewart was convinced that , provided booksellers had the [] enthusiasm and vision to tackle the schools market , they were uniquely placed to act as agent to all publishers and to provide a one-stop shopping facility for teachers .

It applies , for instance , to a local authority which is required by statute to receive sewage into its sewers .
it applies , for instance , to a local authority which is [] by statute to receive sewage into its sewers .

 Where a statutory authority is under a mandatory obligation to supply a service , whether with a saving or nuisance clause ( that nothing shall exonerate it from proceedings for nuisance ) or whether without such a clause , the authority is under no liability for anything expressly required by statute to be done , or reasonably incidental to that requirement , if it was done without negligence .
 where a statutory authority is under a mandatory obligation to supply a service , whether with a saving or nuisance clause ( that nothing shall exonerate it from proceedings for nuisance ) or whether without such a clause , the authority is under no liability for anything expressly [] by statute to be done , or reasonably incidental to that requirement , if it was done without negligence .

He is required to make such provision ( either by insurance or some other means ) as the Minister may , with the consent of the Treasury , approve for sufficient funds to be available , generally up to a total of 20m .
he is [] to make such provision ( either by insurance or some other means ) as the minister may , with the consent of the treasury , approve for sufficient funds to be available , generally up to a total of 20m .

In most cases of detinue there would be a concurrent liability in conversion based upon a demand and refusal to return but as we have seen conversion required a positive act and had never lain where the defendant once had the plaintiff 's goods but was unable to return them because they had been lost or negligently destroyed .
in most cases of detinue there would be a concurrent liability in conversion based upon a demand and refusal to return but as we have seen conversion [] a positive act and had never lain where the defendant once had the plaintiff 's goods but was unable to return them because they had been lost or negligently destroyed .

It is , of course , open to the occupier to regulate the right to possession of lost property by contract with the entrant ; it remains to be seen whether merely putting up notices at the entrance declaring that lost property is to vest in the occupier will be an effective manifestation of the intent to control required by Parker 's case .
it is , of course , open to the occupier to regulate the right to possession of lost property by contract with the entrant ; it remains to be seen whether merely putting up notices at the entrance declaring that lost property is to vest in the occupier will be an effective manifestation of the intent to control [] by parker 's case .

 Malice in the sense of malevolence , spite or ill will is not essential for liability ; what is required is that the combiners should have acted in order that ( not with the result that , even the foreseeable result ) the plaintiff should suffer damage .
 malice in the sense of malevolence , spite or ill will is not essential for liability ; what is [] is that the combiners should have acted in order that ( not with the result that , even the foreseeable result ) the plaintiff should suffer damage .

the allegations pleaded ( which the court was required to assume to be true for the purposes of an issue as to service out of the jurisdiction ) were as follows .
the allegations pleaded ( which the court was [] to assume to be true for the purposes of an issue as to service out of the jurisdiction ) were as follows .

There is a need to make what we can of an essentially applied subject , hoping that we can gain what is required from other disciplines without going too deeply into them .
there is a need to make what we can of an essentially applied subject , hoping that we can gain what is [] from other disciplines without going too deeply into them .

 Many who are required to study social policy are , or expect to be , involved in its implementation .
 many who are [] to study social policy are , or expect to be , involved in its implementation .

The parishes were required to levy rates to provide for the relief of the poor .
the parishes were [] to levy rates to provide for the relief of the poor .

In a few areas local government agencies took some steps to tackle this problem , but real progress did not come until central government gave local authorities powers to act effectively , and also required them to take such action .
in a few areas local government agencies took some steps to tackle this problem , but real progress did not come until central government gave local authorities powers to act effectively , and also [] them to take such action .

In the nineteenth century , therefore , some reforms required local authorities to take action and to employ professional staff , such as the medical officers of health required by an Act of 1871 .
in the nineteenth century , therefore , some reforms [] local authorities to take action and to employ professional staff , such as the medical officers of health [] by an act of 1871 .

While local government was responsible for public health , and for the rudimentary planning , housing and hospital functions required to help achieve more sanitary urban areas , education was made the responsibility of separately elected school boards .
while local government was responsible for public health , and for the rudimentary planning , housing and hospital functions [] to help achieve more sanitary urban areas , education was made the responsibility of separately elected school boards .

New initiatives to preserve the unity of the nation were required .
new initiatives to preserve the unity of the nation were [] .

However , both of the early measures required quite large subventions from taxation .
however , both of the early measures [] quite large subventions from taxation .

Children 's services were the responsibility of one department , required by statute .
children 's services were the responsibility of one department , [] by statute .

Analysis of the issue is complicated by questions about the changing composition of the labour force , which large numbers of married women have joined since the war , and about the extent to which the unemployed lack the skills and capacity now required by industry .
analysis of the issue is complicated by questions about the changing composition of the labour force , which large numbers of married women have joined since the war , and about the extent to which the unemployed lack the skills and capacity now [] by industry .

Most countries have systems of government that are relatively modern creations , either designed after cataclysmic political events which required the setting up of entirely new institutions , or set up to meet the needs of newly created or newly independent states .
most countries have systems of government that are relatively modern creations , either designed after cataclysmic political events which [] the setting up of entirely new institutions , or set up to meet the needs of newly created or newly independent states .

While this may be seen primarily as a defensive kind of action , involving much routine work by civil servants who are required to produce the information needed for parliamentary answers , it may also provide opportunities for publicizing new policy initiatives .
while this may be seen primarily as a defensive kind of action , involving much routine work by civil servants who are [] to produce the information needed for parliamentary answers , it may also provide opportunities for publicizing new policy initiatives .

In Scotland there was a majority in favour of devolution but it fell short of the 40 per cent of the electorate required by the statute .
in scotland there was a majority in favour of devolution but it fell short of the 40 per cent of the electorate [] by the statute .

Formally the approval of the Treasury is required , probably together with the support of the Cabinet in one of its priority-setting exercises , where the minister is involved in competition with colleagues who have alternative expenditure aspirations .
formally the approval of the treasury is [] , probably together with the support of the cabinet in one of its priority-setting exercises , where the minister is involved in competition with colleagues who have alternative expenditure aspirations .

This is the central concern for what we may call the  top-down  approach to the study of implementation : why do n't those who are expected to carry out policies do what is required of them ?
this is the central concern for what we may call the  top-down  approach to the study of implementation : why do n't those who are expected to carry out policies do what is [] of them ?

Higher education in Britain has required special forms of organization designed to take into account the fact that many colleges serve more that the local authority area in which they are based , and to acknowledge the special claims to autonomy of the universities .
higher education in britain has [] special forms of organization designed to take into account the fact that many colleges serve more that the local authority area in which they are based , and to acknowledge the special claims to autonomy of the universities .

Discretionary judgement is likely to be required by policy , alongside the more precise rules that it is possible to promulgate .
discretionary judgement is likely to be [] by policy , alongside the more precise rules that it is possible to promulgate .

It is important to raise questions about the ways in which policies are expressed , and the evidence required to establish the extent of implementation Policies may be conveyed to local implementers in a range of ways from , at one extreme , the explicit imposition of duties and responsibilities to , at the other end of the continuum , the very loose granting of powers which may or may not be used .
it is important to raise questions about the ways in which policies are expressed , and the evidence [] to establish the extent of implementation policies may be conveyed to local implementers in a range of ways from , at one extreme , the explicit imposition of duties and responsibilities to , at the other end of the continuum , the very loose granting of powers which may or may not be used .

These sources of professional freedom clearly have a differential impact depending upon ( a ) the professional involved , ( b ) the organizational setting in which professionals work , and ( c ) the policies that they are required to implement .
these sources of professional freedom clearly have a differential impact depending upon ( a ) the professional involved , ( b ) the organizational setting in which professionals work , and ( c ) the policies that they are [] to implement .

Packman has examined the way in which social workers in children 's departments gradually found that good child care practice required not merely the control and care powers possessed under the 1948 Children 's Act but also preventive work to keep children out of  care  .
packman has examined the way in which social workers in children 's departments gradually found that good child care practice [] not merely the control and care powers possessed under the 1948 children 's act but also preventive work to keep children out of  care  .

The flexibility required of the policies implies a flexibility required of different agencies .
the flexibility [] of the policies implies a flexibility [] of different agencies .

Clearly the social policy required to tackle the problem must be comprehensive in scope and its instruments flexible and imaginative in application .
clearly the social policy [] to tackle the problem must be comprehensive in scope and its instruments flexible and imaginative in application .

What is required is a genuine enabling partnership between the formal and informal sectors in which people and their families receive relevant and generous support from income maintenance and the health and social services of their neighbourhood .
what is [] is a genuine enabling partnership between the formal and informal sectors in which people and their families receive relevant and generous support from income maintenance and the health and social services of their neighbourhood .

Some problems are fairly obvious : whether the disability is congenital , or the result of an accident or disease , the maximum amount of medical care available is required , in order to minimize the effects of the disability , or arrest the causative condition .
some problems are fairly obvious : whether the disability is congenital , or the result of an accident or disease , the maximum amount of medical care available is [] , in order to minimize the effects of the disability , or arrest the causative condition .

At present the local authorities have a duty to provide residential accommodation if this is required for anyone who needs it by reason of age or infirmity .
at present the local authorities have a duty to provide residential accommodation if this is [] for anyone who needs it by reason of age or infirmity .

Voluntary effort has already been mentioned , but a further comment is required to underline the very large contribution of voluntary agencies in this field .
voluntary effort has already been mentioned , but a further comment is [] to underline the very large contribution of voluntary agencies in this field .

But the social problem posed by mental disorder is a particularly awkward one : on the one hand , facilities for care and treatment are necessary and on the other , some form of control may be required , because the more serious states of mental illness and mental impairment involve some failure to live a responsible and well ordered life that conforms to the demands of society .
but the social problem posed by mental disorder is a particularly awkward one : on the one hand , facilities for care and treatment are necessary and on the other , some form of control may be [] , because the more serious states of mental illness and mental impairment involve some failure to live a responsible and well ordered life that conforms to the demands of society .

Again , applications may be made by the nearest relative or an approved social worker and two medical recommendations are required .
again , applications may be made by the nearest relative or an approved social worker and two medical recommendations are [] .

Under the relevant sections it states that the patient 's informed consent is required before certain designated treatments can be carried out .
under the relevant sections it states that the patient 's informed consent is [] before certain designated treatments can be carried out .

The choices being made by purchasers and providers will have an impact , and in some places extra resources may be required .
the choices being made by purchasers and providers will have an impact , and in some places extra resources may be [] .

One trial ( 25 patients ) also required transrectal ultrasonography of the prostate and a serological test for prostate specific antigen whereas the other ( 30 patients ) required further investigation only if malignancy was suspected clinically .
one trial ( 25 patients ) also [] transrectal ultrasonography of the prostate and a serological test for prostate specific antigen whereas the other ( 30 patients ) [] further investigation only if malignancy was suspected clinically .

Measurement of blood pressure in young adults , though required by the new general practitioner contract every three years from April 1991 , is still not established practice .
measurement of blood pressure in young adults , though [] by the new general practitioner contract every three years from april 1991 , is still not established practice .

No great manual dexterity is required to perform the technique , in that all these reactions go on by simply automatically heating and cooling without ever opening the reaction tube .
no great manual dexterity is [] to perform the technique , in that all these reactions go on by simply automatically heating and cooling without ever opening the reaction tube .

If medical education is to respond to modern developments in health care , we believe that more of this sort of teaching will be required .
if medical education is to respond to modern developments in health care , we believe that more of this sort of teaching will be [] .

The sheriff ( a judge in Scotland ) dismissed the appeal on the ground that at least some inpatient treatment was actually , and not merely potentially , required at the time the appeal was heard .
the sheriff ( a judge in scotland ) dismissed the appeal on the ground that at least some inpatient treatment was actually , and not merely potentially , [] at the time the appeal was heard .

Early postoperative complications were negligible , while three patients who were circumcised required reoperation for haemorrhage .
early postoperative complications were negligible , while three patients who were circumcised [] reoperation for haemorrhage .

While the support documentation required for a comprehensive paper based protocol would limit its use , a computer based system would be able to generate prompts for managing infrequent clinical scenarios in a user friendly way .
while the support documentation [] for a comprehensive paper based protocol would limit its use , a computer based system would be able to generate prompts for managing infrequent clinical scenarios in a user friendly way .

However , should you be called upon to speak at a grand , formal wedding you may feel that a more erudite speech is required .
however , should you be called upon to speak at a grand , formal wedding you may feel that a more erudite speech is [] .

All lone parents who claim benefits will be required to use the Agency to establish child support liabilities while non-claimants may choose whether or not to do so .
all lone parents who claim benefits will be [] to use the agency to establish child support liabilities while non-claimants may choose whether or not to do so .

Another reason why lone-parent families could gain very little from these new measures is simply that absent parents may not have incomes high enough to enable them to pay child support at the levels required .
another reason why lone-parent families could gain very little from these new measures is simply that absent parents may not have incomes high enough to enable them to pay child support at the levels [] .

Major changes are required in the structure and organisation of work to give women in general , and older women in particular , equal access to paid employment and , in addition , a genuine choice about retirement .
major changes are [] in the structure and organisation of work to give women in general , and older women in particular , equal access to paid employment and , in addition , a genuine choice about retirement .

Secondly , since many of the inequalities in pension provision derive from assumptions underlying the Beveridge social security system , an alternative approach is required if the poverty of older women is to be overcome .
secondly , since many of the inequalities in pension provision derive from assumptions underlying the beveridge social security system , an alternative approach is [] if the poverty of older women is to be overcome .

The eventual pensions received by women who participated in these inter-war schemes would have reflected their low and unequal pay as well as conditions of service which typically required women to retire much earlier than men , especially in private sector employment .
the eventual pensions received by women who participated in these inter-war schemes would have reflected their low and unequal pay as well as conditions of service which typically [] women to retire much earlier than men , especially in private sector employment .

Most employers have required women to retire from their jobs at a  normal  pensionable age of 60 , whereas a much greater number of men are permitted to remain until 65 , despite trends towards earlier retirement .
most employers have [] women to retire from their jobs at a  normal  pensionable age of 60 , whereas a much greater number of men are permitted to remain until 65 , despite trends towards earlier retirement .

When you write , we 'll tell you how to claim and what evidence is required .
when you write , we 'll tell you how to claim and what evidence is [] .

Interest rate : Where spreadsheet manuals tell you to insert the interest rate into a formula , you should use the required rate of return per period .
interest rate : where spreadsheet manuals tell you to insert the interest rate into a formula , you should use the [] rate of return per period .

With an efficient wicketkeeper to be included , it is clear that three or more allrounders are required .
with an efficient wicketkeeper to be included , it is clear that three or more allrounders are [] .

South African required 201 to win and , though Hudson ( 0 ) and Rushmere went cheaply , Wessels and Kirsten weathered the storm , posting 95 in 42 overs by the end of the fourth evening .
south african [] 201 to win and , though hudson ( 0 ) and rushmere went cheaply , wessels and kirsten weathered the storm , posting 95 in 42 overs by the end of the fourth evening .

Bateman claims he was told by Wessex Home Care he had to be licensed by his local authority , even though no such licence is required .
bateman claims he was told by wessex home care he had to be licensed by his local authority , even though no such licence is [] .

Colleagues regard Dick as a safe pair of hands who can be relied upon to step in when required .
colleagues regard dick as a safe pair of hands who can be relied upon to step in when [] .

Thus disabled viruses that can not reproduce themselves , suicide marker genes that can destroy cells containing the relevant vector when required , and close examination of clinical protocols by national ethical and scientific committees all help to limit potential problems .
thus disabled viruses that can not reproduce themselves , suicide marker genes that can destroy cells containing the relevant vector when [] , and close examination of clinical protocols by national ethical and scientific committees all help to limit potential problems .

The Water ( Fluoridation ) Act 1985 placed the responsibility for decisions on water fluoridation with district health authorities , who are required to consult locally before making a formal request to the water undertaker .
the water ( fluoridation ) act 1985 placed the responsibility for decisions on water fluoridation with district health authorities , who are [] to consult locally before making a formal request to the water undertaker .

For example , the chairman of Welsh Water stated recently that , in spite of assurances from the Drinking Water Inspectorate concerning the safety of fluoridation plant designed according to the Department of Environment 's code of practice , his company would not continue fluoridation on Anglesey or extend fluoridation into the rest of Wales unless required to do so by the secretary of state .
for example , the chairman of welsh water stated recently that , in spite of assurances from the drinking water inspectorate concerning the safety of fluoridation plant designed according to the department of environment 's code of practice , his company would not continue fluoridation on anglesey or extend fluoridation into the rest of wales unless [] to do so by the secretary of state .

 Further research , therefore , is required  to elucidate the reasons for these differences .
 further research , therefore , is []  to elucidate the reasons for these differences .

Our evidence suggests that a new approach to social stratification is required to assess health inequalities in childhood .
our evidence suggests that a new approach to social stratification is [] to assess health inequalities in childhood .

They were required to assess the importance of the 15 categories of information on a four point scale ( categories of essential , desirable , doubtful , and irrelevant ) .
they were [] to assess the importance of the 15 categories of information on a four point scale ( categories of essential , desirable , doubtful , and irrelevant ) .

It also seems that psychiatrists are sometimes unaware of the difficulties that general practitioners may face in obtaining the information required .
it also seems that psychiatrists are sometimes unaware of the difficulties that general practitioners may face in obtaining the information [] .

They have had to develop more detailed service costings than required by their main customers , the district health authorities , who were limited to the less information costly block contracts during the first year of the internal market .
they have had to develop more detailed service costings than [] by their main customers , the district health authorities , who were limited to the less information costly block contracts during the first year of the internal market .

Endothelial adhesion by leucocytes is also the first step in a range of adhesive interactions required in their tissue invasive response to inflammation .
endothelial adhesion by leucocytes is also the first step in a range of adhesive interactions [] in their tissue invasive response to inflammation .

Thus , low dependency psychiatric patients were replaced by patients who required much higher levels of staffing without a commensurate increase in funding .
thus , low dependency psychiatric patients were replaced by patients who [] much higher levels of staffing without a commensurate increase in funding .

By 1 April 1992 all local authorities and health boards in Scotland were required to produce community care plans .
by 1 april 1992 all local authorities and health boards in scotland were [] to produce community care plans .

It is abundantly clear that Mr Radice has two main objectives  to ensure that the Department of Health is required to give its reasons why a product licence for a medicine is granted , revoked , or suspended , and to ensure that patients are provided with better and more comprehensive information about the risks and benefits of the medicines that are prescribed for them .
it is abundantly clear that mr radice has two main objectives  to ensure that the department of health is [] to give its reasons why a product licence for a medicine is granted , revoked , or suspended , and to ensure that patients are provided with better and more comprehensive information about the risks and benefits of the medicines that are prescribed for them .

Seizures may be treated with intravenous benzodiazepines  for example , diazepam 2.55 mg  or short acting barbiturates  for example , sodium pentothal 2550 mg  and very large amounts of anticonvulsants may be required .
seizures may be treated with intravenous benzodiazepines  for example , diazepam 2.55 mg  or short acting barbiturates  for example , sodium pentothal 2550 mg  and very large amounts of anticonvulsants may be [] .

The left , in its turn , is appalled that people who are thrown out of work through no fault of their own should then be required to undertake slave labour to qualify for the benefits that are due to them .
the left , in its turn , is appalled that people who are thrown out of work through no fault of their own should then be [] to undertake slave labour to qualify for the benefits that are due to them .

Based on information of cycle length and cycle irregularity in the period before insemination only 9 % of the women in our study required clomiphene to regulate their cycle .
based on information of cycle length and cycle irregularity in the period before insemination only 9 % of the women in our study [] clomiphene to regulate their cycle .

At body weights close to the required minimum women may still have anovulatory cycles even if they are menstruating because of a lack of peripherally produced oestrogen in adipose tissue .
at body weights close to the [] minimum women may still have anovulatory cycles even if they are menstruating because of a lack of peripherally produced oestrogen in adipose tissue .

Both types of diary required entry of twice daily measures of peak expiry flow .
both types of diary [] entry of twice daily measures of peak expiry flow .

Subsequent events tended to recur at the time of intercurrent infections , at which time the flow rate of oxygen was increased ; none subsequently required cardiopulmonary resuscitation .
subsequent events tended to recur at the time of intercurrent infections , at which time the flow rate of oxygen was increased ; none subsequently [] cardiopulmonary resuscitation .

The patients were all detained under the Mental Health Act , required urgent surgery or invasive investigation , and were , in the opinion of the surgical team , unable to give informed consent .
the patients were all detained under the mental health act , [] urgent surgery or invasive investigation , and were , in the opinion of the surgical team , unable to give informed consent .

What the legal force and effect of any such directive might be is uncertain ; it is unclear whether health care staff are required to carry out the terms of the directive or whether those who act in good faith with the terms of the directive are immune from civil or criminal prosecution .
what the legal force and effect of any such directive might be is uncertain ; it is unclear whether health care staff are [] to carry out the terms of the directive or whether those who act in good faith with the terms of the directive are immune from civil or criminal prosecution .

Only 52 % required a qualification or further training in asthma management , while 86 % accepted that the nurse 's role included adjustment of therapy according to practice protocols .
only 52 % [] a qualification or further training in asthma management , while 86 % accepted that the nurse 's role included adjustment of therapy according to practice protocols .

We could not identify all such workers as complete records have not survived and instead used the closest approximations possible  namely , records incorporating home address of all those ( more than 17000 ) attending the medical centre at the Sullom Voe oil terminal in Shetland during its construction phase ( believed to represent a high proportion of all but short stay workers ) ; 3500 construction workers at the Flotta oil terminal in Orkney ( incomplete data ) ; and more than 10000 offshore workers , being all those who obtained an offshore survival certificate ( required for such work ) in Scotland in the period from June 1976 ( the earliest date for which records have not been destroyed ) to 1980 .
we could not identify all such workers as complete records have not survived and instead used the closest approximations possible  namely , records incorporating home address of all those ( more than 17000 ) attending the medical centre at the sullom voe oil terminal in shetland during its construction phase ( believed to represent a high proportion of all but short stay workers ) ; 3500 construction workers at the flotta oil terminal in orkney ( incomplete data ) ; and more than 10000 offshore workers , being all those who obtained an offshore survival certificate ( [] for such work ) in scotland in the period from june 1976 ( the earliest date for which records have not been destroyed ) to 1980 .

For all this to take place in so remote an area required not only payment of high wages but elaborate logistic arrangements on a massive scale , particularly with the strict conditions laid down by the Shetlands Islands Council to protect both the environment and the local way of life .
for all this to take place in so remote an area [] not only payment of high wages but elaborate logistic arrangements on a massive scale , particularly with the strict conditions laid down by the shetlands islands council to protect both the environment and the local way of life .

Data were also excluded when the child developed severe obstructive symptoms from enlargement of the adenoids or tonsils , often with sleep apnoea that required surgical treatment , and when surgery was required to the unoperated ear  for example , insertion of a ventilation tube for severe collapse of the tympanic membrane or for treatment of cholesteatoma .
data were also excluded when the child developed severe obstructive symptoms from enlargement of the adenoids or tonsils , often with sleep apnoea that [] surgical treatment , and when surgery was [] to the unoperated ear  for example , insertion of a ventilation tube for severe collapse of the tympanic membrane or for treatment of cholesteatoma .

During the follow up a mean of 2.48 ( 1.39 ) tubes were required to maintain adequate hearing ability in those treated with tubes alone compared with a mean of 1.52 ( 0.85 ) in the children also receiving adenoidectomy .
during the follow up a mean of 2.48 ( 1.39 ) tubes were [] to maintain adequate hearing ability in those treated with tubes alone compared with a mean of 1.52 ( 0.85 ) in the children also receiving adenoidectomy .

Parents should , however , be advised that repeat treatment may be required , particularly when insertion is carried out alone .
parents should , however , be advised that repeat treatment may be [] , particularly when insertion is carried out alone .

Within the specialty of mental health the central coordinating function was first recognised formally in the United States by the Community Mental Health Centers Act ( 1963 ) and its 1975 amendments , which explicitly required the centres to link with other agencies providing care for long term patients .
within the specialty of mental health the central coordinating function was first recognised formally in the united states by the community mental health centers act ( 1963 ) and its 1975 amendments , which explicitly [] the centres to link with other agencies providing care for long term patients .

In practice case management for people with long term mental illness has developed into a range of techniques that can be described along 12 different axes ( box 2 ) , which aim to ensure that patients with long term psychiatric disorders receive consistent and continuing services for as long as they are required and that services do not focus inappropriately on patients with less severe conditions .
in practice case management for people with long term mental illness has developed into a range of techniques that can be described along 12 different axes ( box 2 ) , which aim to ensure that patients with long term psychiatric disorders receive consistent and continuing services for as long as they are [] and that services do not focus inappropriately on patients with less severe conditions .

In many cases , however , there are still important gaps between the services required and those available .
in many cases , however , there are still important gaps between the services [] and those available .

And , for the current volleys of reforms to hit their targets , several extra initiatives will be required .
and , for the current volleys of reforms to hit their targets , several extra initiatives will be [] .

This is particularly important should short term ventilation be required , and antibiotic therapy should never be withheld while the results of investigations are awaited .
this is particularly important should short term ventilation be [] , and antibiotic therapy should never be withheld while the results of investigations are awaited .

All state and federal health ministries will also be required to review their work in the light of these goals and targets .
all state and federal health ministries will also be [] to review their work in the light of these goals and targets .

The investments required are obviously large , but the strategy makes clear that the choice of whether to invest , as well as the amount and source of the investment , is a local one .
the investments [] are obviously large , but the strategy makes clear that the choice of whether to invest , as well as the amount and source of the investment , is a local one .

To take but one of many examples , there is a single code to represent all the variations on the Charnley hip replacement procedure  quite adequate for most statistical purposes but falling short of the detail required for audit and for many of the uses to which medical records are put .
to take but one of many examples , there is a single code to represent all the variations on the charnley hip replacement procedure  quite adequate for most statistical purposes but falling short of the detail [] for audit and for many of the uses to which medical records are put .

As with all scientific endeavour , however , it is essential to have a clear vision of the true goal and to have critically appraised the steps required to achieve it .
as with all scientific endeavour , however , it is essential to have a clear vision of the true goal and to have critically appraised the steps [] to achieve it .

There may be a change in the balance between junior staff posts and consultant posts , which is the basis of the advisory committee 's calculation of the number of trainees required .
there may be a change in the balance between junior staff posts and consultant posts , which is the basis of the advisory committee 's calculation of the number of trainees [] .

The next development was of those which required a larger number of people to build them and became corporate activities and into which the community cattle and goods could be taken and defended .
the next development was of those which [] a larger number of people to build them and became corporate activities and into which the community cattle and goods could be taken and defended .

The next development was of those which required a larger number of people to build them and became corporate activities and into which the community cattle and goods could be taken and defended .
the next development was of those which [] a larger number of people to build them and became corporate activities and into which the community cattle and goods could be taken and defended .

1814 " This Meeting knowing that they are Bound to pay the Carriage of the articles required for building the Church of Kildaltan  Stent the Parish of Kildaltan in the ascertained sum  "
1814 " this meeting knowing that they are bound to pay the carriage of the articles [] for building the church of kildaltan  stent the parish of kildaltan in the ascertained sum  "

7101874 The trustees of the late James Bannatyne had made a grant of 100 to assist in employing a Catechist and the money was lodged with the Greenock Board of Police at 4 % interest , to be drawn as required .
7101874 the trustees of the late james bannatyne had made a grant of 100 to assist in employing a catechist and the money was lodged with the greenock board of police at 4 % interest , to be drawn as [] .

 This quotation from Working for Patients shows that health authorities are required to determine the needs of their populations and the services required to meet them .
 this quotation from working for patients shows that health authorities are [] to determine the needs of their populations and the services [] to meet them .

These considerations indicate that well designed studies of the clinical effectiveness of appropriate treatment with oxygen in the prevention of death of hypoxaemic infants and children in hospital are now required .
these considerations indicate that well designed studies of the clinical effectiveness of appropriate treatment with oxygen in the prevention of death of hypoxaemic infants and children in hospital are now [] .

If 10 % 15 % of the total activity is carried out in private practice and a similar proportion is carried out by trainees without the direct supervision of a consultant then one consultant is required for approximately 30000 population .
if 10 % 15 % of the total activity is carried out in private practice and a similar proportion is carried out by trainees without the direct supervision of a consultant then one consultant is [] for approximately 30000 population .

Under the Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Regulations the employer is required to ensure safe working practices , but recent studies have led to serious reservations about the reliability of this two tier system for venepuncture .
under the control of substances hazardous to health regulations the employer is [] to ensure safe working practices , but recent studies have led to serious reservations about the reliability of this two tier system for venepuncture .

As the resources required to meet all demands are likely to exceed those available to society the ethical questions arise in decisions on what can be afforded , in terms of both the total amount of resources to be spent on health care compared with other demands such as education or housing and the distribution of those resources .
as the resources [] to meet all demands are likely to exceed those available to society the ethical questions arise in decisions on what can be afforded , in terms of both the total amount of resources to be spent on health care compared with other demands such as education or housing and the distribution of those resources .

Should the entry qualification be to do with difficult behaviour rather than severity , or is required level of care the most important factor ?
should the entry qualification be to do with difficult behaviour rather than severity , or is [] level of care the most important factor ?

include : memory changes behavioural changes incapacity to deal with financial matters pandering aggression paranoia damage to property ( fire , flooding ) lack of cleanliness or hygiene 3. identification may be made by : concerned family or friends caring or complaining neighbours housing officials ( required to deal with `` antisocial `` behaviour or nonpayment of rent ) police environmental health officers health professionals social worker lawyer creditors ( eg private landlords ) 3.4 There is a need to raise the general level of awareness of the general public and all professional groups about dementia .
include : memory changes behavioural changes incapacity to deal with financial matters pandering aggression paranoia damage to property ( fire , flooding ) lack of cleanliness or hygiene 3. identification may be made by : concerned family or friends caring or complaining neighbours housing officials ( [] to deal with `` antisocial `` behaviour or nonpayment of rent ) police environmental health officers health professionals social worker lawyer creditors ( eg private landlords ) 3.4 there is a need to raise the general level of awareness of the general public and all professional groups about dementia .

Formerly it was sufficient that attention might be required at night ; now repeated attention is required involving a carer being awake for a prolonged period or at frequent intervals .
formerly it was sufficient that attention might be [] at night ; now repeated attention is [] involving a carer being awake for a prolonged period or at frequent intervals .

The broad categories of tasks which are required to support them are understood .
the broad categories of tasks which are [] to support them are understood .

It is rather an attempt to move from a clearer understanding of support tasks to the organisation of skill ( and staff ) mixes required to perform support tasks .
it is rather an attempt to move from a clearer understanding of support tasks to the organisation of skill ( and staff ) mixes [] to perform support tasks .

However , the provision of such a small resource on a cost-effective basis is open to debate , particularly when small facilities would be required for those with functional illness , physical illness and social problems .
however , the provision of such a small resource on a cost-effective basis is open to debate , particularly when small facilities would be [] for those with functional illness , physical illness and social problems .

While it is difficult to be firm about the exact numbers required , the generally accepted `` bed norm `` in Scotland for geriatric psychiatry beds specifically for the confused elderly is as recommended in Timbury , that is to say 10 beds per 1,000 population aged 65+ .
while it is difficult to be firm about the exact numbers [] , the generally accepted `` bed norm `` in scotland for geriatric psychiatry beds specifically for the confused elderly is as recommended in timbury , that is to say 10 beds per 1,000 population aged 65+ .

Such was the enthusiasm and unanimity of the delegates of the steering committee that it required only two meetings to complete their task .
such was the enthusiasm and unanimity of the delegates of the steering committee that it [] only two meetings to complete their task .

After lengthy discussion this was approved , subject to a number of points which required further consideration and were stood over to a further meeting .
after lengthy discussion this was approved , subject to a number of points which [] further consideration and were stood over to a further meeting .

Three weeks later , at a time when the imperialist war thesis was very much in the ascendency , he was more specific : The French communists lacked the necessary cynicism and the capacity for political deception that would have been required to gain the maximum benefit from a dangerous diplomatic operation .
three weeks later , at a time when the imperialist war thesis was very much in the ascendency , he was more specific : the french communists lacked the necessary cynicism and the capacity for political deception that would have been [] to gain the maximum benefit from a dangerous diplomatic operation .

Nizan is always willing to oblige with the battering ram technique , if required .
nizan is always willing to oblige with the battering ram technique , if [] .

Zhdanov , for example , gave prominence to the ideological task of promoting socialist construction within Soviet society , a task that required the writer to transform him/herself into an `` engineer of the human soul `` , by infusing his/her writings with a spirit of `` revolutionary romanticism `` originating in the teachings of Lenin and Stalin , and by adopting an explicitly `` tendentious `` , anti-bourgeois , anti-fascist stance .
zhdanov , for example , gave prominence to the ideological task of promoting socialist construction within soviet society , a task that [] the writer to transform him/herself into an `` engineer of the human soul `` , by infusing his/her writings with a spirit of `` revolutionary romanticism `` originating in the teachings of lenin and stalin , and by adopting an explicitly `` tendentious `` , anti-bourgeois , anti-fascist stance .

The possibility that a new , revolutionary technique might be required to portray the multi-faceted processes of historical change is implicitly denied in Lukacs 's system .
the possibility that a new , revolutionary technique might be [] to portray the multi-faceted processes of historical change is implicitly denied in lukacs 's system .

Unlike the realist novelists of the nineteenth century , writers such as Balzac , Stendhal , Flaubert and Zola , who were called upon to depict individuals and social groups operating within a relatively stable , homogeneous society , the contemporary realist writer was required to portray a society in a state of turbulence , transformation and fundamental realignment .
unlike the realist novelists of the nineteenth century , writers such as balzac , stendhal , flaubert and zola , who were called upon to depict individuals and social groups operating within a relatively stable , homogeneous society , the contemporary realist writer was [] to portray a society in a state of turbulence , transformation and fundamental realignment .

With flash , burning in is still required to balance a print .
with flash , burning in is still [] to balance a print .

Some pictures in his portfolio required even more patience than that .
some pictures in his portfolio [] even more patience than that .

The years spent at Cass enabled Rod Morris to evolve at his own pace and allowed his intuition the subtle space it required .
the years spent at cass enabled rod morris to evolve at his own pace and allowed his intuition the subtle space it [] .

Equipment was bulky and heavy and the process required a lot of fiddly manipulation .
equipment was bulky and heavy and the process [] a lot of fiddly manipulation .

However , permission to photograph with tripod in the Chinese Garden is required , and may be obtained from the Manager , who is usually at the location  otherwise , permission-seeking may involve a visit to the Harbour Authorities .
however , permission to photograph with tripod in the chinese garden is [] , and may be obtained from the manager , who is usually at the location  otherwise , permission-seeking may involve a visit to the harbour authorities .

No permission is required to photograph the monoline , unless you elect to do this inside a station .
no permission is [] to photograph the monoline , unless you elect to do this inside a station .

Eleven required a second try , of whom nine achieved dryness .
eleven [] a second try , of whom nine achieved dryness .

Thirdly , if further treatment is required reuse the same drug whenever possible .
thirdly , if further treatment is [] reuse the same drug whenever possible .

Individuals need to be persuaded that a concerted approach and a specific commitment of resources are required .
individuals need to be persuaded that a concerted approach and a specific commitment of resources are [] .

Studies are currently under way to determine the role of the laryngeal mask in emergency medicine and the degree of training required to ensure its safe application in this area .
studies are currently under way to determine the role of the laryngeal mask in emergency medicine and the degree of training [] to ensure its safe application in this area .

Twenty two required biopsies but in only three cases was the final diagnosis different from that initially suggested by the consultant .
twenty two [] biopsies but in only three cases was the final diagnosis different from that initially suggested by the consultant .

It sprang from two beliefs : that a radical review of provision of primary care was required and that no established procedure should remain unquestioned .
it sprang from two beliefs : that a radical review of provision of primary care was [] and that no established procedure should remain unquestioned .

What is required is an explication of the principle under which they both can be classified under the same species of item .
what is [] is an explication of the principle under which they both can be classified under the same species of item .

The point is that a statement to the effect that a given concept is non-empty presupposes an understanding of `` existence `` rather than enabling us to grasp its meaning ; unless , of course , the concept is such that its non-emptiness analytically follows from its meaning , in which case all that is required is to understand the concept .
the point is that a statement to the effect that a given concept is non-empty presupposes an understanding of `` existence `` rather than enabling us to grasp its meaning ; unless , of course , the concept is such that its non-emptiness analytically follows from its meaning , in which case all that is [] is to understand the concept .

Yet no great effort of imagination is required to described Jones meaningfully and accurately as either being like those who are Tolstoy-liking or not being like those who are Tolstoy-liking .
yet no great effort of imagination is [] to described jones meaningfully and accurately as either being like those who are tolstoy-liking or not being like those who are tolstoy-liking .

 They 're built to cope with the largest demand , although most of the time that demand is simply not required .
 they 're built to cope with the largest demand , although most of the time that demand is simply not [] .

It typically presents the graphic designer with the formidable task of squeezing quarts into pint pots : a lengthy , formal statement that ca n't be edited down ; legally required fine-print detail and tables of crucial figures that may or may not be felicitously depicted as graphs , pie-charts or bar-charts of one sort or another .
it typically presents the graphic designer with the formidable task of squeezing quarts into pint pots : a lengthy , formal statement that ca n't be edited down ; legally [] fine-print detail and tables of crucial figures that may or may not be felicitously depicted as graphs , pie-charts or bar-charts of one sort or another .

If surgery for genuine stress incontinence is required suprapubic surgery is generally more likely than vaginal surgery to make the patient continent , although the risk of complications is higher .
if surgery for genuine stress incontinence is [] suprapubic surgery is generally more likely than vaginal surgery to make the patient continent , although the risk of complications is higher .

Ten to 15 years of follow up is required , in a population with considerable competing risks of death .
ten to 15 years of follow up is [] , in a population with considerable competing risks of death .

We estimate that 150000 men aged 60 to 74 would be required in an evaluative trial for it to have an 80 % chance of showing a 20 % reduction in mortality over the ensuing 10 years , significant at the 5 % level .
we estimate that 150000 men aged 60 to 74 would be [] in an evaluative trial for it to have an 80 % chance of showing a 20 % reduction in mortality over the ensuing 10 years , significant at the 5 % level .

Pressures were now underway for decolonisation and , in any case , the economic exploitation of the colonies would have required a massive capital outlay which Europe could not possibly finance .
pressures were now underway for decolonisation and , in any case , the economic exploitation of the colonies would have [] a massive capital outlay which europe could not possibly finance .

As each excavator removes a layer of soil , decisions have to be constantly made : whether that soil is part of the layer which has just been removed or part of another layer ; where the boundaries to that layer are ; what the relationship of the layer is to the adjoining layers ; whether a soil sample is required ; and so on .
as each excavator removes a layer of soil , decisions have to be constantly made : whether that soil is part of the layer which has just been removed or part of another layer ; where the boundaries to that layer are ; what the relationship of the layer is to the adjoining layers ; whether a soil sample is [] ; and so on .

Some specialists will both advise on which sherds are to be drawn and will do the drawings required , but otherwise the selected sherds are sent to an archaeological illustrator while the reports for archive and for publication are returned to the excavator .
some specialists will both advise on which sherds are to be drawn and will do the drawings [] , but otherwise the selected sherds are sent to an archaeological illustrator while the reports for archive and for publication are returned to the excavator .

Sustained collaboration was usually initiated by pupils themselves , or else it required the presence of the teacher for all or part of the time .
sustained collaboration was usually initiated by pupils themselves , or else it [] the presence of the teacher for all or part of the time .

The Sutton pupils quickly noticed that Russells Hall pupils , whom they had imagined would be perfect writers and illustrators , sought help from the teachers and each other and often found it difficult to locate required information .
the sutton pupils quickly noticed that russells hall pupils , whom they had imagined would be perfect writers and illustrators , sought help from the teachers and each other and often found it difficult to locate [] information .

It would have been easy to instruct the interviewees to give extended answers to questions that only required a yes or no response .
it would have been easy to instruct the interviewees to give extended answers to questions that only [] a yes or no response .

It was a salutary experience for many pupils to hear , during a collaborative writing session , a whole series of vivid images and even a suggestion about what is required in order to create poetry , forcefully expressed by a Sutton pupil .
it was a salutary experience for many pupils to hear , during a collaborative writing session , a whole series of vivid images and even a suggestion about what is [] in order to create poetry , forcefully expressed by a sutton pupil .

The difference in focus between these two models of support inevitably generates a different set of criteria with which to evaluate them , since it is the aim of the work that determines the criteria required .
the difference in focus between these two models of support inevitably generates a different set of criteria with which to evaluate them , since it is the aim of the work that determines the criteria [] .

Third , because the sort of classroom conditions required for it to be effective are simply not widely enough available in most secondary schools ( and maybe some primary schools ) at the present time .
third , because the sort of classroom conditions [] for it to be effective are simply not widely enough available in most secondary schools ( and maybe some primary schools ) at the present time .

What is required , therefore , is a combination of the two approaches , and it is through support teaching that this combination can be most effectively achieved .
what is [] , therefore , is a combination of the two approaches , and it is through support teaching that this combination can be most effectively achieved .

The party considered that a building programme of 11 000 new dwellings over a 5-year period was required of which 3000 were needed to deal with slum clearance , 2000 to clear the priority waiting lists and a further 6000 for general waiting list applications .
the party considered that a building programme of 11 000 new dwellings over a 5-year period was [] of which 3000 were needed to deal with slum clearance , 2000 to clear the priority waiting lists and a further 6000 for general waiting list applications .

Some theorists , on the other hand , feel that the orthodox household confines heterosexual sexuality too much and that what is required are more  open marriages  in which the partners are free to experiment sexually .
some theorists , on the other hand , feel that the orthodox household confines heterosexual sexuality too much and that what is [] are more  open marriages  in which the partners are free to experiment sexually .

The Luton families studied had relatively little free time left after work , given the multifarious activities required to keep a house , garden and car even minimally organized .
the luton families studied had relatively little free time left after work , given the multifarious activities [] to keep a house , garden and car even minimally organized .

It has become clear over the years that a level of formality is required for fair and impartial decision making , though it is equally clear that proper decision making does not always require ritual conduct or observance of the formal rules of evidence .
it has become clear over the years that a level of formality is [] for fair and impartial decision making , though it is equally clear that proper decision making does not always require ritual conduct or observance of the formal rules of evidence .

The two members were required to be impartial ; they were not representatives of the interests of employers and employees .
the two members were [] to be impartial ; they were not representatives of the interests of employers and employees .

It remains open to claimants and the adjudication officer to cite unreported cases , but advance notice of their intention to do so is required .
it remains open to claimants and the adjudication officer to cite unreported cases , but advance notice of their intention to do so is [] .

Thus , provided that an employer gave the notice required by the contract , the employer was free to terminate an employee 's contract .
thus , provided that an employer gave the notice [] by the contract , the employer was free to terminate an employee 's contract .

The tribunal is required to determine whether the employer acted reasonably or unreasonably in treating the established reason for dismissal as sufficient reason for dismissing the employee , having regard to equity and the substantial merits of the case and to the size and administrative resources of the employer 's undertaking .
the tribunal is [] to determine whether the employer acted reasonably or unreasonably in treating the established reason for dismissal as sufficient reason for dismissing the employee , having regard to equity and the substantial merits of the case and to the size and administrative resources of the employer 's undertaking .

The understanding of the interaction of statute and case law required in this area is no different from that required in many cases pursued in the county courts and High Court .
the understanding of the interaction of statute and case law [] in this area is no different from that [] in many cases pursued in the county courts and high court .

This is not a criticism of the tribunals themselves , which contain some valuable devices to assist employees , but of the failure to provide the required assistance to employees to enable them to pursue their claims effectively .
this is not a criticism of the tribunals themselves , which contain some valuable devices to assist employees , but of the failure to provide the [] assistance to employees to enable them to pursue their claims effectively .

Once the distinction between review and supervision is understood , the reasoning behind the conditions required for leap-frog appeals becomes more readily understandable .
once the distinction between review and supervision is understood , the reasoning behind the conditions [] for leap-frog appeals becomes more readily understandable .

The use of a written procedure was pioneered in the House of Lords where each party has for some years been required to lodge a  Case  with the court which is very similar to the skeleton arguments more recently introduced in the Court of Appeal .
the use of a written procedure was pioneered in the house of lords where each party has for some years been [] to lodge a  case  with the court which is very similar to the skeleton arguments more recently introduced in the court of appeal .

Trial judges are not required to grant certificates where the conditions are met ; they simply have power to grant certificates .
trial judges are not [] to grant certificates where the conditions are met ; they simply have power to grant certificates .

Only that part of the judgment classified as binding authority is required to be followed in a similar later case .
only that part of the judgment classified as binding authority is [] to be followed in a similar later case .

The existence of these characteristics required the independence of the profession from interference by government .
the existence of these characteristics [] the independence of the profession from interference by government .

Once admitted , the solicitor is required to maintain a practising certificate , for which a substantial annual fee is charged .
once admitted , the solicitor is [] to maintain a practising certificate , for which a substantial annual fee is charged .

All solicitors other than employed solicitors are also required to take out compulsory professional indemnity insurance as a condition of the grant of the annual practising certificate .
all solicitors other than employed solicitors are also [] to take out compulsory professional indemnity insurance as a condition of the grant of the annual practising certificate .

Each set of chambers is required to have at least one clerk , who performs the functions of office administrator and accountant , business manager and agent .
each set of chambers is [] to have at least one clerk , who performs the functions of office administrator and accountant , business manager and agent .

The lengthy period of training required for admission to either branch of the profession has a socializing effect on entrants to the profession .
the lengthy period of training [] for admission to either branch of the profession has a socializing effect on entrants to the profession .

It seems inevitable that the social profile of lawyers is going to be markedly different from that of society at large because the social profile of persons attaining the level of educational achievement required for admission to higher education does not itself correspond with that of the whole community .
it seems inevitable that the social profile of lawyers is going to be markedly different from that of society at large because the social profile of persons attaining the level of educational achievement [] for admission to higher education does not itself correspond with that of the whole community .

If the client is happy to pay any contribution required , the solicitor is authorized to provide up to two hours of work .
if the client is happy to pay any contribution [] , the solicitor is authorized to provide up to two hours of work .

Because our lord the king had great zeal and desire to redress the state of the realm in such things as required amendment for the common profit of Holy Church and of the realm ; and because the state of Holy Church had been evil kept and the prelates and religious persons of the land grieved many ways , and the people otherwise entreated than they ought to be , and the peace less kept , and the laws less used , and the offenders less punished than they ought to be .
because our lord the king had great zeal and desire to redress the state of the realm in such things as [] amendment for the common profit of holy church and of the realm ; and because the state of holy church had been evil kept and the prelates and religious persons of the land grieved many ways , and the people otherwise entreated than they ought to be , and the peace less kept , and the laws less used , and the offenders less punished than they ought to be .

For the cures of souls which they retained , they were required to provide an adequate deputy to serve the parish or parishes .
for the cures of souls which they retained , they were [] to provide an adequate deputy to serve the parish or parishes .

In defence of church liberties Pecham also decreed at Reading that Magna Carta was to be posted in every cathedral and collegiate church in the land and expounded in every parish church each Sunday ; violators , particularly those who resorted to writs of prohibition , or seized or wasted church property , or neglected to arrest unreconciled offenders when required to do so , were to be excommunicated .
in defence of church liberties pecham also decreed at reading that magna carta was to be posted in every cathedral and collegiate church in the land and expounded in every parish church each sunday ; violators , particularly those who resorted to writs of prohibition , or seized or wasted church property , or neglected to arrest unreconciled offenders when [] to do so , were to be excommunicated .

Difficulty arose when Pecham in attempting to enforce reforming measures required sheriffs and others to act against the king 's own servants and clerks , but it should be remembered that , overwhelmingly , cooperation characterized this procedure in Edward 's reign .
difficulty arose when pecham in attempting to enforce reforming measures [] sheriffs and others to act against the king 's own servants and clerks , but it should be remembered that , overwhelmingly , cooperation characterized this procedure in edward 's reign .

This provision was , as the chapter itself states , analogous to the provision in chapter 21 of the same statute , that when the recipient of land devised for rent failed over two years to pay the rent or to fulfil the conditions required by the lord , that land should be recoverable by the lord .
this provision was , as the chapter itself states , analogous to the provision in chapter 21 of the same statute , that when the recipient of land devised for rent failed over two years to pay the rent or to fulfil the conditions [] by the lord , that land should be recoverable by the lord .

In 1272 Kilwardby , in 1399 Salmon of Norwich , and in 1303 Gainsborough of Worcester were all required to take an oath to receive their lands at the king 's pleasure and not by papal grant , an oath which was thereafter usual whenever a bishop obtained his see by provision .
in 1272 kilwardby , in 1399 salmon of norwich , and in 1303 gainsborough of worcester were all [] to take an oath to receive their lands at the king 's pleasure and not by papal grant , an oath which was thereafter usual whenever a bishop obtained his see by provision .

Although the presence of the proctors was probably in order to assent to the lay taxes which fell upon the clergy 's temporalities , from 1341 at least they were no longer required to attend ; they were still summoned , but their absence from parliament was not deemed prejudicial to the king , no doubt because it could no longer delay or frustrate clerical taxation which was now in the hands of another body .
although the presence of the proctors was probably in order to assent to the lay taxes which fell upon the clergy 's temporalities , from 1341 at least they were no longer [] to attend ; they were still summoned , but their absence from parliament was not deemed prejudicial to the king , no doubt because it could no longer delay or frustrate clerical taxation which was now in the hands of another body .

, in Woozley , 1953 ) , this leaves us with no method of explaining why certainty should be required before one can claim knowledge when it is not required for knowledge itself , i.e .
, in woozley , 1953 ) , this leaves us with no method of explaining why certainty should be [] before one can claim knowledge when it is not [] for knowledge itself , i.e .

An answer might be that a false belief that p is relevant in the required sense if , had the believer believed instead that  p , his belief that q would cease to have been justified .
an answer might be that a false belief that p is relevant in the [] sense if , had the believer believed instead that  p , his belief that q would cease to have been justified .

This is similar to the way in which the causal theory worked , but in that case the relation required was specifically a causal relation .
this is similar to the way in which the causal theory worked , but in that case the relation [] was specifically a causal relation .

The theory therefore analyses the certainty required for a knowledge claim as the belief that the two subjunctive conditionals are satisfied .
the theory therefore analyses the certainty [] for a knowledge claim as the belief that the two subjunctive conditionals are satisfied .

Suppose that we work with the causal example ; it is required for knowledge that the fourth clause be true , but not that a have any inkling that the fourth clause be true .
suppose that we work with the causal example ; it is [] for knowledge that the fourth clause be true , but not that a have any inkling that the fourth clause be true .

Wittgenstein argued that the solipsist can not develop rules in the way required , and hence can not construct a language ; and we conclude from this that a certain programme in epistemology is not going to be available .
wittgenstein argued that the solipsist can not develop rules in the way [] , and hence can not construct a language ; and we conclude from this that a certain programme in epistemology is not going to be available .

How does the witness assess the amount of detail required ?
how does the witness assess the amount of detail [] ?

Firstly , it is hard to explain what is required , and secondly jumbling sentence perspectives is also likely to involve the complex forms of the English clause .
firstly , it is hard to explain what is [] , and secondly jumbling sentence perspectives is also likely to involve the complex forms of the english clause .

It is clear that more than simply reproducing the words in their correct order is required .
it is clear that more than simply reproducing the words in their correct order is [] .

There is a general expectation that people will not remember detailed facts correctly if they are only exposed to them in the spoken mode , especially if they are required to remember them over an extended period of time .
there is a general expectation that people will not remember detailed facts correctly if they are only exposed to them in the spoken mode , especially if they are [] to remember them over an extended period of time .

Make your conversational contribution such as is required , at the stage at which it occurs , by the accepted purpose or direction of the talk exchange in which you are engaged .
make your conversational contribution such as is [] , at the stage at which it occurs , by the accepted purpose or direction of the talk exchange in which you are engaged .

Quantity : Make your contribution as informative as is required ( for the current purposes of the exchange ) .
quantity : make your contribution as informative as is [] ( for the current purposes of the exchange ) .

Do not make your contribution more informative than is required .
do not make your contribution more informative than is [] .

What is required is a characterisation of  topic  which would allow each of the possible expressions , including titles , to be considered ( partially ) correct , thus incorporating all reasonable judgements of  what is being talked about  .
what is [] is a characterisation of  topic  which would allow each of the possible expressions , including titles , to be considered ( partially ) correct , thus incorporating all reasonable judgements of  what is being talked about  .

As a way of characterising the type of feature which will be required in a topic framework , we shall examine a fragment of conversational discourse and try to determine what is  being talked about  .
as a way of characterising the type of feature which will be [] in a topic framework , we shall examine a fragment of conversational discourse and try to determine what is  being talked about  .

This simple set of features which we have claimed are necessary for a discussion of topic are required , quite independently of topic considerations , in any form of discourse analysis .
this simple set of features which we have claimed are necessary for a discussion of topic are [] , quite independently of topic considerations , in any form of discourse analysis .

We have introduced some basic components which would be required in a characterisation of the topic framework for any discourse fragment .
we have introduced some basic components which would be [] in a characterisation of the topic framework for any discourse fragment .

We are describing only that activated part which is required in the analysis of the discourse fragment under consideration .
we are describing only that activated part which is [] in the analysis of the discourse fragment under consideration .

The most a discourse analyst could say about a discourse fragment such as the sentence in ( 8 ) above is that Mary is potentially part of the topic of the discourse in which ( 8 ) occurred , but more information is required , as indeed is also the case for both extracts ( 6 ) and ( 7 ) .
the most a discourse analyst could say about a discourse fragment such as the sentence in ( 8 ) above is that mary is potentially part of the topic of the discourse in which ( 8 ) occurred , but more information is [] , as indeed is also the case for both extracts ( 6 ) and ( 7 ) .

Considering the technical complexities required , televised science fiction has frequently earned less than proportionately balanced critical response .
considering the technical complexities [] , televised science fiction has frequently earned less than proportionately balanced critical response .

The relative complexity of the Visual Effects required a far greater use of filmed inserts .
the relative complexity of the visual effects [] a far greater use of filmed inserts .

 So , we required a new programme that would bridge the state of mind of sports fans , and the teenage pop music audience , while attracting and holding the children 's audience accustomed to their Saturday afternoon serial .
 so , we [] a new programme that would bridge the state of mind of sports fans , and the teenage pop music audience , while attracting and holding the children 's audience accustomed to their saturday afternoon serial .

Firstly it would demonstrate to prospective freelance writers the type of material required .
firstly it would demonstrate to prospective freelance writers the type of material [] .

The sheer number of sets required per week made this story something of a Designer 's nightmare for Raymond Cusick .
the sheer number of sets [] per week made this story something of a designer 's nightmare for raymond cusick .

Directly below this arm , also emerging from one of the circular indents on the midriff , was the gun , suggesting each circle was a panel behind which lay other implements the Dalek might use if required .
directly below this arm , also emerging from one of the circular indents on the midriff , was the gun , suggesting each circle was a panel behind which lay other implements the dalek might use if [] .

But doing this required mounting each Dalek onto a specially enlarged fender frame to hide the pneumatic-tyred tricycle underneath .
but doing this [] mounting each dalek onto a specially enlarged fender frame to hide the pneumatic-tyred tricycle underneath .

, all required to work in a live environment , it 's tantamount to doing a live stage production really .
, all [] to work in a live environment , it 's tantamount to doing a live stage production really .

The operator inside was required to raise up , manually , the speech box lid mechanism and to actuate the three flashing lights whenever the robot spoke .
the operator inside was [] to raise up , manually , the speech box lid mechanism and to actuate the three flashing lights whenever the robot spoke .

Using this technique required one camera pointed at the live set , another pointed at an easel bearing a large , mounted photograph a caption slide .
using this technique [] one camera pointed at the live set , another pointed at an easel bearing a large , mounted photograph a caption slide .

To do the Inlay shot required mixing film footage of the city with live action of the Doctor 's party .
to do the inlay shot [] mixing film footage of the city with live action of the doctor 's party .

This , in turn , required a gallery-controlled Telecine Transfer .
this , in turn , [] a gallery-controlled telecine transfer .

As to how Susan would be played when not required to scream , the initial sales pitch was glowing in the extreme :
as to how susan would be played when not [] to scream , the initial sales pitch was glowing in the extreme :

However , as Carole Ann Ford pointed out , anyone viewing the episode with hindsight can easily spot signs of great anxiety among several of the cast required to cross that gaping ravine .
however , as carole ann ford pointed out , anyone viewing the episode with hindsight can easily spot signs of great anxiety among several of the cast [] to cross that gaping ravine .

This reflects , primarily , the client 's objectives for the brand  what are the targets , in terms of sales , market share , consumer purchasing and usage ? But to these targets needs to be added an analysis of what must be achieved in order to obtain them , in terms of both the behaviour and attitude of consumers : and of more functional matters such as ( for example ) greatly improved distribution  to put it in what is , from the agency 's point of view , the most defensive way possible , it is too easy to blame the advertising when the sales force has failed to achieve the necessary levels of retail distribution to support the required sales .
this reflects , primarily , the client 's objectives for the brand  what are the targets , in terms of sales , market share , consumer purchasing and usage ? but to these targets needs to be added an analysis of what must be achieved in order to obtain them , in terms of both the behaviour and attitude of consumers : and of more functional matters such as ( for example ) greatly improved distribution  to put it in what is , from the agency 's point of view , the most defensive way possible , it is too easy to blame the advertising when the sales force has failed to achieve the necessary levels of retail distribution to support the [] sales .

The process of identifying and defining the target group , and the research required to do this , will usually have provided a lot of information , too , about how the consumer thinks about our brand .
the process of identifying and defining the target group , and the research [] to do this , will usually have provided a lot of information , too , about how the consumer thinks about our brand .

The problem with this way of putting down the strategy is that the sense/reason/emotion division is difficult to handle in practice , and there is no clear guide to the balance required between the three categories .
the problem with this way of putting down the strategy is that the sense/reason/emotion division is difficult to handle in practice , and there is no clear guide to the balance [] between the three categories .

Econometricians are not , in my experience , very good at translating their findings into terms readily understood by those without at least A-level mathematics and statistics : those who are running their own consultancies also have an understandable reluctance to go into the full details of their equations and the modifications that may be required to fit equation and data more closely together .
econometricians are not , in my experience , very good at translating their findings into terms readily understood by those without at least a-level mathematics and statistics : those who are running their own consultancies also have an understandable reluctance to go into the full details of their equations and the modifications that may be [] to fit equation and data more closely together .

As the orders are made out to confirm the buyer 's telephone conversations with the media salespeople , copies are passed to the agency 's traffic controllers to ensure that the control system is able to get the required material to the media on time .
as the orders are made out to confirm the buyer 's telephone conversations with the media salespeople , copies are passed to the agency 's traffic controllers to ensure that the control system is able to get the [] material to the media on time .

He painted , as required , the scenes of Britain 's imperial past : red-coated soldiers and turbaned Sikh lancers , and white hunters and gorillas , and aborigines and kangaroos , and Baden-Powell and battleships .
he painted , as [] , the scenes of britain 's imperial past : red-coated soldiers and turbaned sikh lancers , and white hunters and gorillas , and aborigines and kangaroos , and baden-powell and battleships .

He was playing a Nubian slave , a centurion and a sentinel in the forthcoming production , each of whom were required to utter such lines as  The sacred white cat has been stolen  and  Woe !
he was playing a nubian slave , a centurion and a sentinel in the forthcoming production , each of whom were [] to utter such lines as  the sacred white cat has been stolen  and  woe !

When she was n't required for her scene in the court room of Alexandria she was fetching and carrying and dabbing calamine lotion on the shoulders of John Harbour who , earlier in the day , had been broiled pink as a lobster by inexpertly using a sun-lamp .
when she was n't [] for her scene in the court room of alexandria she was fetching and carrying and dabbing calamine lotion on the shoulders of john harbour who , earlier in the day , had been broiled pink as a lobster by inexpertly using a sun-lamp .

 Do n't you ever have doubts ?  he asked .  Do n't you ever wonder whether it would n't be easier to do what s required of you ? 
 do n't you ever have doubts ?  he asked .  do n't you ever wonder whether it would n't be easier to do what s [] of you ? 

Uncle Vernon required something of her , but his expectations were similar to her own .
uncle vernon [] something of her , but his expectations were similar to her own .

During the second interval Geoffrey apologised , giving the excuse that one of the battens of the hollow trees had worked itself loose and that at the last moment Bunny had required him to fix it more securely into its brace .
during the second interval geoffrey apologised , giving the excuse that one of the battens of the hollow trees had worked itself loose and that at the last moment bunny had [] him to fix it more securely into its brace .

McLaren 's stance required an enemy to define it .
mclaren 's stance [] an enemy to define it .

 Kingsley adjusted his dogcollar meaningfully and replied that he was an expert on the English language who could speak authoritatively not only on the matter of  bollocks  but also on  shit  or  fuck  if required .
 kingsley adjusted his dogcollar meaningfully and replied that he was an expert on the english language who could speak authoritatively not only on the matter of  bollocks  but also on  shit  or  fuck  if [] .

To add to McLaren 's troubles , the cash required to finance his film was all but gone , depleted by the Russ Meyer fiasco and the Brazilian interlude with Ronnie Biggs .
to add to mclaren 's troubles , the cash [] to finance his film was all but gone , depleted by the russ meyer fiasco and the brazilian interlude with ronnie biggs .

They had not reaped the fortune he hoped for  they had not become  the new Rolling Stones  ; but the signing had the required affect of shaking Virgin out of the torpor of the mid-Seventies .
they had not reaped the fortune he hoped for  they had not become  the new rolling stones  ; but the signing had the [] affect of shaking virgin out of the torpor of the mid-seventies .

Subscribers to the service required only a cable line , an amplifier , a pair of speakers and a computer pad , on which to tap out the number of their choice .
subscribers to the service [] only a cable line , an amplifier , a pair of speakers and a computer pad , on which to tap out the number of their choice .

From now on , for the most part Branson confined his role in contract negotiations to a neo-imperial one , coming in to  do a number  , as Draper put it , when a particularly big star , or recalcitrant manager , required wooing .
from now on , for the most part branson confined his role in contract negotiations to a neo-imperial one , coming in to  do a number  , as draper put it , when a particularly big star , or recalcitrant manager , [] wooing .

But this had never required him to put himself in the spotlight .
but this had never [] him to put himself in the spotlight .

But it quickly became apparent to the practised eye of Brainsby that Branson required little advice in the matter of public relations  or , for that matter , in dressing up .
but it quickly became apparent to the practised eye of brainsby that branson [] little advice in the matter of public relations  or , for that matter , in dressing up .

the input , which is the required setting of a joint ;
the input , which is the [] setting of a joint ;

a control circuit , whose inputs are the required setting and the actual setting .
a control circuit , whose inputs are the [] setting and the actual setting .

The circuit only sends the motor an impulse when the sensor 's output is different from the required setting .
the circuit only sends the motor an impulse when the sensor 's output is different from the [] setting .

The output from the feedforward control is intended to provide the motor with just the extra push which will bring it to the required setting .
the output from the feedforward control is intended to provide the motor with just the extra push which will bring it to the [] setting .

Both the input required setting , and the sensor , are sampled once for each cycle .
both the input [] setting , and the sensor , are sampled once for each cycle .

The feedforward control calculates its output from the latest value of the required setting and the previous four values too .
the feedforward control calculates its output from the latest value of the [] setting and the previous four values too .

Thus , the feedforward control can provide one value when the required setting is constant , and a different value when the required setting is changing steadily , and yet a third value when the required setting is accelerating .
thus , the feedforward control can provide one value when the [] setting is constant , and a different value when the [] setting is changing steadily , and yet a third value when the [] setting is accelerating .

Three are the required settings of the motors , and the other three are the observed settings measured by the sensors .
three are the [] settings of the motors , and the other three are the observed settings measured by the sensors .

At any instant , three of them are the current required settings of the three motors ; three are the previous required settings , a third of a second earlier ; three are the required settings a third of a second before then ; and so on .
at any instant , three of them are the current [] settings of the three motors ; three are the previous [] settings , a third of a second earlier ; three are the [] settings a third of a second before then ; and so on .

The more bits surveyed by each chip , the more precise will be the required match , and the proportion of matches among all the features surveyed by all nodes will be smaller .
the more bits surveyed by each chip , the more precise will be the [] match , and the proportion of matches among all the features surveyed by all nodes will be smaller .

Rebuilding is a corrective measure , required because the clustering process is flawed .
rebuilding is a corrective measure , [] because the clustering process is flawed .

The intoximeter was found not to be working properly and the custody officer notified the defendant that , pursuant to section 7 ( 3 ) ( b ) of the Road Traffic Act 1988 , an alternative specimen of either blood or urine , at the choice of the officer , would be required .
the intoximeter was found not to be working properly and the custody officer notified the defendant that , pursuant to section 7 ( 3 ) ( b ) of the road traffic act 1988 , an alternative specimen of either blood or urine , at the choice of the officer , would be [] .

( 2 ) If the specimen with the lower proportion of alcohol contains no more than 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath , the person who provided it may claim that it should be replaced by such specimen as may be required under section 7 ( 4 ) of this Act and , if he then provides such a specimen , neither specimen of breath shall be used .
( 2 ) if the specimen with the lower proportion of alcohol contains no more than 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath , the person who provided it may claim that it should be replaced by such specimen as may be [] under section 7 ( 4 ) of this act and , if he then provides such a specimen , neither specimen of breath shall be used .

Given the complexities of some of the procedures which police officers are required to operate under this legislation , it is not surprising to find that the Metropolitan Police , and no doubt many other forces as well , have issued a set of elaborate and detailed instructions which indicate to an officer precisely how he is to proceed in any one of the many contingencies that may arise and which are designed to ensure that he acts in accordance with the statute as interpreted by the courts .
given the complexities of some of the procedures which police officers are [] to operate under this legislation , it is not surprising to find that the metropolitan police , and no doubt many other forces as well , have issued a set of elaborate and detailed instructions which indicate to an officer precisely how he is to proceed in any one of the many contingencies that may arise and which are designed to ensure that he acts in accordance with the statute as interpreted by the courts .

 It is clear that when the section 8 ( 6 ) procedure comes into operation it is for the police officer to make the decision whether the sample to be provided shall be a sample of blood or urine , but the police officer must convey to the defendant that the sample to be required may be of either blood or urine and must give the defendant an opportunity to consider which sample he would prefer to give if the choice were his and any reasons he has for that preference .
 it is clear that when the section 8 ( 6 ) procedure comes into operation it is for the police officer to make the decision whether the sample to be provided shall be a sample of blood or urine , but the police officer must convey to the defendant that the sample to be [] may be of either blood or urine and must give the defendant an opportunity to consider which sample he would prefer to give if the choice were his and any reasons he has for that preference .

Now , it is true that Byrne was a case , unlike the present , where the section 7 ( 4 ) procedure came into play , not for any of the reasons specified in section 7 ( 3 ) , but because the driver was entitled under what is now section 8 ( 2 ) to claim that the breath specimens he had given be replaced  by such specimen as may be required under section 7 ( 4 ) .
now , it is true that byrne was a case , unlike the present , where the section 7 ( 4 ) procedure came into play , not for any of the reasons specified in section 7 ( 3 ) , but because the driver was entitled under what is now section 8 ( 2 ) to claim that the breath specimens he had given be replaced  by such specimen as may be [] under section 7 ( 4 ) .

 4 . Is there any distinction to be drawn between the words required to be spoken by a constable ( a ) acting pursuant to section 7(3) of the Act and ( b ) acting pursuant to section 8(2) thereof , after the suspect has been told , in the latter case , of his right to claim that the breath specimen taken from him should be replaced by a blood or urine specimen ?
 4 . is there any distinction to be drawn between the words [] to be spoken by a constable ( a ) acting pursuant to section 7(3) of the act and ( b ) acting pursuant to section 8(2) thereof , after the suspect has been told , in the latter case , of his right to claim that the breath specimen taken from him should be replaced by a blood or urine specimen ?

If the driver claims this right and then fails to provide the specimen duly required under section 7 ( 4 ) , the sanction for that failure will be the use in evidence against him of the breath specimen which , ex hypothesi , proves an excess of alcohol above the statutory limit and accordingly in such case there will be no need , though it may be theoretically possible , to prosecute for a failure to provide a specimen without reasonable excuse under section 7 ( 6 ) .
if the driver claims this right and then fails to provide the specimen duly [] under section 7 ( 4 ) , the sanction for that failure will be the use in evidence against him of the breath specimen which , ex hypothesi , proves an excess of alcohol above the statutory limit and accordingly in such case there will be no need , though it may be theoretically possible , to prosecute for a failure to provide a specimen without reasonable excuse under section 7 ( 6 ) .

Mr. Roth contended that it is inconceivable that a party who has been held to be merely negligent should be required to contribute to the damages payable by a party who has been found guilty of fraud .
mr. roth contended that it is inconceivable that a party who has been held to be merely negligent should be [] to contribute to the damages payable by a party who has been found guilty of fraud .

In such an action the third defendant would have to plead that he had inflicted loss on the plaintiffs by conspiracy or fraud and had been required to compensate the plaintiffs for such loss .
in such an action the third defendant would have to plead that he had inflicted loss on the plaintiffs by conspiracy or fraud and had been [] to compensate the plaintiffs for such loss .

Extradition  Committal proceedings  Evidence  Alleged accomplice 's statement before Swedish court implicating accused  Accomplice retracting statement in committal proceedings  Whether statement capable of forming basis for committal  Whether magistrate required to consider Swedish court 's jurisdiction  Extradition Act 1989 ( c. 33 ) , Sch .
extradition  committal proceedings  evidence  alleged accomplice 's statement before swedish court implicating accused  accomplice retracting statement in committal proceedings  whether statement capable of forming basis for committal  whether magistrate [] to consider swedish court 's jurisdiction  extradition act 1989 ( c. 33 ) , sch .

Although Price did not give his evidence on oath ( because under Swedish law an accomplice can not be required to give evidence on oath ) , he was reminded of his duty to speak the truth when questioned in court , and he declared himself to be aware of his duty of truthfulness .
although price did not give his evidence on oath ( because under swedish law an accomplice can not be [] to give evidence on oath ) , he was reminded of his duty to speak the truth when questioned in court , and he declared himself to be aware of his duty of truthfulness .

They applied for judicial review of the Secretary of State 's decisions and sought orders of certiorari to quash those decisions and declarations that the Secretary of State could not set a period for retribution and deterrence for a mandatory life sentence greater than that recommended by the judiciary , that he was required to tell the applicants the period recommended by the judiciary , and if he departed from it his reasons for so doing , and that the applicants were entitled to be given the opportunity to make representations to the Secretary of State before he determined the period and for that purpose to be told of any information upon which the Secretary of State would act which was not in the applicant 's possession .
they applied for judicial review of the secretary of state 's decisions and sought orders of certiorari to quash those decisions and declarations that the secretary of state could not set a period for retribution and deterrence for a mandatory life sentence greater than that recommended by the judiciary , that he was [] to tell the applicants the period recommended by the judiciary , and if he departed from it his reasons for so doing , and that the applicants were entitled to be given the opportunity to make representations to the secretary of state before he determined the period and for that purpose to be told of any information upon which the secretary of state would act which was not in the applicant 's possession .

They are not the statutory consultations required by section 61 ( 1 ) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 , but are added to that consultation at an earlier stage .
they are not the statutory consultations [] by section 61 ( 1 ) of the criminal justice act 1967 , but are added to that consultation at an earlier stage .

They all seek declarations to the following effect : ( a ) that as a matter of law in the case of a prisoner serving a mandatory life sentence the Secretary of State is required to set a period for retribution and deterrence which does not exceed the tariff recommended by the judiciary ; ( b ) that the Secretary of State is required by law to tell the prisoner what period the judiciary have recommended , and the reasons for that recommendation , and also if he has departed from that recommendation to tell the prisoner his reason for doing so ; ( c ) that the prisoner is entitled to be given the opportunity to make representations to the Secretary of State before the tariff is set , and for this purpose to be told of any information upon which the Secretary of State will make his decision which is not in his , the prisoner 's , possession .
they all seek declarations to the following effect : ( a ) that as a matter of law in the case of a prisoner serving a mandatory life sentence the secretary of state is [] to set a period for retribution and deterrence which does not exceed the tariff recommended by the judiciary ; ( b ) that the secretary of state is [] by law to tell the prisoner what period the judiciary have recommended , and the reasons for that recommendation , and also if he has departed from that recommendation to tell the prisoner his reason for doing so ; ( c ) that the prisoner is entitled to be given the opportunity to make representations to the secretary of state before the tariff is set , and for this purpose to be told of any information upon which the secretary of state will make his decision which is not in his , the prisoner 's , possession .

Is the Secretary of State required by law to adopt the judicial view of the tariff ?
is the secretary of state [] by law to adopt the judicial view of the tariff ?

 The emphasis is upon the need for the board to include among its members persons with the skills and experience required to assess the risk of early release .
 the emphasis is upon the need for the board to include among its members persons with the skills and experience [] to assess the risk of early release .

It is now clear that the fixing of the period of detention required by retribution and deterrence is of fundamental importance to the prisoner .
it is now clear that the fixing of the period of detention [] by retribution and deterrence is of fundamental importance to the prisoner .

 the release of a life sentence prisoner is solely at my discretion and it is for me to decide , after receiving the Parole Board 's recommendation and after consulting the judiciary as required by section 61(1) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 , when actual release should take place .
 the release of a life sentence prisoner is solely at my discretion and it is for me to decide , after receiving the parole board 's recommendation and after consulting the judiciary as [] by section 61(1) of the criminal justice act 1967 , when actual release should take place .

More than a balancing exercise is required and the decision has not been followed in another case before this court : see Reg .
more than a balancing exercise is [] and the decision has not been followed in another case before this court : see reg .

the Secretary of State , and the framework in which he operates , such that additional procedural safeguards are required in the interests of fairness ?
the secretary of state , and the framework in which he operates , such that additional procedural safeguards are [] in the interests of fairness ?

By a notice of appeal dated 6 September 1991 the solicitors appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) under section 6(2) of the Act of 1986 the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of section 3 of the Act to repay to investors sums paid by them to Pantell and ( b ) under section 61(1) of the Act the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of any rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to repay to investors sums paid by them to Pantell ; ( 2 ) the court had no jurisdiction under sections 6(2) and 61(1) to award claims for compensation for loss against persons knowingly concerned in such contraventions in contrast to sections 6(3) to ( 7 ) and sections 61(3) to ( 7 ) ; ( 3 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) the power of the court under section 6(2) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court might direct for restoring the parties to the transaction to the position in which they were before the transaction was entered into and ( b ) the power of the court under section 61(1) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention of the rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to take such steps as the court might direct to remedy it included power to make a financial award against such person directing payment by that person to individual investors of sums equivalent to the amounts paid by such investors pursuant to the said transaction , neither subsection empowering the court to order restitution by the repayment of moneys outside the possession or control of the person concerned ; and ( 4 ) the judge erred in law ( a ) in his construction of sections 6(2) and 61(1) in failing to have regard to the principle  generalibus specialia derogant ,  in particular in holding that there could exist within each of sections 6 and 61 two parallel powers to order financial redress at the suit of the plaintiff , one derived from sections 6(3) and 6(4) and sections 61(3) and 61(4) respectively , which was subject to the limitations set out in those and subsequent subsections , and the other derived from section 6(2) and section 61(1) , which was subject to no such limitations ; ( b ) in rejecting the submission that sections 6 and 61 were essentially procedural and did not create new substantive legal rights and remedies ; and ( c ) in failing to have regard to the fact that the orders sought under paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer to the amended statement of claim required payment to the plaintiff or alternatively into court of moneys recovered thereunder from the solicitors despite the absence of any provisions for such orders in the Act , his dismissal of the summons being inconsistent with his finding that there was no provision in sections 6(2) or 61(1) directing payment into court and that any order under the sections would have to direct repayment of the sum paid to each individual investor who had made the original payment .
by a notice of appeal dated 6 september 1991 the solicitors appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) under section 6(2) of the act of 1986 the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of section 3 of the act to repay to investors sums paid by them to pantell and ( b ) under section 61(1) of the act the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of any rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to repay to investors sums paid by them to pantell ; ( 2 ) the court had no jurisdiction under sections 6(2) and 61(1) to award claims for compensation for loss against persons knowingly concerned in such contraventions in contrast to sections 6(3) to ( 7 ) and sections 61(3) to ( 7 ) ; ( 3 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) the power of the court under section 6(2) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court might direct for restoring the parties to the transaction to the position in which they were before the transaction was entered into and ( b ) the power of the court under section 61(1) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention of the rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to take such steps as the court might direct to remedy it included power to make a financial award against such person directing payment by that person to individual investors of sums equivalent to the amounts paid by such investors pursuant to the said transaction , neither subsection empowering the court to order restitution by the repayment of moneys outside the possession or control of the person concerned ; and ( 4 ) the judge erred in law ( a ) in his construction of sections 6(2) and 61(1) in failing to have regard to the principle  generalibus specialia derogant ,  in particular in holding that there could exist within each of sections 6 and 61 two parallel powers to order financial redress at the suit of the plaintiff , one derived from sections 6(3) and 6(4) and sections 61(3) and 61(4) respectively , which was subject to the limitations set out in those and subsequent subsections , and the other derived from section 6(2) and section 61(1) , which was subject to no such limitations ; ( b ) in rejecting the submission that sections 6 and 61 were essentially procedural and did not create new substantive legal rights and remedies ; and ( c ) in failing to have regard to the fact that the orders sought under paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer to the amended statement of claim [] payment to the plaintiff or alternatively into court of moneys recovered thereunder from the solicitors despite the absence of any provisions for such orders in the act , his dismissal of the summons being inconsistent with his finding that there was no provision in sections 6(2) or 61(1) directing payment into court and that any order under the sections would have to direct repayment of the sum paid to each individual investor who had made the original payment .

The alleged contraventions of section 57 consist of the publication of investment advertisements whose contents had not been approved as required by the Act .
the alleged contraventions of section 57 consist of the publication of investment advertisements whose contents had not been approved as [] by the act .

The judge did not answer the letter , but he required the barrister to appear before him in chambers on 16 October 1991 .
the judge did not answer the letter , but he [] the barrister to appear before him in chambers on 16 october 1991 .

By a notice of appeal dated 7 July 1992 the husband appealed on the ground that a copy of the committal order had not been served on him either before or at the time of the execution of the warrant as required by Ord. 29 , r. 1(5) ( a ) of the County Court Rules 1981 ( as amended ) and that in consequence the order was invalid and/or defective and should be set aside .
by a notice of appeal dated 7 july 1992 the husband appealed on the ground that a copy of the committal order had not been served on him either before or at the time of the execution of the warrant as [] by ord. 29 , r. 1(5) ( a ) of the county court rules 1981 ( as amended ) and that in consequence the order was invalid and/or defective and should be set aside .

There appear to be no special forms or procedures which are required to be adopted in the county court where someone is found guilty of contempt in the face of the court and committed to prison under section 118 of the County Courts Act 1984 , although no doubt , if such an event were to occur , the court would follow the general approach required by Ord .
there appear to be no special forms or procedures which are [] to be adopted in the county court where someone is found guilty of contempt in the face of the court and committed to prison under section 118 of the county courts act 1984 , although no doubt , if such an event were to occur , the court would follow the general approach [] by ord .

The more serious the decision , the greater the capacity required .
the more serious the decision , the greater the capacity [] .

By section 27 ( 9 ) of the Act the  qualification regulations  of an  authorised body ,  which the Advisory Committee has the duty to approve , mean only the regulations ( however they may be described ) as to the education and training which members of that body must receive in order to be entitled to any right of audience granted by it ; and in the same way  rules of conduct ,  which it has a duty to approve , mean only the rules ( however they may be described ) as to the conduct required of members of that body in exercising any such right of audience .
by section 27 ( 9 ) of the act the  qualification regulations  of an  authorised body ,  which the advisory committee has the duty to approve , mean only the regulations ( however they may be described ) as to the education and training which members of that body must receive in order to be entitled to any right of audience granted by it ; and in the same way  rules of conduct ,  which it has a duty to approve , mean only the rules ( however they may be described ) as to the conduct [] of members of that body in exercising any such right of audience .

It is obvious that if the present decision is undisturbed attention must be paid to the quite new arrangements prescribed by section 19 ( 3 ) of the Supreme Court Act 1981 which provides , so far as is relevant , that any jurisdiction of the High Court shall be exercised only by a single judge of that court , except in so far as it is , by or by virtue of rules of court or any other statutory provision , required to be exercised by a divisional court .
it is obvious that if the present decision is undisturbed attention must be paid to the quite new arrangements prescribed by section 19 ( 3 ) of the supreme court act 1981 which provides , so far as is relevant , that any jurisdiction of the high court shall be exercised only by a single judge of that court , except in so far as it is , by or by virtue of rules of court or any other statutory provision , [] to be exercised by a divisional court .

But Mr. Thornton forcefully submits that no more is required to sustain the plea than that the court before whom the defendant had previously been charged should have decided his guilt , whether by the court , where it is the tribunal of fact , announcing its decision to that effect , by the return of a guilty verdict by the jury or by the  acceptance  of a plea of guilty .
but mr. thornton forcefully submits that no more is [] to sustain the plea than that the court before whom the defendant had previously been charged should have decided his guilt , whether by the court , where it is the tribunal of fact , announcing its decision to that effect , by the return of a guilty verdict by the jury or by the  acceptance  of a plea of guilty .

It was held in a number of cases that the certificate required by this statute must state the judgment of the court : see Reg .
it was held in a number of cases that the certificate [] by this statute must state the judgment of the court : see reg .

 The question , therefore , is , what is required by the words  substance and effect ?
 the question , therefore , is , what is [] by the words  substance and effect ?

The notice was , as is required by rule 7.3 ( 9 ) of the Lautro Rules , served upon Norwich and the three associated companies .
the notice was , as is [] by rule 7.3 ( 9 ) of the lautro rules , served upon norwich and the three associated companies .

It will be seen , however , that although the Rules required that if the notice related to and was prejudicial to a person other than a member , a copy of the notice must be served upon him , such a person not only did not have any prior opportunity of making representations why the notice should not be issued , but was not given , under the Rules , the right to apply to set it aside , nor any right to appeal against the notice .
it will be seen , however , that although the rules [] that if the notice related to and was prejudicial to a person other than a member , a copy of the notice must be served upon him , such a person not only did not have any prior opportunity of making representations why the notice should not be issued , but was not given , under the rules , the right to apply to set it aside , nor any right to appeal against the notice .

The notice was , as is required by rule 7.3 ( 9 ) of the Lautro Rules 1988 , served upon Norwich and the three associated companies .
the notice was , as is [] by rule 7.3 ( 9 ) of the lautro rules 1988 , served upon norwich and the three associated companies .

Just as a sub-lessee may be required by his sub-lease to comply with some of the covenants in the head-lease , and is answerable to his sub-lessor if he should breach those covenants , so rule 2.12 ( 1 ) provides a rgime in which appointed representatives will be subject to the Norwich Union , not directly to Lautro .
just as a sub-lessee may be [] by his sub-lease to comply with some of the covenants in the head-lease , and is answerable to his sub-lessor if he should breach those covenants , so rule 2.12 ( 1 ) provides a rgime in which appointed representatives will be subject to the norwich union , not directly to lautro .

Breakdown of figure required .
breakdown of figure [] .

Vouching required .
vouching [] .

In addition , the notice of objection stated that in respect of any sum properly chargeable to the plaintiffs , i.e. any sum in respect of which objection number 4 could not be maintained , the plaintiffs required  taxation as to the amount thereof and/or that such be referred to the inquiry directed by Chief Master Munrow in the said order . 
in addition , the notice of objection stated that in respect of any sum properly chargeable to the plaintiffs , i.e. any sum in respect of which objection number 4 could not be maintained , the plaintiffs []  taxation as to the amount thereof and/or that such be referred to the inquiry directed by chief master munrow in the said order . 

There was a dispute as to whether this contractual provision required the bank 's costs , charges and expenses to be taxed on an indemnity basis or on a party and party basis .
there was a dispute as to whether this contractual provision [] the bank 's costs , charges and expenses to be taxed on an indemnity basis or on a party and party basis .

The money is urgently required to combat the effects of famine in the country .
the money is urgently [] to combat the effects of famine in the country .

 ( 3 ) Generally to execute any deed or sign any document which may be required and to do any other act matter or thing which the attorney shall consider necessary or expedient for carrying out any of the purposes or acts hereby authorised .
 ( 3 ) generally to execute any deed or sign any document which may be [] and to do any other act matter or thing which the attorney shall consider necessary or expedient for carrying out any of the purposes or acts hereby authorised .

 ( 1 ) The register may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar , subject to an appeal to the court , in any of the following cases , but subject to the provisions of this section :  ( a ) Subject to any express provisions of this Act to the contrary , where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge , and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the register is required , and makes an order to that effect ; ( b ) Subject to any express provision of this Act to the contrary , where the court , on the application in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in , or by the omission of any entry from , the register , or by any default being made , or unnecessary delay taking place , in the making of any entry in the register , makes an order for the rectification of the register ; ( c ) In any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested ; ( d ) Where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the register has been obtained by fraud ; ( e ) Where two or more persons are , by mistake , registered as proprietors of the same registered estate or of the same charge ; ( f ) Where a mortgagee has been registered as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting ; ( g ) Where a legal estate has been registered in the name of a person who if the land had not been registered would not have been the estate owner ; and ( h ) In any other case where , by reason of any error or omission in the register , or by reason of any entry made under a mistake , it may be deemed just to rectify the register .
 ( 1 ) the register may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar , subject to an appeal to the court , in any of the following cases , but subject to the provisions of this section :  ( a ) subject to any express provisions of this act to the contrary , where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge , and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the register is [] , and makes an order to that effect ; ( b ) subject to any express provision of this act to the contrary , where the court , on the application in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in , or by the omission of any entry from , the register , or by any default being made , or unnecessary delay taking place , in the making of any entry in the register , makes an order for the rectification of the register ; ( c ) in any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested ; ( d ) where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the register has been obtained by fraud ; ( e ) where two or more persons are , by mistake , registered as proprietors of the same registered estate or of the same charge ; ( f ) where a mortgagee has been registered as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting ; ( g ) where a legal estate has been registered in the name of a person who if the land had not been registered would not have been the estate owner ; and ( h ) in any other case where , by reason of any error or omission in the register , or by reason of any entry made under a mistake , it may be deemed just to rectify the register .

cases in which voidable transactions are set aside and , as a consequence , rectification of the register is required , it is difficult to construct any scenario in which rectification could be withheld .
cases in which voidable transactions are set aside and , as a consequence , rectification of the register is [] , it is difficult to construct any scenario in which rectification could be withheld .

The protection of that public interest required that allegations of improper or criminal conduct by police officers should be investigated and appropriate action taken .
the protection of that public interest [] that allegations of improper or criminal conduct by police officers should be investigated and appropriate action taken .

Thus her conclusion that  Once the discretion arises it is for the court to conduct the necessary balancing exercise between what would otherwise be required by the Convention and the interests of the children  is wrong in law and fatal to a proper exercise of a discretion under the Convention because it predicates that matters relating to the welfare of children falling outside the ambit of the criteria laid down by the Convention itself are relevant to the exercise of the discretion .
thus her conclusion that  once the discretion arises it is for the court to conduct the necessary balancing exercise between what would otherwise be [] by the convention and the interests of the children  is wrong in law and fatal to a proper exercise of a discretion under the convention because it predicates that matters relating to the welfare of children falling outside the ambit of the criteria laid down by the convention itself are relevant to the exercise of the discretion .

 ( 1 ) Any officer , servant or agent of the Bank may , on producing if required evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by a person on whom a notice has been served under section 39 above for the purpose of obtaining there the information or documents required by that notice and of exercising the powers conferred by subsection ( 5 ) of that section .
 ( 1 ) any officer , servant or agent of the bank may , on producing if [] evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by a person on whom a notice has been served under section 39 above for the purpose of obtaining there the information or documents [] by that notice and of exercising the powers conferred by subsection ( 5 ) of that section .

( 2 ) Any officer , servant or agent of the Bank may , on producing if required evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by any person on whom a notice could be served under section 39 above for the purpose of obtaining there such information or documents as are specified in the authority , being information or documents that could have been required by such a notice ; but the Bank shall not authorise any person to act under this subsection unless it has reasonable cause to believe that if such a notice were served it would not be complied with or that any documents to which it would relate would be removed , tampered with or destroyed .
( 2 ) any officer , servant or agent of the bank may , on producing if [] evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by any person on whom a notice could be served under section 39 above for the purpose of obtaining there such information or documents as are specified in the authority , being information or documents that could have been [] by such a notice ; but the bank shall not authorise any person to act under this subsection unless it has reasonable cause to believe that if such a notice were served it would not be complied with or that any documents to which it would relate would be removed , tampered with or destroyed .

In fulfilling this duty the Bank may often be faced with situations where extremely urgent action is required , and where delay could result in losses to , possibly , very substantial numbers of customers of such institutions , embracing both corporate and private customers , whose interests the Act is designed to protect .
in fulfilling this duty the bank may often be faced with situations where extremely urgent action is [] , and where delay could result in losses to , possibly , very substantial numbers of customers of such institutions , embracing both corporate and private customers , whose interests the act is designed to protect .

Section 40 ( 1 ) allows the Bank of England 's officers to enter the premises of a person on whom a section 39 notice has been served for the purpose of obtaining the information or documents required , with no protection of reasonable excuse accorded to the person on whom the notice was served ; indeed any obstruction will , under subsection ( 3 ) , expose that person to the risk of prosecution .
section 40 ( 1 ) allows the bank of england 's officers to enter the premises of a person on whom a section 39 notice has been served for the purpose of obtaining the information or documents [] , with no protection of reasonable excuse accorded to the person on whom the notice was served ; indeed any obstruction will , under subsection ( 3 ) , expose that person to the risk of prosecution .

 the presumption that the inspector [ in a revenue case ] acted intra vires when giving the notice can only be displaced by evidence which can not be reconciled with the inspector having the required reasonable opinion .
 the presumption that the inspector [ in a revenue case ] acted intra vires when giving the notice can only be displaced by evidence which can not be reconciled with the inspector having the [] reasonable opinion .

Since no reasons have been given by the decision-maker and no unfavourable inference can be drawn [ from ] this fact because there is obvious justification for his failure to do so , the presumption that he acted intra vires can only be displaced by evidence of facts which can not be reconciled with there having been reasonable cause for his belief that the documents might be required as evidence 
since no reasons have been given by the decision-maker and no unfavourable inference can be drawn [ from ] this fact because there is obvious justification for his failure to do so , the presumption that he acted intra vires can only be displaced by evidence of facts which can not be reconciled with there having been reasonable cause for his belief that the documents might be [] as evidence 

By a respondent 's notice dated 20 February 1991 the plaintiffs gave notice of their intention to contend that the judgment should be affirmed on the additional grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) leave to appeal from the order of 4 November 1988 should have been refused ; ( 2 ) there was no ground for interfering with the judge 's finding that the first defendant was not the agent of the plaintiffs ; ( 3 ) there was no evidence that the second defendant was at any material time under the influence of or dominated by the first defendant so as to be prevented from exercising independent judgment ; ( 4 ) in so far as the first defendant repeated his over-optimistic expectations to the second defendant it was not a misrepresentation , fraudulent or otherwise ; and ( 5 ) as to whether there was manifest disadvantage , the charge was required as a condition of further increased overdraft facility to Heathrow Fabrications Ltd. , without which that company , whose success would have been of benefit to the second defendant , would have been in financial difficulties .
by a respondent 's notice dated 20 february 1991 the plaintiffs gave notice of their intention to contend that the judgment should be affirmed on the additional grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) leave to appeal from the order of 4 november 1988 should have been refused ; ( 2 ) there was no ground for interfering with the judge 's finding that the first defendant was not the agent of the plaintiffs ; ( 3 ) there was no evidence that the second defendant was at any material time under the influence of or dominated by the first defendant so as to be prevented from exercising independent judgment ; ( 4 ) in so far as the first defendant repeated his over-optimistic expectations to the second defendant it was not a misrepresentation , fraudulent or otherwise ; and ( 5 ) as to whether there was manifest disadvantage , the charge was [] as a condition of further increased overdraft facility to heathrow fabrications ltd. , without which that company , whose success would have been of benefit to the second defendant , would have been in financial difficulties .

 The situation in which a surety is required to give a guarantee or charge property to secure the liability of a debtor to a creditor is on the authorities a fruitful area for the exercise of undue influence , particularly by the debtor over the surety to obtain the guarantee or charge the debtor needs to satisfy the creditor .
 the situation in which a surety is [] to give a guarantee or charge property to secure the liability of a debtor to a creditor is on the authorities a fruitful area for the exercise of undue influence , particularly by the debtor over the surety to obtain the guarantee or charge the debtor needs to satisfy the creditor .

As we have made clear in answer to issue ( 4 ) , the undue influence is required to have brought about the transaction , and it would be inconsistent with the equitable nature of the relief for the bank not to be affected by the undue influence exerted by its agent when the transaction would not exist but for the wrongful acts of its agent .
as we have made clear in answer to issue ( 4 ) , the undue influence is [] to have brought about the transaction , and it would be inconsistent with the equitable nature of the relief for the bank not to be affected by the undue influence exerted by its agent when the transaction would not exist but for the wrongful acts of its agent .

The grounds of the appeal were , inter alia , that ( 1 ) there was no sufficient evidence that the requirements of section 31 of the Children Act 1989 had been satisfied ; ( 2 ) the justices had made the order on the ground that to do otherwise would cause harm to the boy , when the Act required the justices to find that  significant harm  would be caused before making the order ; and ( 3 ) the justices failed to state their reasons adequately .
the grounds of the appeal were , inter alia , that ( 1 ) there was no sufficient evidence that the requirements of section 31 of the children act 1989 had been satisfied ; ( 2 ) the justices had made the order on the ground that to do otherwise would cause harm to the boy , when the act [] the justices to find that  significant harm  would be caused before making the order ; and ( 3 ) the justices failed to state their reasons adequately .

In the course of the acquisition the appellants produced a working capital report for Atlantic as required by Stock Exchange rules .
in the course of the acquisition the appellants produced a working capital report for atlantic as [] by stock exchange rules .

The convenient course is to inquire , first , whether , on that approach , the registrar 's order is oppressive to [ the appellants ] ; secondly , whether the documents required by the administrators are reasonably required for the discharge of their duties and , if so , whether their requirements outweigh any oppression to [ the appellants ] .
the convenient course is to inquire , first , whether , on that approach , the registrar 's order is oppressive to [ the appellants ] ; secondly , whether the documents [] by the administrators are reasonably [] for the discharge of their duties and , if so , whether their requirements outweigh any oppression to [ the appellants ] .

The proper case is one where the administrator reasonably requires to see the documents to carry out his functions and the production does not impose an unnecessary and unreasonable burden on the person required to produce them in the light of the administrator 's requirements .
the proper case is one where the administrator reasonably requires to see the documents to carry out his functions and the production does not impose an unnecessary and unreasonable burden on the person [] to produce them in the light of the administrator 's requirements .

The Attorney-General referred to the Court of Appeal under section 36 of the Criminal Justice Act 1972 the question whether , in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1 ( 1 ) of the Act of 1990 the computer which the person caused to perform any function with the required intent had to be a different computer from the one into which he intended to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held therein .
the attorney-general referred to the court of appeal under section 36 of the criminal justice act 1972 the question whether , in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1 ( 1 ) of the act of 1990 the computer which the person caused to perform any function with the [] intent had to be a different computer from the one into which he intended to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held therein .

 The point of law referred for consideration by the court is : in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1(1) of the Computer Misuse Act 1990 does the computer which the person causes to perform any function with the required intent have to be a different computer to the one into which he intends to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held there ?
 the point of law referred for consideration by the court is : in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1(1) of the computer misuse act 1990 does the computer which the person causes to perform any function with the [] intent have to be a different computer to the one into which he intends to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held there ?

 Particulars of Offence : [ The respondent ] on 17 September 1990 dishonestly and with a view to gain for himself or another , or with intent to cause loss to another , falsified a document required for an accounting purpose , namely , a computer generated sales invoice , by making an entry therein which was or may have been misleading , false or deceptive in a material particular in that it purported to show that a discount of 70 per cent .
 particulars of offence : [ the respondent ] on 17 september 1990 dishonestly and with a view to gain for himself or another , or with intent to cause loss to another , falsified a document [] for an accounting purpose , namely , a computer generated sales invoice , by making an entry therein which was or may have been misleading , false or deceptive in a material particular in that it purported to show that a discount of 70 per cent .

 In order for a person to commit an offence under section 1(1) of the Computer Misuse Act 1990 does the computer which the person causes to perform any function with the required intent have to be a different computer from the one into which he intends to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held therein ?
 in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1(1) of the computer misuse act 1990 does the computer which the person causes to perform any function with the [] intent have to be a different computer from the one into which he intends to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held therein ?

 ( i ) whether proceedings upon indictment may be stayed on the grounds of prejudice resulting from delay in the institution of those proceedings even though that delay has not been occasioned by any fault on the part of the prosecution ; ( ii ) if the answer to ( i ) above is in the affirmative what is the degree of : ( a ) the likelihood and ( b ) the seriousness of any prejudice which is required to justify a stay of such proceedings .
 ( i ) whether proceedings upon indictment may be stayed on the grounds of prejudice resulting from delay in the institution of those proceedings even though that delay has not been occasioned by any fault on the part of the prosecution ; ( ii ) if the answer to ( i ) above is in the affirmative what is the degree of : ( a ) the likelihood and ( b ) the seriousness of any prejudice which is [] to justify a stay of such proceedings .

These will include the relative gravity of the offences alleged in the two sets of proceedings ; the degree of connection , on facts or law , between them ; the degree of prejudice which the defendant may suffer , in the shape of adverse publicity or in other respects , if the lesser matters are brought to trial first ; the likely time-spans of the two sets of proceedings ; the possibility of hardship to the defendant in being required to divert attention and resources to the defence of the lesser charges whilst the graver are in preparation ; the risk that if the lesser charges are postponed the lapse of time may render a fair trial of them more difficult ; the desirability in the public interest of ensuring that charges properly brought are pressed to a conclusion .
these will include the relative gravity of the offences alleged in the two sets of proceedings ; the degree of connection , on facts or law , between them ; the degree of prejudice which the defendant may suffer , in the shape of adverse publicity or in other respects , if the lesser matters are brought to trial first ; the likely time-spans of the two sets of proceedings ; the possibility of hardship to the defendant in being [] to divert attention and resources to the defence of the lesser charges whilst the graver are in preparation ; the risk that if the lesser charges are postponed the lapse of time may render a fair trial of them more difficult ; the desirability in the public interest of ensuring that charges properly brought are pressed to a conclusion .

In February 1974 the original lessee assigned the lease to the second defendant , a company , which duly entered into the required covenant directly with the landlord .
in february 1974 the original lessee assigned the lease to the second defendant , a company , which duly entered into the [] covenant directly with the landlord .

In his exhaustive and helpful argument on behalf of the plaintiffs , Mr. Perry relied on the Rent Acts and in particular on the amendments made by section 39 of and Schedule 4 to the Housing Act 1988 dealing with private sector lettings whereby a successor was required to reside with the deceased tenant  in the dwelling house  for the period of six months before the death of the tenant .
in his exhaustive and helpful argument on behalf of the plaintiffs , mr. perry relied on the rent acts and in particular on the amendments made by section 39 of and schedule 4 to the housing act 1988 dealing with private sector lettings whereby a successor was [] to reside with the deceased tenant  in the dwelling house  for the period of six months before the death of the tenant .

The Merchant Shipping Act 1988 required all British fishing vessels , including those formerly registered under the Act of 1894 , to be entered in a new register .
the merchant shipping act 1988 [] all british fishing vessels , including those formerly registered under the act of 1894 , to be entered in a new register .

The Commission and the applicants in the main proceedings considered that the genuine link which was required to exist between the ship and the flag state under the Conventions of 1958 and 1982 did not give the member states the power to enact their own laws with regard to flagging without having regard to the requirements of Community law .
the commission and the applicants in the main proceedings considered that the genuine link which was [] to exist between the ship and the flag state under the conventions of 1958 and 1982 did not give the member states the power to enact their own laws with regard to flagging without having regard to the requirements of community law .

Article 8 of that Convention , which was designed to put an end to the problems created by flags of convenience , required contracting states to adopt
article 8 of that convention , which was designed to put an end to the problems created by flags of convenience , [] contracting states to adopt

Those principles required the elimination , not only of existing restrictions and discrimination relating to the exercise of occupational activities , but also of any barrier which might in practice prevent the effective realisation of those activities .
those principles [] the elimination , not only of existing restrictions and discrimination relating to the exercise of occupational activities , but also of any barrier which might in practice prevent the effective realisation of those activities .

They were required to choose one of three mortgage valuations ; a basic valuation to enable the society to assess the adequacy of the security offered , pursuant to the duty imposed on societies by section 13 ( 1 ) of the Act of 1986 , a copy of which would normally be provided for the borrower on payment of a fee ; a house buyers ' valuation containing a fuller report , for which the borrower paid a higher fee ; or a full structural survey .
they were [] to choose one of three mortgage valuations ; a basic valuation to enable the society to assess the adequacy of the security offered , pursuant to the duty imposed on societies by section 13 ( 1 ) of the act of 1986 , a copy of which would normally be provided for the borrower on payment of a fee ; a house buyers ' valuation containing a fuller report , for which the borrower paid a higher fee ; or a full structural survey .

There is the basic valuation required to enable the society to assess the adequacy of the security offered pursuant to section 13 of the Building Societies Act 1986 .
there is the basic valuation [] to enable the society to assess the adequacy of the security offered pursuant to section 13 of the building societies act 1986 .

It provides for the appointment of the ombudsman to be called the Building Societies Ombudsman as the adjudicator required by the Act .
it provides for the appointment of the ombudsman to be called the building societies ombudsman as the adjudicator [] by the act .

If it chooses to get one from one of its employees , then it seems to me that the preparation of that report by one of its employees is as much a part of the administration of the societies ' business in the field of making advances as is consideration of the report by the assessor required by section 13 ( 1 ) ( b ) .
if it chooses to get one from one of its employees , then it seems to me that the preparation of that report by one of its employees is as much a part of the administration of the societies ' business in the field of making advances as is consideration of the report by the assessor [] by section 13 ( 1 ) ( b ) .

The last page contains a summary of the information required for the purposes of section 13 , though some consideration is also required of the first page .
the last page contains a summary of the information [] for the purposes of section 13 , though some consideration is also [] of the first page .

In consequence , it was submitted , the relevant action was taken not by the society , the report was not required by the society for its own purposes and was thus not in relation to the grant or refusal of an advance , and a report negligently prepared could not constitute maladministration or a breach of the society 's obligations under any contract .
in consequence , it was submitted , the relevant action was taken not by the society , the report was not [] by the society for its own purposes and was thus not in relation to the grant or refusal of an advance , and a report negligently prepared could not constitute maladministration or a breach of the society 's obligations under any contract .

As all the brochures make plain , the house buyers ' report goes beyond what is required by the society for the purposes of section 13 .
as all the brochures make plain , the house buyers ' report goes beyond what is [] by the society for the purposes of section 13 .

 No doctor can be required to treat a child , whether by the court in the exercise of its wardship jurisdiction , by the parents , by the child or anyone else .
 no doctor can be [] to treat a child , whether by the court in the exercise of its wardship jurisdiction , by the parents , by the child or anyone else .

Although the order is subject to the condition precedent that  the required drugs and equipment are or could reasonably be made available ,  it makes no reference to the availability of staff and it has to be borne in mind that artificial ventilation of a young child in an intensive care unit is highly intensive of highly skilled staff .
although the order is subject to the condition precedent that  the [] drugs and equipment are or could reasonably be made available ,  it makes no reference to the availability of staff and it has to be borne in mind that artificial ventilation of a young child in an intensive care unit is highly intensive of highly skilled staff .

The health authority is entitled to object and does object to being subject to an order of the court with penal consequences in the event of disobedience when it does not know precisely what is required of it .
the health authority is entitled to object and does object to being subject to an order of the court with penal consequences in the event of disobedience when it does not know precisely what is [] of it .

Tower Hamlets , acting under paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1967 , required Chetnik to pay rates on the buildings over a period of some years during which they were unoccupied because tenants could not be found .
tower hamlets , acting under paragraph 1 of schedule 1 to the act of 1967 , [] chetnik to pay rates on the buildings over a period of some years during which they were unoccupied because tenants could not be found .

It is for these reasons that Woolwich is not enabled or required to seek its remedy through the statutory framework , but must fall back on the common law .
it is for these reasons that woolwich is not enabled or [] to seek its remedy through the statutory framework , but must fall back on the common law .

For example , what , if any , knowledge is required on the part of a payer at the time of payment to entitle him to recovery at a later date ?
for example , what , if any , knowledge is [] on the part of a payer at the time of payment to entitle him to recovery at a later date ?

In paragraph 19 of the order Mrs. Tully was ordered to make an affidavit corresponding to that required from Mr Tully .
in paragraph 19 of the order mrs. tully was ordered to make an affidavit corresponding to that [] from mr tully .

 ( a ) to produce to the inspectors all  documents of or relating to the company  ( b ) to attend before the inspectors when required to do so , and ( c ) otherwise to give the inspectors all assistance in connection with the investigation which they are reasonably able to give .
 ( a ) to produce to the inspectors all  documents of or relating to the company  ( b ) to attend before the inspectors when [] to do so , and ( c ) otherwise to give the inspectors all assistance in connection with the investigation which they are reasonably able to give .

No disclosure made in compliance with paragraphs 18 to 32 inclusive of this order shall be used as evidence in the prosecution of the offence alleged to have been committed by the person required to make that disclosure or by any spouse of that person .
no disclosure made in compliance with paragraphs 18 to 32 inclusive of this order shall be used as evidence in the prosecution of the offence alleged to have been committed by the person [] to make that disclosure or by any spouse of that person .

Criminal fraud is notoriously difficult to establish and the evidence required to do so needs careful and skilled assessment .
criminal fraud is notoriously difficult to establish and the evidence [] to do so needs careful and skilled assessment .

 No disclosure made in compliance with paragraphs 18 to 32 inclusive of this order shall be used as evidence in the prosecution of an offence alleged to have been committed by the person required to make that disclosure or by any spouse of that person .
 no disclosure made in compliance with paragraphs 18 to 32 inclusive of this order shall be used as evidence in the prosecution of an offence alleged to have been committed by the person [] to make that disclosure or by any spouse of that person .

The local authority served on the defendant written demands for the expenses they had incurred in respect of the works required under the notices , respectively on 31 May 1984 and 25 April 1985 .
the local authority served on the defendant written demands for the expenses they had incurred in respect of the works [] under the notices , respectively on 31 may 1984 and 25 april 1985 .

The local authority were empowered to do the work themselves by section 10(1) of the Act of 1957 which provided that if the person in control of the house did not comply with a notice to execute work then after specified periods of time  the local authority may themselves do the work required to be done by the notice   The entitlement to recover their expenses for doing the work derived , at the relevant time , from section 10(3) of the Act which provided , so far as is relevant :
the local authority were empowered to do the work themselves by section 10(1) of the act of 1957 which provided that if the person in control of the house did not comply with a notice to execute work then after specified periods of time  the local authority may themselves do the work [] to be done by the notice   the entitlement to recover their expenses for doing the work derived , at the relevant time , from section 10(3) of the act which provided , so far as is relevant :

The applicant sought relief on the grounds that ( 1 ) at the time the coroner took his original decision there was considerable evidence before him that the death would not have occurred but for delays experienced by the deceased 's family in contacting the ambulance service and later delays by the ambulance service in responding to repeated calls by the police for an ambulance to come to take the deceased to hospital as a matter of urgency ; ( 2 ) in reaching the conclusion that an inquest was unnecessary the coroner had misdirected himself in law for the reasons , inter alia , that ( i ) section 8(1) ( a ) of the Coroners Act 1988 required a coroner to hold an inquest where there was  reasonable cause to suspect  that the deceased had died a  violent or unnatural death ;  ( ii ) there had been clear and uncontradicted evidence before the coroner that avoidable and culpable delays by the ambulance service might have been the reason why the deceased 's asthma attack , which could have been treated in hospital , proved fatal , giving rise to a  reasonable cause to suspect  that the cause of the deceased 's death was  unnatural ;  and ( iii ) against that background , the coroner had erred in law in treating the pathologist 's conclusion as conclusive and had either misdirected himself as to the meaning of  unnatural death  in section 8 of the Coroners Act 1988 or failed to apply the law properly to the facts of the case .
the applicant sought relief on the grounds that ( 1 ) at the time the coroner took his original decision there was considerable evidence before him that the death would not have occurred but for delays experienced by the deceased 's family in contacting the ambulance service and later delays by the ambulance service in responding to repeated calls by the police for an ambulance to come to take the deceased to hospital as a matter of urgency ; ( 2 ) in reaching the conclusion that an inquest was unnecessary the coroner had misdirected himself in law for the reasons , inter alia , that ( i ) section 8(1) ( a ) of the coroners act 1988 [] a coroner to hold an inquest where there was  reasonable cause to suspect  that the deceased had died a  violent or unnatural death ;  ( ii ) there had been clear and uncontradicted evidence before the coroner that avoidable and culpable delays by the ambulance service might have been the reason why the deceased 's asthma attack , which could have been treated in hospital , proved fatal , giving rise to a  reasonable cause to suspect  that the cause of the deceased 's death was  unnatural ;  and ( iii ) against that background , the coroner had erred in law in treating the pathologist 's conclusion as conclusive and had either misdirected himself as to the meaning of  unnatural death  in section 8 of the coroners act 1988 or failed to apply the law properly to the facts of the case .

It was suggested that the extension of the period to three years from one required the attribution of a different meaning because the Theophile construction meant that it did not really matter what the period was ; as long as there was a debt , a bankruptcy petition could be presented .
it was suggested that the extension of the period to three years from one [] the attribution of a different meaning because the theophile construction meant that it did not really matter what the period was ; as long as there was a debt , a bankruptcy petition could be presented .

Count 4 charged the offence of a bankrupt removing property contrary to section 354 ( 2 ) of the Insolvency Act 1986 , and alleged that on or about 23 March 1988 the appellant removed property , namely his interest in funds held jointly by himself and his wife amounting to 104,356.55 , possession of which he would have been required to deliver up to the official receiver or the trustee in bankruptcy .
count 4 charged the offence of a bankrupt removing property contrary to section 354 ( 2 ) of the insolvency act 1986 , and alleged that on or about 23 march 1988 the appellant removed property , namely his interest in funds held jointly by himself and his wife amounting to 104,356.55 , possession of which he would have been [] to deliver up to the official receiver or the trustee in bankruptcy .

Thus , for example , a defendant may be required to answer an interrogatory disclosing the whereabouts of property which has been surreptitiously acquired .
thus , for example , a defendant may be [] to answer an interrogatory disclosing the whereabouts of property which has been surreptitiously acquired .

By section 1 ( 3 ) of the Act of 1989 Parliament has required a court exercising this jurisdiction to have regard to a number of considerations and by subsection ( 5 ) has directed the court to make no order , notwithstanding an agreement between the parties , unless it considers that doing so would be better for the child than making no order at all .
by section 1 ( 3 ) of the act of 1989 parliament has [] a court exercising this jurisdiction to have regard to a number of considerations and by subsection ( 5 ) has directed the court to make no order , notwithstanding an agreement between the parties , unless it considers that doing so would be better for the child than making no order at all .

They were required to give no detailed reasons and seldom did so .
they were [] to give no detailed reasons and seldom did so .

The conversations between the officers and the vendors essentially concerned bartering about price , and , to maintain their cover , the officers engaged in friendly banter with the vendors , asked questions such as the area of London it would be unwise to resell the goods , and required the signing of receipts recording the money paid for specified goods .
the conversations between the officers and the vendors essentially concerned bartering about price , and , to maintain their cover , the officers engaged in friendly banter with the vendors , asked questions such as the area of london it would be unwise to resell the goods , and [] the signing of receipts recording the money paid for specified goods .

If a caution was required , it can not be dispensed with simply to facilitate the operation .
if a caution was [] , it can not be dispensed with simply to facilitate the operation .

The judge recognised that the quoted passage required some qualification .
the judge recognised that the quoted passage [] some qualification .

Local Government  Powers  Action by local authority  Sunday trading  Local authority seeking interlocutory injunction to restrain breaches of statutory prohibition  Whether local authority to be required to give cross-undertaking in damages  Shops Act 1950 ( 14 Geo .
local government  powers  action by local authority  sunday trading  local authority seeking interlocutory injunction to restrain breaches of statutory prohibition  whether local authority to be [] to give cross-undertaking in damages  shops act 1950 ( 14 geo .

The question whether the Crown is required in law enforcement proceedings to give such an undertaking was considered in depth in that case .
the question whether the crown is [] in law enforcement proceedings to give such an undertaking was considered in depth in that case .

It was decided , first , that in actions brought by the Crown to enforce or protect its proprietary or contractual rights , it should be in no different position from the ordinary citizen and so should be required to give an undertaking in the usual way .
it was decided , first , that in actions brought by the crown to enforce or protect its proprietary or contractual rights , it should be in no different position from the ordinary citizen and so should be [] to give an undertaking in the usual way .

The first was a relator action in which , once the Attorney-General 's consent had been obtained , the relator stood in the shoes of the plaintiff in an ordinary suit between subject and subject , and an undertaking in damages was required from the relator but not from the Attorney-General .
the first was a relator action in which , once the attorney-general 's consent had been obtained , the relator stood in the shoes of the plaintiff in an ordinary suit between subject and subject , and an undertaking in damages was [] from the relator but not from the attorney-general .

On the other hand it was the submission of Mr. Collins for Wickes that the function of the undertaking in damages required of the council by the Court of Appeal was to protect the right of Wickes which flowed from the direct effect of article 30 , in the event of the European Court of Justice holding , on the reference to it of the Stoke-on-Trent case [ 1991 ] Ch .
on the other hand it was the submission of mr. collins for wickes that the function of the undertaking in damages [] of the council by the court of appeal was to protect the right of wickes which flowed from the direct effect of article 30 , in the event of the european court of justice holding , on the reference to it of the stoke-on-trent case [ 1991 ] ch .

Accordingly , submitted Mr. Collins , such an undertaking was required to give immediate effect to Community law .
accordingly , submitted mr. collins , such an undertaking was [] to give immediate effect to community law .

But there are two other subsidiary matters which reinforce the conclusion that the council should not be required to give such an undertaking .
but there are two other subsidiary matters which reinforce the conclusion that the council should not be [] to give such an undertaking .

It was suggested by Wickes that this was an appropriate case for a reference to the European Court of Justice on the issue raised by the decision of the Court of Appeal that Community law required an undertaking in damages .
it was suggested by wickes that this was an appropriate case for a reference to the european court of justice on the issue raised by the decision of the court of appeal that community law [] an undertaking in damages .

In Mr. Pannick 's submission , section 9 ( 4 ) of the Act of 1975 was intended to do no more than protect  the Crown  from being required by a court to give evidence in proceedings in a foreign court by stipulating that none of its officers or servants can be so required .
in mr. pannick 's submission , section 9 ( 4 ) of the act of 1975 was intended to do no more than protect  the crown  from being [] by a court to give evidence in proceedings in a foreign court by stipulating that none of its officers or servants can be so [] .

Landlord and Tenant  Notice to quit  Termination of tenancy  Land leased by highway authority  until  required  for road widening  Land not so required  Highway authority 's successor in title issuing notice to quit  Whether tenancy terminable by successor  Whether land held on yearly tenancy
landlord and tenant  notice to quit  termination of tenancy  land leased by highway authority  until  []  for road widening  land not so []  highway authority 's successor in title issuing notice to quit  whether tenancy terminable by successor  whether land held on yearly tenancy

In 1930 the owner of a strip of land fronting a highway sold the land to the council , which contemporaneously leased it back to him upon terms set out in a memorandum of agreement providing that  the tenancy shall continue until the  land is required by the council for the purposes of the widening of  the highway .
in 1930 the owner of a strip of land fronting a highway sold the land to the council , which contemporaneously leased it back to him upon terms set out in a memorandum of agreement providing that  the tenancy shall continue until the  land is [] by the council for the purposes of the widening of  the highway .

The plaintiffs sought a declaration that the tenancy could only be determined upon the land being required for road widening .
the plaintiffs sought a declaration that the tenancy could only be determined upon the land being [] for road widening .

 The tenancy shall continue until the said land is required by the council for the purposes of the widening of Walworth Road and the street paving works rendered necessary thereby and the council shall give two months ' notice to the tenant at least prior to the day of determination when the said land is so required and thereupon the tenant shall give vacant possession to the council of the said land 
 the tenancy shall continue until the said land is [] by the council for the purposes of the widening of walworth road and the street paving works rendered necessary thereby and the council shall give two months ' notice to the tenant at least prior to the day of determination when the said land is so [] and thereupon the tenant shall give vacant possession to the council of the said land 

By the agreement , the tenant was authorised to erect  temporary one storey shops or buildings of one storey and for the retention of such shops or buildings as temporary structures  until the land was required for road widening and he was then bound to remove the temporary structures and clear the land .
by the agreement , the tenant was authorised to erect  temporary one storey shops or buildings of one storey and for the retention of such shops or buildings as temporary structures  until the land was [] for road widening and he was then bound to remove the temporary structures and clear the land .

Now it is said that when in the present case the tenant entered pursuant to the agreement and paid a yearly rent he became a tenant from year to year on the terms of the agreement including clause 6 which prevents the landlord from giving notice to quit until the land is required for road widening .
now it is said that when in the present case the tenant entered pursuant to the agreement and paid a yearly rent he became a tenant from year to year on the terms of the agreement including clause 6 which prevents the landlord from giving notice to quit until the land is [] for road widening .

The Court of Appeal have however concluded that the notice was ineffective and that the landlord can not give a valid notice until the land is required  for the purposes of the widening of Walworth Road  in conformity with clause 6 of the agreement .
the court of appeal have however concluded that the notice was ineffective and that the landlord can not give a valid notice until the land is []  for the purposes of the widening of walworth road  in conformity with clause 6 of the agreement .

 save that it can be required by Matlodge [ the purchaser ] to give possession on not less than one quarter 's notice in writing upon Matlodge certifying that it is ready at the expiration of such notice forthwith to proceed with the development of the property and the neighbouring property involving , inter alia , the demolition of the property .
 save that it can be [] by matlodge [ the purchaser ] to give possession on not less than one quarter 's notice in writing upon matlodge certifying that it is ready at the expiration of such notice forthwith to proceed with the development of the property and the neighbouring property involving , inter alia , the demolition of the property .

When issuing a debtor 's petition , the following are required : ( i ) the petition and statement of affairs with three copies of the petition and two copies of the statement of affairs ( r6.42 ) ; ( ii ) receipt for the deposit of 120 ( Insolvency Fees ( Amendment ) Order 1990 ) ; ( iii ) fee : 15 .
when issuing a debtor 's petition , the following are [] : ( i ) the petition and statement of affairs with three copies of the petition and two copies of the statement of affairs ( r6.42 ) ; ( ii ) receipt for the deposit of 120 ( insolvency fees ( amendment ) order 1990 ) ; ( iii ) fee : 15 .

The statement of affairs must be in Form 6.33 ( in Sched 4 to the rules ) and must contain all the particulars required by that form ( r 6.59 ) .
the statement of affairs must be in form 6.33 ( in sched 4 to the rules ) and must contain all the particulars [] by that form ( r 6.59 ) .

The bankrupt may be required to submit accounts for the previous three years and to provide additional information as may be required by the official receiver ( rr 6.646.66 ) .
the bankrupt may be [] to submit accounts for the previous three years and to provide additional information as may be [] by the official receiver ( rr 6.646.66 ) .

Under such conditions the total correction required to counter the combination of the effects of wind and pressure meant subtracting 0.6m to 0.7m from the normal predicted tide level .
under such conditions the total correction [] to counter the combination of the effects of wind and pressure meant subtracting 0.6m to 0.7m from the normal predicted tide level .

The original model required a special bracket to be fitted to the aft end of the cockpit coaming .
the original model [] a special bracket to be fitted to the aft end of the cockpit coaming .

Only the Rutland and the Wasp generators required the angle of attack of the blades to be set manually .
only the rutland and the wasp generators [] the angle of attack of the blades to be set manually .

An invitation is required for each republic to be visited .
an invitation is [] for each republic to be visited .

When Reza Shah crowned himself in 1926 , Muhammad Reza was appointed Crown Prince , or Valiahd , and everyone was thenceforth required to address him as `` Your Highness `` .
when reza shah crowned himself in 1926 , muhammad reza was appointed crown prince , or valiahd , and everyone was thenceforth [] to address him as `` your highness `` .

It was often said later that it was in Switzerland that Muhammad Reza required a sympathy for aspect of democracy , and that his subsequent attempts to reconcile such notions with the governance of Iran proved to be difficult .
it was often said later that it was in switzerland that muhammad reza [] a sympathy for aspect of democracy , and that his subsequent attempts to reconcile such notions with the governance of iran proved to be difficult .

But in the end they and the Russians decided to install him on his fathers throne ; They reasoned that the could always be replaced if he did not do as was required .
but in the end they and the russians decided to install him on his fathers throne ; they reasoned that the could always be replaced if he did not do as was [] .

After this the Jewish community began to spread into Persian , and by the mid-twentieth century there were probably about 100,00 Jews in Iran , Until Rexa Kahn seized power they were required to
after this the jewish community began to spread into persian , and by the mid-twentieth century there were probably about 100,00 jews in iran , until rexa kahn seized power they were [] to

Detector manufacturers select the type and number of batteries used in any particular model , according to two main factors : the power required and the space available .
detector manufacturers select the type and number of batteries used in any particular model , according to two main factors : the power [] and the space available .

Splaying can be a problem on the female terminals in the tray , and a pair of long-nosed pliers are required to cure this .
splaying can be a problem on the female terminals in the tray , and a pair of long-nosed pliers are [] to cure this .

On the periphery of the Lunar landing operation itself , Armstrong was required to carry out a series of tests and experiments .
on the periphery of the lunar landing operation itself , armstrong was [] to carry out a series of tests and experiments .

For centuries the continual struggle of ordinary country folk to harvest an income to keep them and their families above starvation level meant that they were always prepared to swallow their pride and go , cap in hand , to the gentry for a few vital coppers The same philosophy spawned the hiring fairs ( which continued until the second half of the century ) when the  spare  children of rural ( and sometimes urban ) families , not required for work at home , were sent to stand at appointed places where prospective employers could examine and interrogate them checking their limbs for strength and making sure they were properly subservient There was n't a deal of difference , fundamentally , between hiring fairs ( as immortalized by Thomas Hardy in Far From the Madding Crowd and the weekly cattle auctions held in market towns .
for centuries the continual struggle of ordinary country folk to harvest an income to keep them and their families above starvation level meant that they were always prepared to swallow their pride and go , cap in hand , to the gentry for a few vital coppers the same philosophy spawned the hiring fairs ( which continued until the second half of the century ) when the  spare  children of rural ( and sometimes urban ) families , not [] for work at home , were sent to stand at appointed places where prospective employers could examine and interrogate them checking their limbs for strength and making sure they were properly subservient there was n't a deal of difference , fundamentally , between hiring fairs ( as immortalized by thomas hardy in far from the madding crowd and the weekly cattle auctions held in market towns .

She has been known to stop the traffic on one of her book-signing sessions , a situation which eventually required the police to gently and good-humouredly sort it out .
she has been known to stop the traffic on one of her book-signing sessions , a situation which eventually [] the police to gently and good-humouredly sort it out .

Age is a vital piece of information for the pharmacist because different strengths and dosages of medicine may be required for the very young or the elderly .
age is a vital piece of information for the pharmacist because different strengths and dosages of medicine may be [] for the very young or the elderly .

Specifying the number of days treatment allows the pharmacist to work out the exact number of tablets required , rather than the doctor having to do it .
specifying the number of days treatment allows the pharmacist to work out the exact number of tablets [] , rather than the doctor having to do it .

As with all stimulants , depression sets in when the initial stimulant effect wears off and a further dose of stimulant is required to counteract the depression .
as with all stimulants , depression sets in when the initial stimulant effect wears off and a further dose of stimulant is [] to counteract the depression .

Stubbornness : The resistance to change in ideas on addictive disease tends to be considerably beyond what is required for normal intellectual scepticism .
stubbornness : the resistance to change in ideas on addictive disease tends to be considerably beyond what is [] for normal intellectual scepticism .

No dues or fees are required by the Family Fellowships , especially not from newcomers .
no dues or fees are [] by the family fellowships , especially not from newcomers .

Whether `` a manner of living which demands rigorous honesty `` is all that is required is quite possibly true but there may be any number of blocks in the road towards that manner of living .
whether `` a manner of living which demands rigorous honesty `` is all that is [] is quite possibly true but there may be any number of blocks in the road towards that manner of living .

Absolutely perfect adherence to the 12 Steps is unobtainable but each and every sufferer has the capacity to make progress from whatever his or her starting position may have been and this is all that is required .
absolutely perfect adherence to the 12 steps is unobtainable but each and every sufferer has the capacity to make progress from whatever his or her starting position may have been and this is all that is [] .

Nor is religious conversion required : the God of the Anonymous Fellowships is as each member understands ( or does not understand ) a personal concept of God ; the only unacceptable God is self .
nor is religious conversion [] : the god of the anonymous fellowships is as each member understands ( or does not understand ) a personal concept of god ; the only unacceptable god is self .

We indicate several places where modifications may be required for alternative underlying semantics .
we indicate several places where modifications may be [] for alternative underlying semantics .

Any finite , non divergent , behaviour of a program has required only finitely many iterations of any loop .
any finite , non divergent , behaviour of a program has [] only finitely many iterations of any loop .

This is because our semantic model ( chosen because it expresses the weakest equivalence required for most practical correctness issues ) does not distinguish between processes on the grounds of what communications can be observed after the refusal of specific sets .
this is because our semantic model ( chosen because it expresses the weakest equivalence [] for most practical correctness issues ) does not distinguish between processes on the grounds of what communications can be observed after the refusal of specific sets .

However any such rule would be inelegant and be impossible to apply in practice because of the prohibitive amount of case checking required .
however any such rule would be inelegant and be impossible to apply in practice because of the prohibitive amount of case checking [] .

For the number of members required for a quorum , see s.5 ( 3 ) .
for the number of members [] for a quorum , see s.5 ( 3 ) .

The clerk is required to make the application available for inspection during normal office hours by members of the public from the date of lodging until the first day of the meeting at which it is to be considered ( subs .
the clerk is [] to make the application available for inspection during normal office hours by members of the public from the date of lodging until the first day of the meeting at which it is to be considered ( subs .

He is also required , not later than three weeks before the date of the meeting , to give written notice of his application to all the occupiers of premises situated in the same building as the premises to which the application relates ( subs .
he is also [] , not later than three weeks before the date of the meeting , to give written notice of his application to all the occupiers of premises situated in the same building as the premises to which the application relates ( subs .

Under s.26 ( 2 ) , a plan of the premises need not be lodged but only a site plan is required until the provisional grant is affirmed .
under s.26 ( 2 ) , a plan of the premises need not be lodged but only a site plan is [] until the provisional grant is affirmed .

The notice given should be reasonable , and the date , time and place at which the applicant 's attendance is required should be specified , with a reference to the relevant section of the Act , viz .
the notice given should be reasonable , and the date , time and place at which the applicant 's attendance is [] should be specified , with a reference to the relevant section of the act , viz .

( 2 ) Reasons for decisions referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above ma be required to be given by the board in writing on a request being ma e to the clerk of the board , not more than 48 hours after the decision is made , by the applicant or , as the case may be , by the holder of the licence , or by any objector , or by any complainer who appeared at the hearing .
( 2 ) reasons for decisions referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above ma be [] to be given by the board in writing on a request being ma e to the clerk of the board , not more than 48 hours after the decision is made , by the applicant or , as the case may be , by the holder of the licence , or by any objector , or by any complainer who appeared at the hearing .

( 1 ) a board can only be required to give reasons in connection with the types of decision specified in s.5 ( 2 ) where the request for a decision is made in accordance with subs .
( 1 ) a board can only be [] to give reasons in connection with the types of decision specified in s.5 ( 2 ) where the request for a decision is made in accordance with subs .

( 2 ) The clerk of a licensing board shall , when lawfully required , make out a duplicate of any licence issued by him under this section and shall certify such duplicate to be a true copy of the original licence , and any such duplicate , duly certified as aforesaid , shall be sufficient evidence of the facts therein contained and of the terms of the original licence .
( 2 ) the clerk of a licensing board shall , when lawfully [] , make out a duplicate of any licence issued by him under this section and shall certify such duplicate to be a true copy of the original licence , and any such duplicate , duly certified as aforesaid , shall be sufficient evidence of the facts therein contained and of the terms of the original licence .

( 2 ) In relation to planning , the certificate from the appropriate authority should state that the applicant has obtained in respect of the premises planning permission under the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , outline planning permission under sections 39 and 40 of that Act , or , in either case , a determination under section 51 of that Act that planning permission is not required .
( 2 ) in relation to planning , the certificate from the appropriate authority should state that the applicant has obtained in respect of the premises planning permission under the town and country planning ( scotland ) act 1972 or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , outline planning permission under sections 39 and 40 of that act , or , in either case , a determination under section 51 of that act that planning permission is not [] .

( 3 ) In relation to building control , the certificate from the appropriate authority ( a ) in the case of an application for a new licence , should state ( i ) either that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the Building ( Scotland ) Act 1959 and a certificate of completion has been granted under section 9 of that Act , or that no warrant for construction of the premises is required ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 or that no such warrant is required ; and ( b ) in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , should state ( i ) that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the said Act of 1959 ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 , or that on completion of the construction of the premises in accordance with the warrant a warrant for the change of use will be granted , or that no such warrant is required .
( 3 ) in relation to building control , the certificate from the appropriate authority ( a ) in the case of an application for a new licence , should state ( i ) either that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the building ( scotland ) act 1959 and a certificate of completion has been granted under section 9 of that act , or that no warrant for construction of the premises is [] ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 or that no such warrant is [] ; and ( b ) in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , should state ( i ) that a warrant for the construction of the premises has been granted under section 6 of the said act of 1959 ; and ( ii ) either that a warrant for the change of use of the premises has been granted under the said section 6 , or that on completion of the construction of the premises in accordance with the warrant a warrant for the change of use will be granted , or that no such warrant is [] .

5.51 enables a person who intends to carry out Operations on land to apply to the local authority for a determination as to whether planning permission is required .
5.51 enables a person who intends to carry out operations on land to apply to the local authority for a determination as to whether planning permission is [] .

( 7 ) An application for an occasional licence under this section shall be made in writing to the clerk of the licensing board and shall specify the name and address of the applicant , the premises or place and occasion for which the licence is required , and the hours and period for which the licence is requested .
( 7 ) an application for an occasional licence under this section shall be made in writing to the clerk of the licensing board and shall specify the name and address of the applicant , the premises or place and occasion for which the licence is [] , and the hours and period for which the licence is requested .

Consent of licensing board required for reconstruction , etc. of certain licensed premises
consent of licensing board [] for reconstruction , etc. of certain licensed premises

( 1 ) No reconstruction or extension of or alteration in any premises in respect of which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is in force , being a reconstruction , extension or alteration which will affect a public or common part of such remises or any communication with such part , shall be made unless the licensing board within whose area such premises are situated has consented to such reconstruction , extension or alteration at a quarterly meeting of the board or at such other time as may be appointed by the board , or unless such reconstruction , extension or alteration is required by order of some lawful authority .
( 1 ) no reconstruction or extension of or alteration in any premises in respect of which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is in force , being a reconstruction , extension or alteration which will affect a public or common part of such remises or any communication with such part , shall be made unless the licensing board within whose area such premises are situated has consented to such reconstruction , extension or alteration at a quarterly meeting of the board or at such other time as may be appointed by the board , or unless such reconstruction , extension or alteration is [] by order of some lawful authority .

( 1 ) Without prejudice to its other powers under this Act , a licensing board may make byelaws for any of the following purposes ( a ) for closing licensed premises wholly or partially on New Year 's Day , and on such other days not being more than four in any one year as the board may think expedient for special reasons ; ( b ) for prohibiting holders of licences from residing in their licensed premises , or for requiring the dwellinghouses of holders of licences to be separate from their licensed premises ; ( c ) for requiring all wines , made-wines and spirits sold by the holder of an off-sale licence to be sold in corked , stoppered or sealed vessels , cans , jars or casks ; ( d ) for requiring every holder of a hotel or public house licence to keep in his licensed premises and to renew from day to day a sufficient supply of drinking water , and such eatables as may be specified in the byelaw , and to display , offer and supply the same as may be required by the byelaw ; ( e ) for printing a list of all applications coming before any meeting of the licensing board , with such other information as may be considered necessary by the board ; ( f ) for the setting out of conditions which may be attached to licences for the improvement of standards of , and conduct in , licensed premises ; ( g ) for the granting of a licence of a type other than that applied for ; Provided that a byelaw made under paragraph ( c ) above shall not apply to licensed premises where no groceries are kept or sold and where a bona fide wholesale business in alcoholic liquor is carried on .
( 1 ) without prejudice to its other powers under this act , a licensing board may make byelaws for any of the following purposes ( a ) for closing licensed premises wholly or partially on new year 's day , and on such other days not being more than four in any one year as the board may think expedient for special reasons ; ( b ) for prohibiting holders of licences from residing in their licensed premises , or for requiring the dwellinghouses of holders of licences to be separate from their licensed premises ; ( c ) for requiring all wines , made-wines and spirits sold by the holder of an off-sale licence to be sold in corked , stoppered or sealed vessels , cans , jars or casks ; ( d ) for requiring every holder of a hotel or public house licence to keep in his licensed premises and to renew from day to day a sufficient supply of drinking water , and such eatables as may be specified in the byelaw , and to display , offer and supply the same as may be [] by the byelaw ; ( e ) for printing a list of all applications coming before any meeting of the licensing board , with such other information as may be considered necessary by the board ; ( f ) for the setting out of conditions which may be attached to licences for the improvement of standards of , and conduct in , licensed premises ; ( g ) for the granting of a licence of a type other than that applied for ; provided that a byelaw made under paragraph ( c ) above shall not apply to licensed premises where no groceries are kept or sold and where a bona fide wholesale business in alcoholic liquor is carried on .

( e ) As to the list of applications of new applicants which the clerk to the licensing court is required by the Act to publish , see s.12 .
( e ) as to the list of applications of new applicants which the clerk to the licensing court is [] by the act to publish , see s.12 .

( 7 ) On remitting a case to a licensing board under subsection ( 6 ) above , the sheriff may : ( a ) specify a date by which the rehearing by the board must take place ; modify any procedural steps which otherwise would be required in relation to the matter by or under any enactment ; and any decision of a licensing board on any such case shall be valid as if reached at a quarterly meeting as mentioned in section 4(1) ( a ) of this Act .
( 7 ) on remitting a case to a licensing board under subsection ( 6 ) above , the sheriff may : ( a ) specify a date by which the rehearing by the board must take place ; modify any procedural steps which otherwise would be [] in relation to the matter by or under any enactment ; and any decision of a licensing board on any such case shall be valid as if reached at a quarterly meeting as mentioned in section 4(1) ( a ) of this act .

( 2 ) Before application is made for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , draft rules as to the persons entitled to use the canteen shall be prepared for submission with the application , and the licensing board shall refuse to grant the licence unless the body providing the canteen undertake to make rules for the canteen in the form of the draft , with the modifications , if any , required by the licensing board , and not to vary those rules without the consent of the licensing board .
( 2 ) before application is made for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , draft rules as to the persons entitled to use the canteen shall be prepared for submission with the application , and the licensing board shall refuse to grant the licence unless the body providing the canteen undertake to make rules for the canteen in the form of the draft , with the modifications , if any , [] by the licensing board , and not to vary those rules without the consent of the licensing board .

It covers : The basic and advanced techniques required for instrument flight .
it covers : the basic and advanced techniques [] for instrument flight .

The techniques required for making full use of the radio and navigation aids available .
the techniques [] for making full use of the radio and navigation aids available .

The techniques required for let-down and approach procedures , arrivals and departures in instrument flying conditions .
the techniques [] for let-down and approach procedures , arrivals and departures in instrument flying conditions .

The techniques required for flight on airways .
the techniques [] for flight on airways .

Attitudes in excess of 80 in pitch and roll may cause the gyro to topple and some minutes will be required for it to re-erect .
attitudes in excess of 80 in pitch and roll may cause the gyro to topple and some minutes will be [] for it to re-erect .

To avoid northerly and southerly turning errors use the stop-watch and turn the required time at rate 1 .
to avoid northerly and southerly turning errors use the stop-watch and turn the [] time at rate 1 .

Apply climb power and raise the pitch attitude to the required position .
apply climb power and raise the pitch attitude to the [] position .

Adjust power as necessary as speed reaches the required figure .
adjust power as necessary as speed reaches the [] figure .

Hold the required attitude , and when the speed has stabilised , adjust if necessary by a quarter of a bar ; a half bar maximum at any one time .
hold the [] attitude , and when the speed has stabilised , adjust if necessary by a quarter of a bar ; a half bar maximum at any one time .

The level flight attitude will be achieved as the Altimeter comes onto the required height , and speed onto the required figure .
the level flight attitude will be achieved as the altimeter comes onto the [] height , and speed onto the [] figure .

Reduce the power to the required rpm just before speed is as required .
reduce the power to the [] rpm just before speed is as [] .

Hold the required pitch and roll attitude and check balance and heading .
hold the [] pitch and roll attitude and check balance and heading .

Having held the required pitch attitude long enough  say 1015 seconds  for the performance instruments to stabilise , then check the height .
having held the [] pitch attitude long enough  say 1015 seconds  for the performance instruments to stabilise , then check the height .

If at a higher speed then reduce to the required figure before commencing descent .
if at a higher speed then reduce to the [] figure before commencing descent .

Reduce power to the required rpm or Manifold Pressure .
reduce power to the [] rpm or manifold pressure .

The Airspeed Indicator and Altimeter will be scanned as required .
the airspeed indicator and altimeter will be scanned as [] .

Ease off the bank to stop the turn when the stop-watch shows the required number of seconds of turn .
ease off the bank to stop the turn when the stop-watch shows the [] number of seconds of turn .

Stabilise a desired performance , and bring the aircraft back to the required Altitude/Flight Level .
stabilise a desired performance , and bring the aircraft back to the [] altitude/flight level .

Determined and persistent concentration on the aircraft instruments is often required to overcome the feeling of disorientation .
determined and persistent concentration on the aircraft instruments is often [] to overcome the feeling of disorientation .

On the instrument rating test you are required to adjust your outbound time so as to produce and overall time of 4 minutes .
on the instrument rating test you are [] to adjust your outbound time so as to produce and overall time of 4 minutes .

Similarly if the previous pattern was longer than required , reduce the outbound time by half the error .
similarly if the previous pattern was longer than [] , reduce the outbound time by half the error .

Corrections to regain a required track
corrections to regain a [] track

You must know your aircraft well enough to be able immediately to set up the Attitude and Power for the required descent rate .
you must know your aircraft well enough to be able immediately to set up the attitude and power for the [] descent rate .

To make good a specific track to and from a station you must find the heading required with a known or unknown wind .
to make good a specific track to and from a station you must find the heading [] with a known or unknown wind .

He had required nine attempts before passing the British Instrument Rating Test .
he had [] nine attempts before passing the british instrument rating test .

As you have seen in the previous exercise , the interception angle is normally decided by you , based on the number of degrees off the required track and also the wind effect .
as you have seen in the previous exercise , the interception angle is normally decided by you , based on the number of degrees off the [] track and also the wind effect .

In fact it allowed very few off-worlders on to the planet , and they were mostly technicians with special skills  who were required to live restricted lives in special compounds , hardly ever mixing with the local population .
in fact it allowed very few off-worlders on to the planet , and they were mostly technicians with special skills  who were [] to live restricted lives in special compounds , hardly ever mixing with the local population .

The Vadinamians like to stage Recovery as if it was some kind of major ceremonial  with the required assembling of all the off-worlders , the exact timing and so on .
the vadinamians like to stage recovery as if it was some kind of major ceremonial  with the [] assembling of all the off-worlders , the exact timing and so on .

The off-worlders are all required to be there so that the Vadinamians can know where they are and can watch them .
the off-worlders are all [] to be there so that the vadinamians can know where they are and can watch them .

He seemed to think that they required explanation .
he seemed to think that they [] explanation .

`` And it would n't have required particular force .
`` and it would n't have [] particular force .

d ) The degree of accuracy required : the sophistication ( and cost ) of a single or composite forecasting process will determine the resulting accuracy .
d ) the degree of accuracy [] : the sophistication ( and cost ) of a single or composite forecasting process will determine the resulting accuracy .

e ) Type of data required : will be determined by the forecasting methods to be employed and the budget available for finding and assembling such information .
e ) type of data [] : will be determined by the forecasting methods to be employed and the budget available for finding and assembling such information .

Choice of forecasting The choice of method will depend on method ( i ) forecasting objectives ; ( ii ) time scales required ; ( iii ) the relative importance of the forecast ; ( iv ) the degree of accuracy required ; ( v ) the type of data required ; ( vi ) the availability of data ; ( vii ) access to forecasting skills and methods ; ( viii ) company experience with forecasting .
choice of forecasting the choice of method will depend on method ( i ) forecasting objectives ; ( ii ) time scales [] ; ( iii ) the relative importance of the forecast ; ( iv ) the degree of accuracy [] ; ( v ) the type of data [] ; ( vi ) the availability of data ; ( vii ) access to forecasting skills and methods ; ( viii ) company experience with forecasting .

The marketer must understand why people want or need products , so that he or she can : * group ( or `` segment `` ) different people according to those reasons for purchase ( see chapter sixteen ) ; * design and distribute products which will deliver the required `` satisfactions `` for these needs or wants ; * target promotional activities on these different people so that they become aware of the satisfactions on offer from the supplier , and are encouraged to make the actual purchase .
the marketer must understand why people want or need products , so that he or she can : * group ( or `` segment `` ) different people according to those reasons for purchase ( see chapter sixteen ) ; * design and distribute products which will deliver the [] `` satisfactions `` for these needs or wants ; * target promotional activities on these different people so that they become aware of the satisfactions on offer from the supplier , and are encouraged to make the actual purchase .

Single girls particularly spoke about skin care as a specific problem for which special products are required .
single girls particularly spoke about skin care as a specific problem for which special products are [] .

Just think of the capital investment required to manufacture cars , steel or cornflakes .
just think of the capital investment [] to manufacture cars , steel or cornflakes .

Whatever the reason for the review , the purchasing function will be required to examine alternative sources of supply , or alternative products capable of meeting an existing or predictable need .
whatever the reason for the review , the purchasing function will be [] to examine alternative sources of supply , or alternative products capable of meeting an existing or predictable need .

b ) The User : the concern of `` the user or recipient of the product will centre on whether or not the alternatives available meet the required operating or performance specifications .
b ) the user : the concern of `` the user or recipient of the product will centre on whether or not the alternatives available meet the [] operating or performance specifications .

* Personality  which is believed to be significant in the `` trickle down `` process ( or diffusion ) of new products In particular , opinion leaders may be important in increasing the level of recognition and acceptance of a new product , or in situations where innovatory behaviour is required of the consumer ( for example in purchasing a completely new car model as soon as it is launched ) .
* personality  which is believed to be significant in the `` trickle down `` process ( or diffusion ) of new products in particular , opinion leaders may be important in increasing the level of recognition and acceptance of a new product , or in situations where innovatory behaviour is [] of the consumer ( for example in purchasing a completely new car model as soon as it is launched ) .

Segmentation based on usage contexts is held to be particularly efficient because it permits product and marketing planning to be based on customer perceptions of what is required of , or desirable in that product .
segmentation based on usage contexts is held to be particularly efficient because it permits product and marketing planning to be based on customer perceptions of what is [] of , or desirable in that product .

Existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if required form point of purchase .
existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if [] form point of purchase .

Heeding Lady Barber 's wish that the  purchases for the Collection shall be of that standard of quality required by the National Gallery and the Wallace Collection  , the Trustees have succeeded in acquiring over the years a group of paintings , drawings , sculptures , and objet d'art of exceptional merit , a number of them undisputed masterpieces .
heeding lady barber 's wish that the  purchases for the collection shall be of that standard of quality [] by the national gallery and the wallace collection  , the trustees have succeeded in acquiring over the years a group of paintings , drawings , sculptures , and objet d'art of exceptional merit , a number of them undisputed masterpieces .

Such schemes should be judged on their merits and improved efficiency and they should mean that , in total , the hospitals still carry out all the functions required in the district .
such schemes should be judged on their merits and improved efficiency and they should mean that , in total , the hospitals still carry out all the functions [] in the district .

It would not be appropriate to make it a condition of sale , as is required by new clause 4 , that new companies should participate in the existing pension scheme .
it would not be appropriate to make it a condition of sale , as is [] by new clause 4 , that new companies should participate in the existing pension scheme .

German musicians preferred to compose operas in Italian  or were required to do so .
german musicians preferred to compose operas in italian  or were [] to do so .

The pragmatic nature of this relationship with referred heads is exemplified by the absence of almost any interest in the collation of information about the pupils attending the centre . None is required of schools and only the barest details are maintained on the files :
the pragmatic nature of this relationship with referred heads is exemplified by the absence of almost any interest in the collation of information about the pupils attending the centre . none is [] of schools and only the barest details are maintained on the files :

More resources are required and one has to acknowledge that because of their absence the teaching profession is wary of accepting additional responsibilities .
more resources are [] and one has to acknowledge that because of their absence the teaching profession is wary of accepting additional responsibilities .

The school 's philosophy of child-centred education required that an individual-based assessment of problems and difficulties be attempted .
the school 's philosophy of child-centred education [] that an individual-based assessment of problems and difficulties be attempted .

The amount of time required to pursue a highly individualized approach can not be discounted .
the amount of time [] to pursue a highly individualized approach can not be discounted .

The time required for arranging meetings , preparing reports , attending assessment panels , producing and circulating minutes , contacting relevant staff and monitoring induction and/or progress is considerable .
the time [] for arranging meetings , preparing reports , attending assessment panels , producing and circulating minutes , contacting relevant staff and monitoring induction and/or progress is considerable .

Exploration of school deviance , however , indicates that an alternative position is required .
exploration of school deviance , however , indicates that an alternative position is [] .

More effort is required , however , to begin to question the whole logic on which our selection of school knowledge is based .
more effort is [] , however , to begin to question the whole logic on which our selection of school knowledge is based .

Again , a few minutes on the personal computer is all that is required .
again , a few minutes on the personal computer is all that is [] .

It should be pointed out , however , that a company need only carry out such a  cost of quality  calculation where it is unsure whether the extra effort required to improve quality ( i.e .
it should be pointed out , however , that a company need only carry out such a  cost of quality  calculation where it is unsure whether the extra effort [] to improve quality ( i.e .

It follows that , if the Japanese do incorporate imputed interest charges , they are obviously trying to assess whether the cash inflows are sufficient to meet all claims upon them , including the yields required by shareholders .
it follows that , if the japanese do incorporate imputed interest charges , they are obviously trying to assess whether the cash inflows are sufficient to meet all claims upon them , including the yields [] by shareholders .

It was made very clear in chapter 1 that , in determining the yields required on investment , it is possible to formulate the required rate of return according to the level of the corporate group addressed .
it was made very clear in chapter 1 that , in determining the yields [] on investment , it is possible to formulate the [] rate of return according to the level of the corporate group addressed .

The required yield from the division may then be stable for long periods , apart from variations in the level of interest rates generally .
the [] yield from the division may then be stable for long periods , apart from variations in the level of interest rates generally .

He will need to be informed about new strategic departures and their effects upon the covariance between corporate and market-index returns so that he can alter the portfolio held if the risk-return mix is not the one desired ; but corporate diversification to manage total risk is not required by the shareholder .
he will need to be informed about new strategic departures and their effects upon the covariance between corporate and market-index returns so that he can alter the portfolio held if the risk-return mix is not the one desired ; but corporate diversification to manage total risk is not [] by the shareholder .

All he has done is to show , in a crude way , that , in order to increase the market value of the firm , one needs to identify opportunities where actual returns exceed those required for the risk involved !
all he has done is to show , in a crude way , that , in order to increase the market value of the firm , one needs to identify opportunities where actual returns exceed those [] for the risk involved !

While financial managers address this question more directly , using the appropriate cost of capital to show how different strategies will increase the market value of the company , Graham does seem to demonstrate that the market does value returns in excess of a required yield allowing for risk .
while financial managers address this question more directly , using the appropriate cost of capital to show how different strategies will increase the market value of the company , graham does seem to demonstrate that the market does value returns in excess of a [] yield allowing for risk .

Secondly , we should not overestimate the frequency with which really urgent strategic decisions are required .
secondly , we should not overestimate the frequency with which really urgent strategic decisions are [] .

Successful implementation of decisions , he says , depends on three factors : good motivation , high commitment to the action selected , and common expectations of what is required .
successful implementation of decisions , he says , depends on three factors : good motivation , high commitment to the action selected , and common expectations of what is [] .

Dependent on the diversity of response , the decision on the proposed change may be resolved or persuasion in some form may be required .
dependent on the diversity of response , the decision on the proposed change may be resolved or persuasion in some form may be [] .

The change-manager will no doubt contemplate the required strategy before releasing his ( or her ) proposals , just as Quinn would suggest , but he will still need to be adept at riding the waves of change .
the change-manager will no doubt contemplate the [] strategy before releasing his ( or her ) proposals , just as quinn would suggest , but he will still need to be adept at riding the waves of change .

It required sewing together , then cropping , scouring with just enough caustic soda so that the fabric would not tear , and bleaching with peroxide , which then had to be well washed out .
it [] sewing together , then cropping , scouring with just enough caustic soda so that the fabric would not tear , and bleaching with peroxide , which then had to be well washed out .

These were all new processes which required space , machinery , an increasing range of chemicals and personnel .
these were all new processes which [] space , machinery , an increasing range of chemicals and personnel .

To bring him up to the required standard he had to go to a boarding preparatory school , which he loathed so much he escaped over the wall and hitchhiked home .
to bring him up to the [] standard he had to go to a boarding preparatory school , which he loathed so much he escaped over the wall and hitchhiked home .

Lynda Kee-Scott 's clothes had to maintain the traditional English country-girl look , but were required to broaden the appeal .
lynda kee-scott 's clothes had to maintain the traditional english country-girl look , but were [] to broaden the appeal .

Many in the company , not only Laura and Bernard , were required to undertake extensive travelling .
many in the company , not only laura and bernard , were [] to undertake extensive travelling .

She realized that she achieved her most impressive results when faced with an empty room ; this forced her , she said , to feel the sort of fabric and decor that was required .
she realized that she achieved her most impressive results when faced with an empty room ; this forced her , she said , to feel the sort of fabric and decor that was [] .

Large flowers and multi-coloured chintzes , the traditional fare of the aristocratic cluttered English country house , now abounded within the collection ; they required large windows and large rooms .
large flowers and multi-coloured chintzes , the traditional fare of the aristocratic cluttered english country house , now abounded within the collection ; they [] large windows and large rooms .

It was quite meaningless , but at least he 'd got the required information .
it was quite meaningless , but at least he 'd got the [] information .

When she saw him , she let out a little cry ( that bit took ages to rehearse : every bit that required Lady Laetitia to do more than flash her tits took ages ) , then turned and ran to the end of the room .
when she saw him , she let out a little cry ( that bit took ages to rehearse : every bit that [] lady laetitia to do more than flash her tits took ages ) , then turned and ran to the end of the room .

He gave four reasons for deciding in favour of a binary system : the demand for vocational , professional and industrial based courses required a separate sector with a separate tradition and outlook ; a ladder system with the universities at the head would inevitably depress and degrade morale and standards in the non-university sector ; there was a need for a substantial part of the higher education system to be under social control and directly responsible to social needs ; and , lastly , no other country in the western world downgraded its non-university professional and technical sector .
he gave four reasons for deciding in favour of a binary system : the demand for vocational , professional and industrial based courses [] a separate sector with a separate tradition and outlook ; a ladder system with the universities at the head would inevitably depress and degrade morale and standards in the non-university sector ; there was a need for a substantial part of the higher education system to be under social control and directly responsible to social needs ; and , lastly , no other country in the western world downgraded its non-university professional and technical sector .

In any case , the attractiveness of the Dip.HE for mature students who are not required to possess the two A-levels qualification will presumably remain .
in any case , the attractiveness of the dip.he for mature students who are not [] to possess the two a-levels qualification will presumably remain .

Third , new entrants who have completed a full-time one-year pre-service course should be required to undertake an induction programme equivalent to one day 's release a week for one term .
third , new entrants who have completed a full-time one-year pre-service course should be [] to undertake an induction programme equivalent to one day 's release a week for one term .

They had tried out various  templates   all of them embellishments on what already existed  but none of them had shown the kind of delicacy required .
they had tried out various  templates   all of them embellishments on what already existed  but none of them had shown the kind of delicacy [] .

Several joined in to complain about the tribute required by the deputy in Riba .
several joined in to complain about the tribute [] by the deputy in riba .

Where a tailored , modern and unfussy line is required Roman blinds would be ideal .
where a tailored , modern and unfussy line is [] roman blinds would be ideal .

The thinner the fabric the more fullness is required .
the thinner the fabric the more fullness is [] .

The amount of fabric fullness required is variable and although a minimum of twice the length of the curtain fixture is satisfactory , two and a quarter to two and a half times fullness is preferable to achieve a well-balanced , attractive pleating arrangement .
the amount of fabric fullness [] is variable and although a minimum of twice the length of the curtain fixture is satisfactory , two and a quarter to two and a half times fullness is preferable to achieve a well-balanced , attractive pleating arrangement .

The larger the curtains , the more space is required .
the larger the curtains , the more space is [] .

Divide this by the width of the fabric to give the number of widths of fabric required .
divide this by the width of the fabric to give the number of widths of fabric [] .

Multiply the number of widths by the number of pattern repeats per drop to give the total number of pattern repeats required .
multiply the number of widths by the number of pattern repeats per drop to give the total number of pattern repeats [] .

French seam is used on lightweight , sheer fabrics where a strong , narrow seam is required .
french seam is used on lightweight , sheer fabrics where a strong , narrow seam is [] .

Cut out the required number of drops , matching the pattern where appropriate .
cut out the [] number of drops , matching the pattern where appropriate .

Cut out the required number of drops of curtain fabric , matching the pattern where appropriate .
cut out the [] number of drops of curtain fabric , matching the pattern where appropriate .

Cut out the required number of drops of curtain fabric and lining to your cutting length as calculated , and join matching the pattern where appropriate , as with lined curtains .
cut out the [] number of drops of curtain fabric and lining to your cutting length as calculated , and join matching the pattern where appropriate , as with lined curtains .

Cut the required number of widths of fabric and join them as for unlined curtains ( page 39 ) .
cut the [] number of widths of fabric and join them as for unlined curtains ( page 39 ) .

Cut the required number of widths of fabric and join them to make one long strip with a plain open seam and matching any pattern .
cut the [] number of widths of fabric and join them to make one long strip with a plain open seam and matching any pattern .

Experiment to get the right proportions and then pin the top edge of the tails into the required number of pleats ( two or three ) , leaving the returns flat .
experiment to get the right proportions and then pin the top edge of the tails into the [] number of pleats ( two or three ) , leaving the returns flat .

Having decided on the number of pleats required , cut the lining as mentioned under Materials , above .
having decided on the number of pleats [] , cut the lining as mentioned under materials , above .

Washing a potato is only a small development from brushing earth off it , which is something all macaques do anyway ; but the separation of sand from wheat required Imo to throw away the food after she had picked it up , and then wait for the sand to sink , before she collected her food up again .
washing a potato is only a small development from brushing earth off it , which is something all macaques do anyway ; but the separation of sand from wheat [] imo to throw away the food after she had picked it up , and then wait for the sand to sink , before she collected her food up again .

For once she obviously required an answer .
for once she obviously [] an answer .

It is therefore not surprising that , as Ellen Ross has pointed out , the marital relationship did not enjoin romantic love or verbal and sexual intimacy , but required financial obligations , services and activities that were gender specific .
it is therefore not surprising that , as ellen ross has pointed out , the marital relationship did not enjoin romantic love or verbal and sexual intimacy , but [] financial obligations , services and activities that were gender specific .

The organisation required to travel to the clinic and to sustain the project through to conclusion proved too much .
the organisation [] to travel to the clinic and to sustain the project through to conclusion proved too much .

Until 1948 , the Poor Law required children to maintain their parents and the law was implemented with varying degrees of rigour from district to district .
until 1948 , the poor law [] children to maintain their parents and the law was implemented with varying degrees of rigour from district to district .

During the remainder of the year , the wife might turn to sewing , boxmaking or mangling , as required .
during the remainder of the year , the wife might turn to sewing , boxmaking or mangling , as [] .

Some employers introduced  speed-up  for their factory hands , resulting in less work for homeworkers , while others gave the best paying work to their indoor hands and gave out only the inferior grades of work which required the most time spent on it to houses where the inspectors were unlikely to penetrate .
some employers introduced  speed-up  for their factory hands , resulting in less work for homeworkers , while others gave the best paying work to their indoor hands and gave out only the inferior grades of work which [] the most time spent on it to houses where the inspectors were unlikely to penetrate .

It was generally accepted that the role of wife and mother was incompatible with a career , not only because of the time and energy required , but also because of the very different qualities and characteristics it demanded .
it was generally accepted that the role of wife and mother was incompatible with a career , not only because of the time and energy [] , but also because of the very different qualities and characteristics it demanded .

The early researches had required the acceptance of a severe discipline , and individualities and personal tastes had been sacrificed in a common urge .
the early researches had [] the acceptance of a severe discipline , and individualities and personal tastes had been sacrificed in a common urge .

The child required and was used to cooked food .
the child [] and was used to cooked food .

On this view the courts would determine what adjudicative procedures are required in particular areas .
on this view the courts would determine what adjudicative procedures are [] in particular areas .

While the potentially serious effect of the report required some procedural protection , this was weighed against that of the administration in ensuring confidentiality , added to which were the factors of speed and the preliminary nature of the proceedings .
while the potentially serious effect of the report [] some procedural protection , this was weighed against that of the administration in ensuring confidentiality , added to which were the factors of speed and the preliminary nature of the proceedings .

Two of the most important aspects of the hearing are the type of hearing required and the rules of evidence that will apply .
two of the most important aspects of the hearing are the type of hearing [] and the rules of evidence that will apply .

This has been enacted in the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1958 which required those tribunals listed in the Act to give a statement , written or oral , of the reasons for a decision , if requested by the individual .
this has been enacted in the tribunals and inquiries act 1958 which [] those tribunals listed in the act to give a statement , written or oral , of the reasons for a decision , if requested by the individual .

Secondly , there were cases where after considering the whole hearing structure in its particular context a fair hearing might be required at the original stage and on appeal .
secondly , there were cases where after considering the whole hearing structure in its particular context a fair hearing might be [] at the original stage and on appeal .

The decision in Chief Constable of North Wales Police v. Evans provides an example of what may be required .
the decision in chief constable of north wales police v. evans provides an example of what may be [] .

Some elements of natural justice or fairness will normally be required , although precisely which will be dependent upon the nature of the issuing authority and whether the case is concerned with the application , renewal , or revocation of the licence .
some elements of natural justice or fairness will normally be [] , although precisely which will be dependent upon the nature of the issuing authority and whether the case is concerned with the application , renewal , or revocation of the licence .

The courts , not surprisingly , have eschewed both such philosophies preferring an intermediate ground where some element of fairness is required but not the full vigour of natural justice .
the courts , not surprisingly , have eschewed both such philosophies preferring an intermediate ground where some element of fairness is [] but not the full vigour of natural justice .

The House of Lords , while accepting that some elements of natural justice could apply to investigations and preliminary determinations , held that an opportunity to see the counter-statement was not required : no final decision was being made and if the taxpayer could comment on the counter-statement the Commissioners would wish to comment on those comments , thereby producing an endless succession of exchanges , bringing the administration to a standstill .
the house of lords , while accepting that some elements of natural justice could apply to investigations and preliminary determinations , held that an opportunity to see the counter-statement was not [] : no final decision was being made and if the taxpayer could comment on the counter-statement the commissioners would wish to comment on those comments , thereby producing an endless succession of exchanges , bringing the administration to a standstill .

Secondly , continuing analysis is required to determine whether the content of the rules in general , and their application to particular areas , is being pitched at the  right  level .
secondly , continuing analysis is [] to determine whether the content of the rules in general , and their application to particular areas , is being pitched at the  right  level .

Thus , here a would represent the need for time certain in a lease , b the intent of the parties , c the fixtures and fittings required to render the tenancy furnished .
thus , here a would represent the need for time certain in a lease , b the intent of the parties , c the fixtures and fittings [] to render the tenancy furnished .

Certain facts were required to be proven to the satisfaction of the reviewing court before the magistrate or tribunal could go right or wrong .
certain facts were [] to be proven to the satisfaction of the reviewing court before the magistrate or tribunal could go right or wrong .

How much proof should be required will be examined in the next section .
how much proof should be [] will be examined in the next section .

Yet those meanings matter : given the breadth of what the courts required of the Secretary of State as reasonable grounds for his action , and the narrowness of what would be regarded as unreasonable local authority action , it is hard to visualise a different result .
yet those meanings matter : given the breadth of what the courts [] of the secretary of state as reasonable grounds for his action , and the narrowness of what would be regarded as unreasonable local authority action , it is hard to visualise a different result .

The key point made by these analyses of team or group development is that effectiveness ( see below ) is an outcome which develops over time , as the group begin to understand what is required of them and how they can utilise the knowledge , skills and attributes of the individual members in fulfilling group and individual goals .
the key point made by these analyses of team or group development is that effectiveness ( see below ) is an outcome which develops over time , as the group begin to understand what is [] of them and how they can utilise the knowledge , skills and attributes of the individual members in fulfilling group and individual goals .

Where group tasks are concerned with problem solving , decision-making or creative thinking , different member talents may be required along with a variety of leadership styles .
where group tasks are concerned with problem solving , decision-making or creative thinking , different member talents may be [] along with a variety of leadership styles .

Take corrective action where required
take corrective action where []

Where perfect quality is required , for example in the construction of nuclear reactor plant , then 100 % inspection will be applied .
where perfect quality is [] , for example in the construction of nuclear reactor plant , then 100 % inspection will be applied .

Feedback to designers and engineering staff about performance of products and the machines required to produce them .
feedback to designers and engineering staff about performance of products and the machines [] to produce them .

Control establishes standards of performance , measures performance against the appropriate standards and identifies corrective action where required .
control establishes standards of performance , measures performance against the appropriate standards and identifies corrective action where [] .

Select Inputs/Data required
select inputs/data []

It is these two types of costs that inventory control aims to minimise in the light of the required inventory levels referred to in the previous paragraph .
it is these two types of costs that inventory control aims to minimise in the light of the [] inventory levels referred to in the previous paragraph .

If linking is required this can be achieved by creating networks of microcomputers linked to a mainframe or minicomputer , where necessary .
if linking is [] this can be achieved by creating networks of microcomputers linked to a mainframe or minicomputer , where necessary .

fewer jobs may be required as routine work is taken over by machines
fewer jobs may be [] as routine work is taken over by machines

Substantial savings on salaries due to fewer staff required
substantial savings on salaries due to fewer staff []

Substantial savings on overheads due to reduction in office space required as disk storage replaces filing cabinets etc
substantial savings on overheads due to reduction in office space [] as disk storage replaces filing cabinets etc

Control means to establish standards of performance , measure performance against those standards , and take corrective action where required .
control means to establish standards of performance , measure performance against those standards , and take corrective action where [] .

the importance of taking corrective action , when required .
the importance of taking corrective action , when [] .

Industrial markets  Relatively small number of customers ; need for technical advice and support after the sale ; possible lengthy negotiations on price between manufacturer and customer , dialogue required where product is to be custom built .
industrial markets  relatively small number of customers ; need for technical advice and support after the sale ; possible lengthy negotiations on price between manufacturer and customer , dialogue [] where product is to be custom built .

Marketing research is fundamentally about the acquisition and analysis of information required for the making of marketing decisions .
marketing research is fundamentally about the acquisition and analysis of information [] for the making of marketing decisions .

In order to cope with the increased diversity of decision-making required in these circumstances , several companies have introduced a matrix-type of structure , incorporating a number of operational roles , as in Figure 36.5 opposite .
in order to cope with the increased diversity of decision-making [] in these circumstances , several companies have introduced a matrix-type of structure , incorporating a number of operational roles , as in figure 36.5 opposite .

The purchaser is required to pay a reasonable price for the service .
the purchaser is [] to pay a reasonable price for the service .

In most cases , therefore , what is required is a good general grasp of the topic .
in most cases , therefore , what is [] is a good general grasp of the topic .

The production function of an organization exists in order to make available the goods or services required by the customer .
the production function of an organization exists in order to make available the goods or services [] by the customer .

Its responsibility is to plan , resource and control the processes involved in converting raw materials and components into the finished goods required to satisfy the needs and wants of the organization 's existing and potential customers .
its responsibility is to plan , resource and control the processes involved in converting raw materials and components into the finished goods [] to satisfy the needs and wants of the organization 's existing and potential customers .

As well as detailing the numbers and types of employees required , there are questions of pay and incentives to be agreed before production commences .
as well as detailing the numbers and types of employees [] , there are questions of pay and incentives to be agreed before production commences .

Human inspection is most suited to instances where ( a ) objective standards are not available , and ( b ) where discretion is required in analysing and assessing faults and errors .
human inspection is most suited to instances where ( a ) objective standards are not available , and ( b ) where discretion is [] in analysing and assessing faults and errors .

The role of production planning and control is to plan , acquire , schedule and control all the resources and facilities required to transform customer requirements into acceptable end-products .
the role of production planning and control is to plan , acquire , schedule and control all the resources and facilities [] to transform customer requirements into acceptable end-products .

It consists of checking items as they progress through the process , comparing them with relevant standards and taking corrective action , where required .
it consists of checking items as they progress through the process , comparing them with relevant standards and taking corrective action , where [] .

Narrower range of skills required .
narrower range of skills [] .

The capital costs are high on account of the specialised nature of the machines required for the production line .
the capital costs are high on account of the specialised nature of the machines [] for the production line .

Narrow range of skills , and specified range of operations required by workforce at any one point in the line .
narrow range of skills , and specified range of operations [] by workforce at any one point in the line .

It required an act of will .
it [] an act of will .

Most of the radionuclides released are of local or regional concern , because their half-lives are short compared with the time required for dispersion to greater distances .
most of the radionuclides released are of local or regional concern , because their half-lives are short compared with the time [] for dispersion to greater distances .

Secondly , to know if the actual pollution concentrations are in compliance with the standards , an air pollution monitoring system is required .
secondly , to know if the actual pollution concentrations are in compliance with the standards , an air pollution monitoring system is [] .

Some argue that the emission standards strategy is better than the air quality management strategy , since once air quality standards are set , one has to calculate the emission reduction required of sources .
some argue that the emission standards strategy is better than the air quality management strategy , since once air quality standards are set , one has to calculate the emission reduction [] of sources .

Firms which reduce emissions by amounts exceeding the reductions required by the authorities under the bubble or offset policies can  bank  emission reduction credits and either use them to expand their own plant later or openly trade them with other companies .
firms which reduce emissions by amounts exceeding the reductions [] by the authorities under the bubble or offset policies can  bank  emission reduction credits and either use them to expand their own plant later or openly trade them with other companies .

These protocols specify the percentage reductions of emissions required from the total emitted by the nation during a specified baseline year .
these protocols specify the percentage reductions of emissions [] from the total emitted by the nation during a specified baseline year .

Commonly , industrial licences are required and safety checks are made before a plant commences operation , and annual inspections are undertaken thereafter .
commonly , industrial licences are [] and safety checks are made before a plant commences operation , and annual inspections are undertaken thereafter .

Factories may be required to be sited at some distance from residential areas in specially designated industrial zones .
factories may be [] to be sited at some distance from residential areas in specially designated industrial zones .

In 1960 , California enacted the Motor Vehicle Pollution Control Act which required all new vehicles to have installed certified pollution control technology ; this was the first positive step towards reducing vehicle emissions which caused the smog .
in 1960 , california enacted the motor vehicle pollution control act which [] all new vehicles to have installed certified pollution control technology ; this was the first positive step towards reducing vehicle emissions which caused the smog .

This 1960 Act required the Surgeon General to undertake studies of the health effects of motor vehicle exhaust emissions .
this 1960 act [] the surgeon general to undertake studies of the health effects of motor vehicle exhaust emissions .

As the Clean Air Act had left much to state initiative , congressional dissatisfaction with the rate of progress in some states led to the Air Quality Act of 1967 which at last required states to establish air quality standards consistent with federal criteria , and then to devise implementation plans setting out ways of achieving the air quality standards .
as the clean air act had left much to state initiative , congressional dissatisfaction with the rate of progress in some states led to the air quality act of 1967 which at last [] states to establish air quality standards consistent with federal criteria , and then to devise implementation plans setting out ways of achieving the air quality standards .

To reduce oxides of nitrogen , a three-way catalyst is required ( figure 8.4 ) .
to reduce oxides of nitrogen , a three-way catalyst is [] ( figure 8.4 ) .

It required all federal agencies to take into account the environmental impact of all their proposed actions by preparing environmental impact statements which had to be approved before the construction of  major  projects .
it [] all federal agencies to take into account the environmental impact of all their proposed actions by preparing environmental impact statements which had to be approved before the construction of  major  projects .

Additional air pollution in each of these classes must not exceed specific air quality  increments  , thereby assuring a level of air quality which should in all cases be cleaner than that required by the NAAQSs .
additional air pollution in each of these classes must not exceed specific air quality  increments  , thereby assuring a level of air quality which should in all cases be cleaner than that [] by the naaqss .

Gosse was perplexed at the vast tracts of time required by geologists to account for the deposition of all the strata .
gosse was perplexed at the vast tracts of time [] by geologists to account for the deposition of all the strata .

There were further difficulties when one began thinking about the numbers of animals required at the Creation .
there were further difficulties when one began thinking about the numbers of animals [] at the creation .

The first photographs required long exposures , and animals can not be expected to sit still as long as Victorian adults did ; but by the last quarter of the nineteenth century fast exposures were possible .
the first photographs [] long exposures , and animals can not be expected to sit still as long as victorian adults did ; but by the last quarter of the nineteenth century fast exposures were possible .

These engines required much better fit of components than had Newcomen 's ; parts bought in had to fit exactly , and then those putting up the engine and its house on site required to know just what to do .
these engines [] much better fit of components than had newcomen 's ; parts bought in had to fit exactly , and then those putting up the engine and its house on site [] to know just what to do .

The making of great telescopes , and of the mountings which would direct them and keep them focused on a star , required great industrial resources and skill .
the making of great telescopes , and of the mountings which would direct them and keep them focused on a star , [] great industrial resources and skill .

Apologists for science also argued that doing science was valuable for building the character : accurate observing and truthful reporting were required of the scientist ; and so was open-mindedness and humility in abandoning preconceptions .
apologists for science also argued that doing science was valuable for building the character : accurate observing and truthful reporting were [] of the scientist ; and so was open-mindedness and humility in abandoning preconceptions .

They sought to show that nothing in modern science required the abandonment of traditional Christianity , and especially the belief in eternal life .
they sought to show that nothing in modern science [] the abandonment of traditional christianity , and especially the belief in eternal life .

It required a language that her English friends did not share .
it [] a language that her english friends did not share .

The Redcliffe-Maud Commission , for example , was required to have regard to the need  to sustain a viable system of local democracy  , the assumption being that it was already democratic .
the redcliffe-maud commission , for example , was [] to have regard to the need  to sustain a viable system of local democracy  , the assumption being that it was already democratic .

The justification for them is well established : many local government services are required by national legislation , local variations in needs and resources can be equalized by grant adjustments , the impact of the regressive rating system can be reduced , and so on .
the justification for them is well established : many local government services are [] by national legislation , local variations in needs and resources can be equalized by grant adjustments , the impact of the regressive rating system can be reduced , and so on .

1425 ) , arguing from the standpoint that the  need for a more corporate approach to the officer structure had strengthened rather than weakened  since Bains , recommended that all local authorities should be statutorily required to appoint a Chief Executive with considerably enhanced powers .
1425 ) , arguing from the standpoint that the  need for a more corporate approach to the officer structure had strengthened rather than weakened  since bains , recommended that all local authorities should be statutorily [] to appoint a chief executive with considerably enhanced powers .

The middle-class skills  such as public speaking  required to be an effective councillor may also discourage many manual workers .
the middle-class skills  such as public speaking  [] to be an effective councillor may also discourage many manual workers .

For example , non-metropolitan counties and metropolitan districts are required to appoint chief education officers and directors of social services .
for example , non-metropolitan counties and metropolitan districts are [] to appoint chief education officers and directors of social services .

Each local authority , it was suggested , should statutorily be required to draw up a scheme for the disbursement of special responsibility allowances .
each local authority , it was suggested , should statutorily be [] to draw up a scheme for the disbursement of special responsibility allowances .

While such inspectors are usually required to satisfy their departments that local services are provided efficiently and that minimum standards are being met , their role has increasingly been educative rather than coercive .
while such inspectors are usually [] to satisfy their departments that local services are provided efficiently and that minimum standards are being met , their role has increasingly been educative rather than coercive .

, 1988 ) are implemented councils will be required to circulate auditors ' reports to all members and make them public .
, 1988 ) are implemented councils will be [] to circulate auditors ' reports to all members and make them public .

Then he would be able to put his hand immediately on whatever he required .
then he would be able to put his hand immediately on whatever he [] .

And so he waited for these really rather unexpected people to explain what they required , and hoped he would be able to do whatever it was .
and so he waited for these really rather unexpected people to explain what they [] , and hoped he would be able to do whatever it was .

It also had a cheap supply of raw materials from the slave-based American colonies and required only a radical increase in output for cotton to oust wool from its dominant role in clothing production .
it also had a cheap supply of raw materials from the slave-based american colonies and [] only a radical increase in output for cotton to oust wool from its dominant role in clothing production .

This objective change in the market has also generated a logical change in the role required of the state by capitalism .
this objective change in the market has also generated a logical change in the role [] of the state by capitalism .

All that is required is that the people have the necessary desire and will to bring change about .
all that is [] is that the people have the necessary desire and will to bring change about .

The producers of public expenditure have helped increase public spending since the competition for votes has led politicians to promise more and more spending ; moreover , since governments come into office with a vast amount of spending commitments inherited from previous governments , their ability to reduce these commitments substantially is limited through the length of time that would be required to make such reductions , and further , they are unlikely to court unpopularity through doing so .
the producers of public expenditure have helped increase public spending since the competition for votes has led politicians to promise more and more spending ; moreover , since governments come into office with a vast amount of spending commitments inherited from previous governments , their ability to reduce these commitments substantially is limited through the length of time that would be [] to make such reductions , and further , they are unlikely to court unpopularity through doing so .

In the era of austerity , consolidating the welfare state had required strong political backing , something that was a long time in coming until depression and war eventually mobilised these forces .
in the era of austerity , consolidating the welfare state had [] strong political backing , something that was a long time in coming until depression and war eventually mobilised these forces .

It required the next generation of researchers and a simpler mollusc to come closer to finding god 's favourite .
it [] the next generation of researchers and a simpler mollusc to come closer to finding god 's favourite .

Having been synthesized it has to be transported to the part of the cell in which it is required ; there it will remain for its lifetime of hours , weeks or months until it is due for renewal , when it is pulled out of place in the cell and broken down by enzymes as quickly as it was previously synthesized , its building blocks ( the amino acids ) being recycled in the synthesis of other proteins .
having been synthesized it has to be transported to the part of the cell in which it is [] ; there it will remain for its lifetime of hours , weeks or months until it is due for renewal , when it is pulled out of place in the cell and broken down by enzymes as quickly as it was previously synthesized , its building blocks ( the amino acids ) being recycled in the synthesis of other proteins .

The technology required to offer an answer to this question , however , involved a further reductive step , by which the active , alive Aplysia was transformed into an inactive , manipulable  prepartion .
the technology [] to offer an answer to this question , however , involved a further reductive step , by which the active , alive aplysia was transformed into an inactive , manipulable  prepartion .

Another line of attack has been that of some psychologists who have concentrated their fire on the question whether the type of experimental procedure designed to produce associative learning in Aplysia can  really  be said to fulfil the conditions required for classical conditioning .
another line of attack has been that of some psychologists who have concentrated their fire on the question whether the type of experimental procedure designed to produce associative learning in aplysia can  really  be said to fulfil the conditions [] for classical conditioning .

It is one-trial , because it requires only a single peck for the bird to learn ; it is avoidance because the result of the learning is for the bird to stop doing something it otherwise would ; and it is passive because the bird is not required actively to avoid , as it would if it had to escape from some unpleasant condition , but merely to refrain from pecking .
it is one-trial , because it requires only a single peck for the bird to learn ; it is avoidance because the result of the learning is for the bird to stop doing something it otherwise would ; and it is passive because the bird is not [] actively to avoid , as it would if it had to escape from some unpleasant condition , but merely to refrain from pecking .

The apparatus required for imprinting , and then for measuring the efficacy of the imprinting response , was large and elaborate ; it was impossible to train more than a few birds at a time .
the apparatus [] for imprinting , and then for measuring the efficacy of the imprinting response , was large and elaborate ; it was impossible to train more than a few birds at a time .

Something more permanent is required , something that will in some way produce some lasting remodelling of synapses .
something more permanent is [] , something that will in some way produce some lasting remodelling of synapses .

How can one be sure that what is being seen and counted is  really  present in the living brain rather than an artefact , an artificial pattern generated by the techniques required to fix , slice and stain the brain tissue to make it visible ?
how can one be sure that what is being seen and counted is  really  present in the living brain rather than an artefact , an artificial pattern generated by the techniques [] to fix , slice and stain the brain tissue to make it visible ?

These changes in turn provide signals to the cell nucleus , which results in the activation , first of a number of immediate early genes , and later the genes required for the synthesis of new synaptic membrane constituents , especially glycoproteins .
these changes in turn provide signals to the cell nucleus , which results in the activation , first of a number of immediate early genes , and later the genes [] for the synthesis of new synaptic membrane constituents , especially glycoproteins .

Finding the right anaesthetic , so that one can keep the chick functionally alive for the hours required for the recording , proved surprisingly tricky .
finding the right anaesthetic , so that one can keep the chick functionally alive for the hours [] for the recording , proved surprisingly tricky .

Special adaptation is required in a few species to fit breeding cycles into the polar year .
special adaptation is [] in a few species to fit breeding cycles into the polar year .

Activities associated with exploration  sledging , ski-marching , hunting , tending dog teams , even walking on snow and carrying heavy clothing  all involve hard work , for which two to three times the normal caloric intake is required .
activities associated with exploration  sledging , ski-marching , hunting , tending dog teams , even walking on snow and carrying heavy clothing  all involve hard work , for which two to three times the normal caloric intake is [] .

Usually this has required little more than the extension of existing legislation to cover the special case of Arctic reserves .
usually this has [] little more than the extension of existing legislation to cover the special case of arctic reserves .

Prompt action is required to salvage what might otherwise turn into a most embarrassing financial debacle .
prompt action is [] to salvage what might otherwise turn into a most embarrassing financial debacle .

Thus , there could be a significant mismatch between the tasks which children were given , and the setting in which they were required to undertake them .
thus , there could be a significant mismatch between the tasks which children were given , and the setting in which they were [] to undertake them .

With the goal of curriculum enhancement it was possible for a junior member of staff with specific subject expertise to support a senior colleague without such expertise ; but when the goal was professional development it required a clear status differential between senior partner as trainer or consultant and junior partner as trainee or client .
with the goal of curriculum enhancement it was possible for a junior member of staff with specific subject expertise to support a senior colleague without such expertise ; but when the goal was professional development it [] a clear status differential between senior partner as trainer or consultant and junior partner as trainee or client .

In turn , both of these required that the participants were open and honest in presenting and discussing their individual value-positions on matters of curriculum and classroom organization .
in turn , both of these [] that the participants were open and honest in presenting and discussing their individual value-positions on matters of curriculum and classroom organization .

In these schools , while national legislation will nudge staff to introduce procedures for involving and informing parents where this is required by law , it will not encourage them to go beyond such procedures to establish the kinds of voluntary open dialogue and day-to-day collaboration which can do so much to enhance the quality of a child 's education .
in these schools , while national legislation will nudge staff to introduce procedures for involving and informing parents where this is [] by law , it will not encourage them to go beyond such procedures to establish the kinds of voluntary open dialogue and day-to-day collaboration which can do so much to enhance the quality of a child 's education .

When the appointment is of someone who is experienced and well-qualified in both teaching and professional leadership , as all coordinators were required to be , the potential of enhancement is even greater .
when the appointment is of someone who is experienced and well-qualified in both teaching and professional leadership , as all coordinators were [] to be , the potential of enhancement is even greater .

As far as heads were concerned , coordinators needed from them a properly negotiated version of the Authority 's job specification , support for the difficult tasks they were required to undertake , and a preparedness to include them within the team of senior staff involved in the development of policy .
as far as heads were concerned , coordinators needed from them a properly negotiated version of the authority 's job specification , support for the difficult tasks they were [] to undertake , and a preparedness to include them within the team of senior staff involved in the development of policy .

Many teachers and heads felt that getting on in the primary sector required verbal and practical allegiance to certain quite specific canons of  good primary practice  , and that anything less , let alone any open challenging of the orthodoxies in question , could damage their professional prospects .
many teachers and heads felt that getting on in the primary sector [] verbal and practical allegiance to certain quite specific canons of  good primary practice  , and that anything less , let alone any open challenging of the orthodoxies in question , could damage their professional prospects .

However , in our many interviews with teachers and heads in individual schools , this generalized view was sometimes fleshed out by reference to specific instances and frustrations , of which the most common were the following : the difficulty of obtaining vital information ; the persistent unavailability of individuals who possessed such information ; the lack of departmental awareness about who was responsible for what ; the classic  doctor 's receptionist  tendency among clerical staff to prevent heads from gaining access to advisory staff and other officers ; the Byzantine complexity of the departmental arrangements at Merrion House ; the lack of reciprocity in information flow : schools felt that Merrion House tended to bombard them with directives and requests , many of them urgent , yet was unwilling to reciprocate by supplying the schools with what they , often equally urgently , required ; and the failure of Merrion House officers and staff to answer letters .
however , in our many interviews with teachers and heads in individual schools , this generalized view was sometimes fleshed out by reference to specific instances and frustrations , of which the most common were the following : the difficulty of obtaining vital information ; the persistent unavailability of individuals who possessed such information ; the lack of departmental awareness about who was responsible for what ; the classic  doctor 's receptionist  tendency among clerical staff to prevent heads from gaining access to advisory staff and other officers ; the byzantine complexity of the departmental arrangements at merrion house ; the lack of reciprocity in information flow : schools felt that merrion house tended to bombard them with directives and requests , many of them urgent , yet was unwilling to reciprocate by supplying the schools with what they , often equally urgently , [] ; and the failure of merrion house officers and staff to answer letters .

They make adequate monitoring of children 's learning a particularly demanding task and children themselves may find that such arrangements reduce their opportunities for the quiet , concentrated study required by the reading and writing activities which dominate their curriculum .
they make adequate monitoring of children 's learning a particularly demanding task and children themselves may find that such arrangements reduce their opportunities for the quiet , concentrated study [] by the reading and writing activities which dominate their curriculum .

Traditional Keynesian analysis required government to intervene in the economy to affect the total level of demand for goods and services , and to ensure that this level was high enough to be consistent with full employment and not so high that inflation was generated or a balance of payments crisis precipitated .
traditional keynesian analysis [] government to intervene in the economy to affect the total level of demand for goods and services , and to ensure that this level was high enough to be consistent with full employment and not so high that inflation was generated or a balance of payments crisis precipitated .

The Local Government Act 1988 required local councils to put out to competitive tender the provision of a wide range of local services .
the local government act 1988 [] local councils to put out to competitive tender the provision of a wide range of local services .

This process had begun under the 1980 Local Government Planning and Land Act , when councils were required to put out to tender certain housing maintenance and highways work .
this process had begun under the 1980 local government planning and land act , when councils were [] to put out to tender certain housing maintenance and highways work .

The reply by the minister was a direct echo of Mary Carpenter :  The principle behind this provision in the bill is that parents should be required  if their means so permit  to pay for their child 's board and lodging , so that they are in no way better off as a result of the child 's being in care .
the reply by the minister was a direct echo of mary carpenter :  the principle behind this provision in the bill is that parents should be []  if their means so permit  to pay for their child 's board and lodging , so that they are in no way better off as a result of the child 's being in care .

Government cut the grants to local authorities , arguing that nurseries were now required only for families in particular need ( Ministry of Health Circular 221/45 , 1945 ) .
government cut the grants to local authorities , arguing that nurseries were now [] only for families in particular need ( ministry of health circular 221/45 , 1945 ) .

First , the flat-rate contributions required were the same for each person .
first , the flat-rate contributions [] were the same for each person .

This timing gives some idea of how long their travelling habitually took : still in a post-chaise , and allowing an hour , say , for breakfast , they required seven hours or so to travel a distance of about twenty-eight miles .
this timing gives some idea of how long their travelling habitually took : still in a post-chaise , and allowing an hour , say , for breakfast , they [] seven hours or so to travel a distance of about twenty-eight miles .

It seemed to Alexei as he considered it that a great deal of effort must be required to sustain such a relationship , and he could not imagine how his father could be bothered with it , or how the women could be content .
it seemed to alexei as he considered it that a great deal of effort must be [] to sustain such a relationship , and he could not imagine how his father could be bothered with it , or how the women could be content .

Artai was bowing to left and right now , the last time in his life he would ever be required to offer courtesy to others .
artai was bowing to left and right now , the last time in his life he would ever be [] to offer courtesy to others .

There was a tradition that the Kha-Khan not be required to turn his back upon his people , and so they carried him facing out across the crowd , and placed him directly in front of the seat of the reclining dragon which had been the throne of Tamujin , Ancestor of the Altun , the first Kha-Khan .
there was a tradition that the kha-khan not be [] to turn his back upon his people , and so they carried him facing out across the crowd , and placed him directly in front of the seat of the reclining dragon which had been the throne of tamujin , ancestor of the altun , the first kha-khan .

He wanted to sleep , and the prospect of a bed , even one which he would be required to occupy without companionship , was so attractive that he missed at first the signs that all was not well .
he wanted to sleep , and the prospect of a bed , even one which he would be [] to occupy without companionship , was so attractive that he missed at first the signs that all was not well .

 The Yasa says that a daughter is required to obey the will of her father ,  Jehana said .
 the yasa says that a daughter is [] to obey the will of her father ,  jehana said .

An assistant might serve for years as the keeper of a specific book , being required to follow the paths of investigation which were suggested by the information absorbed , until at last connections were made with other disciplines .
an assistant might serve for years as the keeper of a specific book , being [] to follow the paths of investigation which were suggested by the information absorbed , until at last connections were made with other disciplines .

It was the reason behind every effort at conquest , and the justification , if one was required , for their embassy .
it was the reason behind every effort at conquest , and the justification , if one was [] , for their embassy .

It had been four days since the of worlder had said what he thought would be required , and still parin had not provided his answer .
it had been four days since the of worlder had said what he thought would be [] , and still parin had not provided his answer .

Jehan did not think that the subterfuge required in order to arrange an assassination was quite Artai 's style , but he did not say so .
jehan did not think that the subterfuge [] in order to arrange an assassination was quite artai 's style , but he did not say so .

The main problem is that they are then required to undergo training in paramilitary riot control at Hounslow under the tuition of superfit instructors who convey a militaristic image .
the main problem is that they are then [] to undergo training in paramilitary riot control at hounslow under the tuition of superfit instructors who convey a militaristic image .

He has a statutory obligation to submit an annual report to his local authority and may be asked ( but need not necessarily deliver ) a report on any aspect of police policy required by the authority .
he has a statutory obligation to submit an annual report to his local authority and may be asked ( but need not necessarily deliver ) a report on any aspect of police policy [] by the authority .

The Home Secretary is legally required to promote the efficiency of the police .
the home secretary is legally [] to promote the efficiency of the police .

Recalling Marshall McLuhan 's dictum that  the medium is the message  , the novel posits the possibility of an obligatory shift in the primary medium of communication from oral and cybernetic forms to a  secondary literacy  in which the world is required once again to rely on the written word .
recalling marshall mcluhan 's dictum that  the medium is the message  , the novel posits the possibility of an obligatory shift in the primary medium of communication from oral and cybernetic forms to a  secondary literacy  in which the world is [] once again to rely on the written word .

He hated cases that required painstaking enquiries over months and months and had little prospect of solution .
he hated cases that [] painstaking enquiries over months and months and had little prospect of solution .

This was the first fall since 1973 and was due predominantly to reductions in the numbers of remand prisoners , due to the success of the probation service 's bail information schemes , and sentenced young offenders , partly due to the stricter criteria for custodial sentences for young people required by the 1988 Criminal Justice Act , and partly to the drawing up and implementation of  action plans  for community plans by the probation service .
this was the first fall since 1973 and was due predominantly to reductions in the numbers of remand prisoners , due to the success of the probation service 's bail information schemes , and sentenced young offenders , partly due to the stricter criteria for custodial sentences for young people [] by the 1988 criminal justice act , and partly to the drawing up and implementation of  action plans  for community plans by the probation service .

The 1989 Audit Commission report on the probation service noted considerable variations in hours of attendance required at day centres , in breach of procedures for failure to attend the centres , in the frequency of visits offenders received whilst on probation and in unit costs .
the 1989 audit commission report on the probation service noted considerable variations in hours of attendance [] at day centres , in breach of procedures for failure to attend the centres , in the frequency of visits offenders received whilst on probation and in unit costs .

The training of probation officers could continue and be included in the Certificate of Qualification in Social Work and the Diploma in Social Work courses , but if these do not measure up to required standards , they will be replaced with anew training syllabus put out to tender in the educational market place .
the training of probation officers could continue and be included in the certificate of qualification in social work and the diploma in social work courses , but if these do not measure up to [] standards , they will be replaced with anew training syllabus put out to tender in the educational market place .

This reference is usually required by lenders as proof of earnings with which to support your loan .
this reference is usually [] by lenders as proof of earnings with which to support your loan .

If everything i s all right you can proceed , or if a problem is detected , the surveyor will give an estimate of the likely costs required to put it right .
if everything i s all right you can proceed , or if a problem is detected , the surveyor will give an estimate of the likely costs [] to put it right .

Measuring 15  96 having double drainer stainless steel sink unit ( h and c ) , with range of cupboards and drawers , space for breakfasting if required , gas cooker point , plumbing for automatic washing machine , ideal standard gas fired central heating programmer wall mounted gas water heater , built-in cupboard , picture window overlooking the garden .
measuring 15  96 having double drainer stainless steel sink unit ( h and c ) , with range of cupboards and drawers , space for breakfasting if [] , gas cooker point , plumbing for automatic washing machine , ideal standard gas fired central heating programmer wall mounted gas water heater , built-in cupboard , picture window overlooking the garden .

He said he was n't going to think about who might win , or what score would be required .
he said he was n't going to think about who might win , or what score would be [] .

Ranges will be offered up to three Greens for virtually the same price as one , with each installed at the required distance .
ranges will be offered up to three greens for virtually the same price as one , with each installed at the [] distance .

Tutorials provided the knowledge required to achieve subgoals ( eg a fault-finding strategy ) whilst simulated faults enabled trainees to practise one or more of the main goals .
tutorials provided the knowledge [] to achieve subgoals ( eg a fault-finding strategy ) whilst simulated faults enabled trainees to practise one or more of the main goals .

However , having studied the file , the facts of the matter are that Mr Wingert proceeded with is written work without seeing the required approval of subject and content from the Membership Committee .
however , having studied the file , the facts of the matter are that mr wingert proceeded with is written work without seeing the [] approval of subject and content from the membership committee .

However , these names are often not available in the volumes required for high volume target mailings or for an extended , rolled out campaign .
however , these names are often not available in the volumes [] for high volume target mailings or for an extended , rolled out campaign .

Where required , system are available to prompt and manage Collections , a fast growing area which reflects the increasing sophistication of the industry .
where [] , system are available to prompt and manage collections , a fast growing area which reflects the increasing sophistication of the industry .

The need on the part of performance scoring models for ready access to detailed transaction and account balance trend data required for such a marketing strategy are already stored on the database , even if off-line , and in a form that makes them sufficiently easy to retrieve .
the need on the part of performance scoring models for ready access to detailed transaction and account balance trend data [] for such a marketing strategy are already stored on the database , even if off-line , and in a form that makes them sufficiently easy to retrieve .

Place the required amount of water and the beans or peas in the pressure cooker .
place the [] amount of water and the beans or peas in the pressure cooker .

So , while the Government has put some effort into educating people about healthy eating , it has not made the necessary changes in policy and practice that are required to make a healthier diet possible .
so , while the government has put some effort into educating people about healthy eating , it has not made the necessary changes in policy and practice that are [] to make a healthier diet possible .

Remove mussels from their shells , allow to cool and chill until required .
remove mussels from their shells , allow to cool and chill until [] .

The national curriculum is to consist of three core subjects of English , maths and science , and seven other areas : a foreign language ( not required in primary schools ) , technology , history , geography , art , music and physical education .
the national curriculum is to consist of three core subjects of english , maths and science , and seven other areas : a foreign language ( not [] in primary schools ) , technology , history , geography , art , music and physical education .

Governors are now required to produce annual reports and to organise parents ' meetings at which the reports and any other matters parents wish to raise may be discussed .
governors are now [] to produce annual reports and to organise parents ' meetings at which the reports and any other matters parents wish to raise may be discussed .

The Conservative Education Association strongly urged the government to amend the legislation so that a majority of parents on the register would be required to vote for opting out .
the conservative education association strongly urged the government to amend the legislation so that a majority of parents on the register would be [] to vote for opting out .

The Labour Party argued that a two-thirds majority of those voting , or a simple majority of those on the register , should be required , and the National Union of Teachers went even further with its suggestion that opting out should be allowed only if two-thirds of those on the register approved it .
the labour party argued that a two-thirds majority of those voting , or a simple majority of those on the register , should be [] , and the national union of teachers went even further with its suggestion that opting out should be allowed only if two-thirds of those on the register approved it .

Nevertheless , the Secretary of State has the power to draw up regulations about what can be charged for and what can not and the Education Reform Act required local authorities and school governors to draw up policies on charging parents for their children 's out-of-school activities .
nevertheless , the secretary of state has the power to draw up regulations about what can be charged for and what can not and the education reform act [] local authorities and school governors to draw up policies on charging parents for their children 's out-of-school activities .

We are piously told the function of the universities is cultural and educational in the widest sense , yet at the same time all departments , even the most abstract and theoretical , are in practice required to show their cost-effectiveness , output measured against input in the manner of a commercial company .
we are piously told the function of the universities is cultural and educational in the widest sense , yet at the same time all departments , even the most abstract and theoretical , are in practice [] to show their cost-effectiveness , output measured against input in the manner of a commercial company .

According to the Association of Metropolitan Authorities there was a massive 37.5 per cent increase in rent arrears in the six months immediately following the benefit changes in April 1988.37 Other benefit changes may have contributed to this increase in arrears : the change from supplementary benefit to income support ; the insistence that everyone should be required to pay at least 20 per cent of their rates ( community charge ) and all of their water rates ; and the replacement of urgent needs payments by social fund loans .
according to the association of metropolitan authorities there was a massive 37.5 per cent increase in rent arrears in the six months immediately following the benefit changes in april 1988.37 other benefit changes may have contributed to this increase in arrears : the change from supplementary benefit to income support ; the insistence that everyone should be [] to pay at least 20 per cent of their rates ( community charge ) and all of their water rates ; and the replacement of urgent needs payments by social fund loans .

At least since the early 1970s successive governments have expressed concern about the decline of our inner cities , but no government has been prepared to devote the massive resources which are now required to overcome decades of neglect .
at least since the early 1970s successive governments have expressed concern about the decline of our inner cities , but no government has been prepared to devote the massive resources which are now [] to overcome decades of neglect .

Mrs Thatcher sees the government 's role as one of pump-priming , but much more than pump-priming is required to create the conditions that would encourage private investment in the inner cities .
mrs thatcher sees the government 's role as one of pump-priming , but much more than pump-priming is [] to create the conditions that would encourage private investment in the inner cities .

Over the period from 1980/81 to 1984/85 net expenditure ( gross expenditure less money recouped from charges ) on the personal social services increased by 2 per cent less than was required to meet increased demand , and gross expenditure increased by 3 per cent less than was required .
over the period from 1980/81 to 1984/85 net expenditure ( gross expenditure less money recouped from charges ) on the personal social services increased by 2 per cent less than was [] to meet increased demand , and gross expenditure increased by 3 per cent less than was [] .

This will be achieved through the annually updated three-year community care plans which local authorities are required to produce for the Secretary of State 's approval . The White Paper says :
this will be achieved through the annually updated three-year community care plans which local authorities are [] to produce for the secretary of state 's approval . the white paper says :

In education , for example , schools are expected to compete with one another in a system of open enrolment and universities and polytechnics are required to engage in competitive bidding for students .
in education , for example , schools are expected to compete with one another in a system of open enrolment and universities and polytechnics are [] to engage in competitive bidding for students .

Again , an election would decide the outcome , but a simple majority of those voting ( as opposed to those on the register ) was all that was required .
again , an election would decide the outcome , but a simple majority of those voting ( as opposed to those on the register ) was all that was [] .

The 1988 Local Government Act required competitive tendering , as from 1 April , 1989 , in seven areas of service : school meals , other catering , refuse collection , street cleaning , building cleaning , grounds maintenance and vehicle maintenance .
the 1988 local government act [] competitive tendering , as from 1 april , 1989 , in seven areas of service : school meals , other catering , refuse collection , street cleaning , building cleaning , grounds maintenance and vehicle maintenance .

If more detailed information was required , the companies would provide it .
if more detailed information was [] , the companies would provide it .

In hand-rubbed beech , the robust frame features an extra-long legrest , chunky arms and a brass drinks holder that swings out when required .
in hand-rubbed beech , the robust frame features an extra-long legrest , chunky arms and a brass drinks holder that swings out when [] .

Blinds can be raised and lowered as required .
blinds can be raised and lowered as [] .

Make sure you choose a model that can increase the normal temperature to that required for propagation .
make sure you choose a model that can increase the normal temperature to that [] for propagation .

The kits required to change the straps and bezels cost 7.50 .
the kits [] to change the straps and bezels cost 7.50 .

Staff are required to speak English and the children are looked after all day .
staff are [] to speak english and the children are looked after all day .

With the high pressure pumps and piping required , the initial outlay at Aonach Mor on their one cannon is 35,000 .
with the high pressure pumps and piping [] , the initial outlay at aonach mor on their one cannon is 35,000 .

Available in blue , black and red ink , it can be used in all writing situations , but is especially effective when carbon copies are required or when a very clear , precision line is needed .
available in blue , black and red ink , it can be used in all writing situations , but is especially effective when carbon copies are [] or when a very clear , precision line is needed .

As covered in previous articles , the six colour types which are the minimum required for a full repertoire are :
as covered in previous articles , the six colour types which are the minimum [] for a full repertoire are :

Few additional colours will be required .
few additional colours will be [] .

Frustration is avoided when required colours can be mixed with ease .
frustration is avoided when [] colours can be mixed with ease .

He starts by showing the reader the very minimum of materials required to get painting : six basic colours are suggested , from which different permutations are obtained using easily understood mixing techniques .
he starts by showing the reader the very minimum of materials [] to get painting : six basic colours are suggested , from which different permutations are obtained using easily understood mixing techniques .

When dry , it can be painted on directly , or , if a less absorbent surface is required , it can be coated with an oil or acrylic primer paint , or a coat of white emulsion paint .
when dry , it can be painted on directly , or , if a less absorbent surface is [] , it can be coated with an oil or acrylic primer paint , or a coat of white emulsion paint .

Unless you or your club subscribe to the amount required , it probably will not be raised , the defence for the Act will not be mounted and many miles of river will be lost .
unless you or your club subscribe to the amount [] , it probably will not be raised , the defence for the act will not be mounted and many miles of river will be lost .

Both turned out to be slightly more than required .
both turned out to be slightly more than [] .

This is severe and treatment is urgently required .
this is severe and treatment is urgently [] .

The Secretary of State is not required to entertain an appeal if it appears to him that permission for the proposed development could not have been granted by the local planning authority , or could not have been so granted otherwise than subject to the conditions imposed by them , having regard to the statutory requirements to the provisions of the development order , and to any directions given under the order .
the secretary of state is not [] to entertain an appeal if it appears to him that permission for the proposed development could not have been granted by the local planning authority , or could not have been so granted otherwise than subject to the conditions imposed by them , having regard to the statutory requirements to the provisions of the development order , and to any directions given under the order .

No previous experience is required .
no previous experience is [] .

The engine of these systems is the  labour pump  , the device which South Africans used to call  influx control  , which ensures that migrant labour circulates and can be pumped out back to its Bantustan when no longer required .
the engine of these systems is the  labour pump  , the device which south africans used to call  influx control  , which ensures that migrant labour circulates and can be pumped out back to its bantustan when no longer [] .

The idea that immigration can be discouraged by investment programmes paid for by the West and intended to make poor countries worth staying in can not possibly work , given the inconceivable sums of money which would be required , except  maybe  in eastern Europe .
the idea that immigration can be discouraged by investment programmes paid for by the west and intended to make poor countries worth staying in can not possibly work , given the inconceivable sums of money which would be [] , except  maybe  in eastern europe .

You are required by law to provide us with the following information : 
you are [] by law to provide us with the following information : 

that not less than two months notice has been given to the tenant stating that possession is required and that the Notice has expired .
that not less than two months notice has been given to the tenant stating that possession is [] and that the notice has expired .

Third parties were under no obligation to provide voluntary assistance , and section 2 of the Criminal Justice Act 1965 only required material evidence to be handed over .
third parties were under no obligation to provide voluntary assistance , and section 2 of the criminal justice act 1965 only [] material evidence to be handed over .

Its powers to use a witness summons are restricted in that , for example , it can not compel the production of documents merely required for the purposes of cross-examination .
its powers to use a witness summons are restricted in that , for example , it can not compel the production of documents merely [] for the purposes of cross-examination .

In the civil courts the plaintiff would be required to provide his or her case against the defendants , so to allow the application under section 232 ( 2 ) would be oppressive .
in the civil courts the plaintiff would be [] to provide his or her case against the defendants , so to allow the application under section 232 ( 2 ) would be oppressive .

Central to the appraisal of new capital expenditure proposals is the estimation of the size and timing of the cash outflows required to purchase labour and materials and of the cash inflows from invoiced sales of goods .
central to the appraisal of new capital expenditure proposals is the estimation of the size and timing of the cash outflows [] to purchase labour and materials and of the cash inflows from invoiced sales of goods .

Project sponsors are instructed to indicate what information would be required to conduct a thorough post-audit , whether the existing information systems provide this data , and if not , what steps should be taken to ensure that the required information is collected and available when required .
project sponsors are instructed to indicate what information would be [] to conduct a thorough post-audit , whether the existing information systems provide this data , and if not , what steps should be taken to ensure that the [] information is collected and available when [] .

The necessary papers and instructions required for these various forms of diligence are produced by our computer system when the appropriate input is made .
the necessary papers and instructions [] for these various forms of diligence are produced by our computer system when the appropriate input is made .

Last year , Trade Indemnity announced substantial losses which required it to have a rights issue which all bar the Prudential took up .
last year , trade indemnity announced substantial losses which [] it to have a rights issue which all bar the prudential took up .

The systems will reduce the need for discretionary limits as , if required , policyholders will be able to seek approval for small limits from the computer system .
the systems will reduce the need for discretionary limits as , if [] , policyholders will be able to seek approval for small limits from the computer system .

Readers of The National Trust Magazine will know from the annual summary of the Trust 's financial position how much more difficult it is becoming to find the resources required to carry out the Trust 's broad conservation responsibilities .
readers of the national trust magazine will know from the annual summary of the trust 's financial position how much more difficult it is becoming to find the resources [] to carry out the trust 's broad conservation responsibilities .

So as not to spoil needlessly the houses and gardens entrusted to its care but still find the money required to look after them , the Trust is continually looking for ways of raising funds which do not have an impact on the properties .
so as not to spoil needlessly the houses and gardens entrusted to its care but still find the money [] to look after them , the trust is continually looking for ways of raising funds which do not have an impact on the properties .

Funds are urgently required if this work is to be completed on the North Side .
funds are urgently [] if this work is to be completed on the north side .

To obtain one please send your contribution to Oxford Preservation Trust with details of the wording required , and stating  Magdalen Birdtable  .
to obtain one please send your contribution to oxford preservation trust with details of the wording [] , and stating  magdalen birdtable  .

But the final reconciliation came with Grant 's next promotion which required them to move to another county .
but the final reconciliation came with grant 's next promotion which [] them to move to another county .

Our November/December 1991 competition required powers of detection  novelist Lesley Grant-Adamson set her murder mystery on the Caribbean island of St Lucia .
our november/december 1991 competition [] powers of detection  novelist lesley grant-adamson set her murder mystery on the caribbean island of st lucia .

This event starts at 10.00pm in complete darkness ! The only equipment required is a detector and a set of headphones , as nothing is buried . Trowels and torches are definitely not allowed !
this event starts at 10.00pm in complete darkness ! the only equipment [] is a detector and a set of headphones , as nothing is buried . trowels and torches are definitely not allowed !

The utility purpose of a right-angled handle on a riding crop is to enable a rider to open and close a farm gate without dismounting , but this object would lack the required strength .
the utility purpose of a right-angled handle on a riding crop is to enable a rider to open and close a farm gate without dismounting , but this object would lack the [] strength .

 It did what was required of it ,  said Hugh grimly .
 it did what was [] of it ,  said hugh grimly .

She who could call a lame youth to her and support him with her invisible grace while he laid down his crutches on the steps of her altar , why doubt that she could turn the leaves of a Gospel , and guide a faithful finger to the words her will required ?
she who could call a lame youth to her and support him with her invisible grace while he laid down his crutches on the steps of her altar , why doubt that she could turn the leaves of a gospel , and guide a faithful finger to the words her will [] ?

All the staff , whether sporting or not , were required to be in attendance .
all the staff , whether sporting or not , were [] to be in attendance .

It seems reasonable to suspect that a certain political and military stability had first to be achieved and that the capacity to make law required consensus and mature counsel among the wiser men of the realm who advised the king which transcended his purely personal ambition .
it seems reasonable to suspect that a certain political and military stability had first to be achieved and that the capacity to make law [] consensus and mature counsel among the wiser men of the realm who advised the king which transcended his purely personal ambition .

The core group is required to be functionally flexible ; the numerical flexibility secured from the use of peripheral groups provides the core group with employment security as the basis of their functional flexibility in the face of change .
the core group is [] to be functionally flexible ; the numerical flexibility secured from the use of peripheral groups provides the core group with employment security as the basis of their functional flexibility in the face of change .

Throughout the questionnaire , please either ring the appropriate answer , or add information , as required by the question .
throughout the questionnaire , please either ring the appropriate answer , or add information , as [] by the question .

Rather than describe the required knowledge in general terms , we propose to discuss a number of topics which would embody that knowledge and its relationship to foreign language teaching .
rather than describe the [] knowledge in general terms , we propose to discuss a number of topics which would embody that knowledge and its relationship to foreign language teaching .

Those students were required by the University to take an examination paper with the title Modern English Language .
those students were [] by the university to take an examination paper with the title modern english language .

Extended , even maintained development , required additional staff .
extended , even maintained development , [] additional staff .

Further , since the previous examination record of the majority of our students was the minimum required , we could anticipate few B.Ed candidates  even if students ' response to what we had to offer proved to be very satisfactory indeed .
further , since the previous examination record of the majority of our students was the minimum [] , we could anticipate few b.ed candidates  even if students ' response to what we had to offer proved to be very satisfactory indeed .

Language development in a multi ethnic context , a required component of a post-experience diploma , Teaching in the Multi- Ethnic School .
language development in a multi ethnic context , a [] component of a post-experience diploma , teaching in the multi- ethnic school .

Questions are also categorised according to levels of thinking required .
questions are also categorised according to levels of thinking [] .

It is felt that traditional keyboard skills are not required by learners before they embark on work-processing .
it is felt that traditional keyboard skills are not [] by learners before they embark on work-processing .

Language is also a required component in all course files ( the mathematics file , the nursery file etc . )
language is also a [] component in all course files ( the mathematics file , the nursery file etc . )

It is of central importance , however , to two of the required files  the  anthology of stories and poetry  and the  language and literacy file   and in one of the examined reports  the year three essay on an aspect of literacy .
it is of central importance , however , to two of the [] files  the  anthology of stories and poetry  and the  language and literacy file   and in one of the examined reports  the year three essay on an aspect of literacy .

This economic expansion required a large number of unskilled as well as skilled recruits to a  labour force  from abroad because the locals were not interested or willing to work long and unsocial hours with low wages coupled with poor and insecure working conditions .
this economic expansion [] a large number of unskilled as well as skilled recruits to a  labour force  from abroad because the locals were not interested or willing to work long and unsocial hours with low wages coupled with poor and insecure working conditions .

The major sub-skills required in our sample are :
the major sub-skills [] in our sample are :

Professional Community Interpreter trainer required , with relevant experience in the community and the classroom with strong background knowledge of at least one service agency .
professional community interpreter trainer [] , with relevant experience in the community and the classroom with strong background knowledge of at least one service agency .

The Language Skills and Structures Required
the language skills and structures []

1 to select , train and assess others to practice as interpreters in the context of the public services to at least the level required by the Institute of Linguists Certificate in Community Interpreting ;
1 to select , train and assess others to practice as interpreters in the context of the public services to at least the level [] by the institute of linguists certificate in community interpreting ;

In 1934 the Minister of Transport , then Hore-Belisha , inaugurated a comprehensive survey of highway developments required in the London traffic area for the next 30 years , and an Origin and Destination census was conducted in June 1936 at London Docks ( note the then fixation in London road-traffic circles of facilitating good road communications to the Docks ) .
in 1934 the minister of transport , then hore-belisha , inaugurated a comprehensive survey of highway developments [] in the london traffic area for the next 30 years , and an origin and destination census was conducted in june 1936 at london docks ( note the then fixation in london road-traffic circles of facilitating good road communications to the docks ) .

It was acknowledged that within the heart of London there were areas which required remodelling and these would offer opportunities  for a fine architectural treatment  .
it was acknowledged that within the heart of london there were areas which [] remodelling and these would offer opportunities  for a fine architectural treatment  .

Two areas in particular required renewal , it was thought , namely the West End and the south bank of the river .
two areas in particular [] renewal , it was thought , namely the west end and the south bank of the river .

The inner ring comprised the older areas built up to around the turn of the century , which because of their high density and lack of open space required  decentralizing  , involving 415,000 persons .
the inner ring comprised the older areas built up to around the turn of the century , which because of their high density and lack of open space []  decentralizing  , involving 415,000 persons .

To accommodate the different types of housing required , the Committee recommended a range of densities : from 30 persons per acre for suburban development to 100 persons per acre for town centres , rising to a maximum of 120 for the largest cities .
to accommodate the different types of housing [] , the committee recommended a range of densities : from 30 persons per acre for suburban development to 100 persons per acre for town centres , rising to a maximum of 120 for the largest cities .

The Act required these authorities to submit their plans to the Minister by July 1951 .
the act [] these authorities to submit their plans to the minister by july 1951 .

1946 , increased the Exchequer subsidy to 16 10s per house for 60 years ; a rate contribution of 5 10s was also required .
1946 , increased the exchequer subsidy to 16 10s per house for 60 years ; a rate contribution of 5 10s was also [] .

One third of the dwelling stock of England and Wales was then more than 80 years old , and 37 per cent of all households lacked a fixed bath , 8 per cent a wc ( another 13 per cent were required to share ) , 6 per cent piped water ( another 14 per cent sharing ) and 6 per cent a kitchen sink .
one third of the dwelling stock of england and wales was then more than 80 years old , and 37 per cent of all households lacked a fixed bath , 8 per cent a wc ( another 13 per cent were [] to share ) , 6 per cent piped water ( another 14 per cent sharing ) and 6 per cent a kitchen sink .

Dalton succeeded Silkin as Minister in February 1950 and initiated another method of organizing arrangements for overspill from the big cities , without quite the extravagant implications of new corporations which Silkin 's schemes had required .
dalton succeeded silkin as minister in february 1950 and initiated another method of organizing arrangements for overspill from the big cities , without quite the extravagant implications of new corporations which silkin 's schemes had [] .

Briefly , office development permits were required for new offices in London .
briefly , office development permits were [] for new offices in london .

Public transport policies were required ; there should be a comprehensive parking policy ; and urban traffic flows should be regulated in a scheme of total traffic management .
public transport policies were [] ; there should be a comprehensive parking policy ; and urban traffic flows should be regulated in a scheme of total traffic management .

He had found him as a young officer in the Prenzlauer Berg division when he was no more than eighteen , but he already had a considerable appetite for the harsh and cruel police work that the Stasi required .
he had found him as a young officer in the prenzlauer berg division when he was no more than eighteen , but he already had a considerable appetite for the harsh and cruel police work that the stasi [] .

 Big science  on the model provided by Paris required funds that were only likely to be provided by governments , and some governments were more willing than others to get involved .
 big science  on the model provided by paris [] funds that were only likely to be provided by governments , and some governments were more willing than others to get involved .

Such tables required the collection of masses of information on the numbers of plants to be found in any area .
such tables [] the collection of masses of information on the numbers of plants to be found in any area .

But to many of the naturalists actually involved , the new discoveries required only a revision of traditional ideas rather than a revolution .
but to many of the naturalists actually involved , the new discoveries [] only a revision of traditional ideas rather than a revolution .

Morphology was already a well established discipline , which required only a change of emphasis to become the basis for the reconstruction of phylogenetic ( evolutionary ) relationships .
morphology was already a well established discipline , which [] only a change of emphasis to become the basis for the reconstruction of phylogenetic ( evolutionary ) relationships .

His theory required him to specify a reason why the human branch of the evolutionary tree had advanced so much further than those which led to the living apes .
his theory [] him to specify a reason why the human branch of the evolutionary tree had advanced so much further than those which led to the living apes .

The emergence of ecology as a science had no clear-cut links to the environmental movement that was advocating a reduction in the destructive activities required by modern civilization .
the emergence of ecology as a science had no clear-cut links to the environmental movement that was advocating a reduction in the destructive activities [] by modern civilization .

How the hell was he going to get the information he required from her with the conductor prattling about ?
how the hell was he going to get the information he [] from her with the conductor prattling about ?

When she married she continued to use these techniques although they were no longer relevant in a relationship which required different skills , but for her , this was a foreign country .
when she married she continued to use these techniques although they were no longer relevant in a relationship which [] different skills , but for her , this was a foreign country .

In another study of sixty-eight patients suffering from oedema , forty-two patients required only one  talking  interview for the symptom to subside .
in another study of sixty-eight patients suffering from oedema , forty-two patients [] only one  talking  interview for the symptom to subside .

She was caught up in her work , in the looking it required , a gaze that was intense and scrutinising without allowing any personal exchange of feeling to take place , when he was all at once bearing down on her , shouting , his right fist tight around his weapon , his left hand hitting the air and pointing at her with accusing index finger .
she was caught up in her work , in the looking it [] , a gaze that was intense and scrutinising without allowing any personal exchange of feeling to take place , when he was all at once bearing down on her , shouting , his right fist tight around his weapon , his left hand hitting the air and pointing at her with accusing index finger .

Fourthly it is generally true to say that fewer people are required to operate such systems and those employed are normally kept outside the main storage area .
fourthly it is generally true to say that fewer people are [] to operate such systems and those employed are normally kept outside the main storage area .

This is due to their large size , the complexity and time required to install such a system and the fact that a machine bound system tends to be less flexible to change and re-layout .
this is due to their large size , the complexity and time [] to install such a system and the fact that a machine bound system tends to be less flexible to change and re-layout .

In the case of manual systems one person per crane is usually all that is required to operate that part of the system with in-feed fork- lift trucks being restricted to an access area at the front of the warehouse .
in the case of manual systems one person per crane is usually all that is [] to operate that part of the system with in-feed fork- lift trucks being restricted to an access area at the front of the warehouse .

Electronic aids , perhaps sensing devices using infra-red scanners may be required , not only to record the pattern of the fire situation but also to give indications of dangerous temperatures in the structure .
electronic aids , perhaps sensing devices using infra-red scanners may be [] , not only to record the pattern of the fire situation but also to give indications of dangerous temperatures in the structure .

Depending on the size of the storage area perhaps a number of such control points would be required .
depending on the size of the storage area perhaps a number of such control points would be [] .

As they require considerable water quantities it is the insurance companies view that water is better applied through a sprinkler system as and where required .
as they require considerable water quantities it is the insurance companies view that water is better applied through a sprinkler system as and where [] .

In such a climate of change the 29th Edition Rules for Automatic Sprinkler Systems can only indicate that required sprinkler protection for broad categories of commodity .
in such a climate of change the 29th edition rules for automatic sprinkler systems can only indicate that [] sprinkler protection for broad categories of commodity .

For palletised rack storage at heights in excess of those shown in these tables , intermediate level sprinklers within the rack will be required according to the arrangements shown in the figures 1122.32.21 and 1122.32.31 ( d ) .
for palletised rack storage at heights in excess of those shown in these tables , intermediate level sprinklers within the rack will be [] according to the arrangements shown in the figures 1122.32.21 and 1122.32.31 ( d ) .

Intermediate level in-rack , sprinklers are required to operate at not less than 2 bar when the required assumed numbers are operating ; in addition , ceiling level protection will be required at the reduced rate of 7.5 mm/m over an area of operation of 260 m2 .
intermediate level in-rack , sprinklers are [] to operate at not less than 2 bar when the [] assumed numbers are operating ; in addition , ceiling level protection will be [] at the reduced rate of 7.5 mm/m over an area of operation of 260 m2 .

Where , in such warehouses the storage rack system supports the roof then little or no additional protection at ceiling level may be required according to the structure of the roof and the geometry of the rack system at roof level .
where , in such warehouses the storage rack system supports the roof then little or no additional protection at ceiling level may be [] according to the structure of the roof and the geometry of the rack system at roof level .

The very fact that the installation of a protective system is considered presupposes that some degree of control of the fire is desired , and if this is the case , the degree of control required must be capable of being quantified .
the very fact that the installation of a protective system is considered presupposes that some degree of control of the fire is desired , and if this is the case , the degree of control [] must be capable of being quantified .

( It is not always possible for the fire brigade to achieve this with the detail that is required ) .
( it is not always possible for the fire brigade to achieve this with the detail that is [] ) .

To gain these advantages , a fresh look will need to be taken at all our storage risks to ensure that the system does give the required performance .
to gain these advantages , a fresh look will need to be taken at all our storage risks to ensure that the system does give the [] performance .

This carefully structured approach should ensure that both Company and Architect have a mutually clear understanding of what is required which should obviate late changes to plans  so expensive to all concerned .
this carefully structured approach should ensure that both company and architect have a mutually clear understanding of what is [] which should obviate late changes to plans  so expensive to all concerned .

Further , as the type of fire will be dependent on the contents , buildings are required to be compartmented by vertical or horizontal fire separation taking into account the anticipated risk and fire load .
further , as the type of fire will be dependent on the contents , buildings are [] to be compartmented by vertical or horizontal fire separation taking into account the anticipated risk and fire load .

The compartment walls ( in Scotland , division walls ) and compartment floors are required to have a stipulated fire resistance depending on the size of the spaces as are all the other elements of structure as defined in the Regulations .
the compartment walls ( in scotland , division walls ) and compartment floors are [] to have a stipulated fire resistance depending on the size of the spaces as are all the other elements of structure as defined in the regulations .

The external walls of all buildings are therefore required to have the requisite period of fire resistance , unless the building is placed at , or more than a specified distance from , the boundary .
the external walls of all buildings are therefore [] to have the requisite period of fire resistance , unless the building is placed at , or more than a specified distance from , the boundary .

This distance is related to the proportion of unprotected areas ( windows , door or other parts of the construction not having the required fire resistance ) .
this distance is related to the proportion of unprotected areas ( windows , door or other parts of the construction not having the [] fire resistance ) .

In Scotland the required distance is specified in terms of a maximum thermal radiation intensity received from the buildings at the boundary .
in scotland the [] distance is specified in terms of a maximum thermal radiation intensity received from the buildings at the boundary .

So a degree of scepticism is required from practitioners towards their own forms of thought , with their associated practices and values .
so a degree of scepticism is [] from practitioners towards their own forms of thought , with their associated practices and values .

There should be nothing surprising about this : in a competitive market , where the number of would-be senior academics considerably exceeds the posts available , an  objective  means is required to allocate the scarce goods .
there should be nothing surprising about this : in a competitive market , where the number of would-be senior academics considerably exceeds the posts available , an  objective  means is [] to allocate the scarce goods .

It is right that students be initiated into the conceptual apparatus , skills and ways of going on within the teacher 's own discipline ; and it is right that students therefore acquire the discipline required for the necessary understanding and competencies .
it is right that students be initiated into the conceptual apparatus , skills and ways of going on within the teacher 's own discipline ; and it is right that students therefore acquire the discipline [] for the necessary understanding and competencies .

As a matter of fact , their programme of studies is a legal contract with their institution , the institution being required to provide a reasonable quality of course .
as a matter of fact , their programme of studies is a legal contract with their institution , the institution being [] to provide a reasonable quality of course .

Secondly , the use of the single term  learning  fails to suggest the radical change in approach and attitude required of staff in institutions , if students are to be enabled to pass through all the possible stages of intellectual growth .
secondly , the use of the single term  learning  fails to suggest the radical change in approach and attitude [] of staff in institutions , if students are to be enabled to pass through all the possible stages of intellectual growth .

They fail to grasp that what is required is their own detailed response to what is before them .
they fail to grasp that what is [] is their own detailed response to what is before them .

There are basically four elements required before a system can even begin to be considered as a desktop publishing tool .
there are basically four elements [] before a system can even begin to be considered as a desktop publishing tool .

It may still be economical to print ten or more but when hundreds or even thousands of copies are required a whole new technology takes over .
it may still be economical to print ten or more but when hundreds or even thousands of copies are [] a whole new technology takes over .

This is brilliantly easy to use , incorporates loads of special effects such as distortion , graduated tones and can even generate raw PostScript if required .
this is brilliantly easy to use , incorporates loads of special effects such as distortion , graduated tones and can even generate raw postscript if [] .

Cotswold quote a same-day turn-round for work received by 9.00am using Special Delivery post for the return journey although they will happily Red Star if required .
cotswold quote a same-day turn-round for work received by 9.00am using special delivery post for the return journey although they will happily red star if [] .

This should state the pages that are required , the number of copies , whether there are crop marks needed or colour separations , etc , etc .
this should state the pages that are [] , the number of copies , whether there are crop marks needed or colour separations , etc , etc .

Most of the bureau do n't supply order forms  most of their work comes in on spec  and so it is very much up to the customer to specify what is required .
most of the bureau do n't supply order forms  most of their work comes in on spec  and so it is very much up to the customer to specify what is [] .

The user creates the pages by manipulating this information so as to make it pleasing to the eye , informative , amusing , or whatever effect is required .
the user creates the pages by manipulating this information so as to make it pleasing to the eye , informative , amusing , or whatever effect is [] .

( Blue does n't reproduce when photographed for printing ) Within this framework the typeset text would be stuck down and photographs and illustrations added as required .
( blue does n't reproduce when photographed for printing ) within this framework the typeset text would be stuck down and photographs and illustrations added as [] .

This latter stage ; the photography and plate making , still forms a part of desktop publishing where large numbers of copies are required .
this latter stage ; the photography and plate making , still forms a part of desktop publishing where large numbers of copies are [] .

There are many cases where varying documents are required and it is likely that no one single product will be able to do them all .
there are many cases where varying documents are [] and it is likely that no one single product will be able to do them all .

To reproduce them by traditional means has required a special camera which can reduce the photograph to the required size and , at the same time , convert it into a pattern of dots  a process called halftone screening .
to reproduce them by traditional means has [] a special camera which can reduce the photograph to the [] size and , at the same time , convert it into a pattern of dots  a process called halftone screening .

The concept tends to fall down slightly when variations are required .
the concept tends to fall down slightly when variations are [] .

The mathematics required to convert the two voltages back into angles and hence into an actual position on the baseboard are relatively complex but once the relationship has been established the system can be made self-calibrating .
the mathematics [] to convert the two voltages back into angles and hence into an actual position on the baseboard are relatively complex but once the relationship has been established the system can be made self-calibrating .

High precision graphics tablets , also known as digitisers because they reduce analogue shapes to digital information , use a wide variety of techniques to produce the required information .
high precision graphics tablets , also known as digitisers because they reduce analogue shapes to digital information , use a wide variety of techniques to produce the [] information .

Changing the Paper or Ink colours is done by pressing the required option on the menu until the word appears in the status window , then pressing the required colour .
changing the paper or ink colours is done by pressing the [] option on the menu until the word appears in the status window , then pressing the [] colour .

Once the required colours and brush types have been selected a number of further options are available allowing the user to create Boxes , Circles , Polygons and rubber-banded lines .
once the [] colours and brush types have been selected a number of further options are available allowing the user to create boxes , circles , polygons and rubber-banded lines .

Actually sketching the required design on the tablet is best achieved with a stylus , a suitable example of this is supplied , but a finger can be used instead .
actually sketching the [] design on the tablet is best achieved with a stylus , a suitable example of this is supplied , but a finger can be used instead .

High precision graphics tablets , also known as digitisers because they reduce analogue shapes to digit information , use a wide variety of techniques to produce the required information .
high precision graphics tablets , also known as digitisers because they reduce analogue shapes to digit information , use a wide variety of techniques to produce the [] information .

Text , graphics and other images created in standard office automation programs could be imported into the program , given typographic attributes such as typeface , style and size before being arranged on the page as required .
text , graphics and other images created in standard office automation programs could be imported into the program , given typographic attributes such as typeface , style and size before being arranged on the page as [] .

The second major change that has begun to emerge , and will undoubtedly continue into the '90s , is that of the migration of electronic publishing products , which previously required the power of a workstation , onto personal computers .
the second major change that has begun to emerge , and will undoubtedly continue into the '90s , is that of the migration of electronic publishing products , which previously [] the power of a workstation , onto personal computers .

The desktop systems simply do not possess the storage capacity or speed required to manipulate colour documents of more than a page or two , let alone have the operator skills .
the desktop systems simply do not possess the storage capacity or speed [] to manipulate colour documents of more than a page or two , let alone have the operator skills .

The coming of digital type and computerised typesetting required that all the typefaces owned or licensed by a typesetter manufacturer had to be re-coded for the new systems .
the coming of digital type and computerised typesetting [] that all the typefaces owned or licensed by a typesetter manufacturer had to be re-coded for the new systems .

Our second camp consists of outline fonts which can be scaled to produce a bitmap of any required size and style .
our second camp consists of outline fonts which can be scaled to produce a bitmap of any [] size and style .

Rather than store a bitmap of each character at every size it might be required , something that takes prodigious amounts of memory or disk storage , they used a single digital outline of the character and generated the required bitmap on demand .
rather than store a bitmap of each character at every size it might be [] , something that takes prodigious amounts of memory or disk storage , they used a single digital outline of the character and generated the [] bitmap on demand .

the elimination of parts of a photograph or other original that are not required to be printed .
the elimination of parts of a photograph or other original that are not [] to be printed .

type faces which can be stored on a disk and then downloaded to the printer when required for printing .
type faces which can be stored on a disk and then downloaded to the printer when [] for printing .

the name and place of the publisher and printer required by law if a publication is to be published .
the name and place of the publisher and printer [] by law if a publication is to be published .

the addition of space between the letters of words to increase the line-length to a required width or to improve the appearance of a line .
the addition of space between the letters of words to increase the line-length to a [] width or to improve the appearance of a line .

additional paper required to compensate for spoilage in printing .
additional paper [] to compensate for spoilage in printing .

To obtain acceptable quality when scanning photographs , at least 64 grey scales are required .
to obtain acceptable quality when scanning photographs , at least 64 grey scales are [] .

The disadvantage with vector graphics , however , is that they are not tools for the casual artist , more precision instruments and correspondingly more care and effort is required on the part of the user .
the disadvantage with vector graphics , however , is that they are not tools for the casual artist , more precision instruments and correspondingly more care and effort is [] on the part of the user .

However , it was not easy to use and required a certain amount of both skill and effort to achieve decent results .
however , it was not easy to use and [] a certain amount of both skill and effort to achieve decent results .

Once the two basic shapes have been created a single point is selected on each object using the blend tool and the program then creates the required number of  in-between  stages .
once the two basic shapes have been created a single point is selected on each object using the blend tool and the program then creates the [] number of  in-between  stages .

Colour printing is a very precise operation and Illustrator will control the angle and density of the halftone screen required to produce the final image .
colour printing is a very precise operation and illustrator will control the angle and density of the halftone screen [] to produce the final image .

The selected object is surrounded by a rectangle , which forms the background but does not necessarily have a border , and these tiles can then be arranged as required , used as fills or combined with the clipping function .
the selected object is surrounded by a rectangle , which forms the background but does not necessarily have a border , and these tiles can then be arranged as [] , used as fills or combined with the clipping function .

Once the cursor has been positioned at the required place on the screen its position can be locked by pressing one of the  ears  .
once the cursor has been positioned at the [] place on the screen its position can be locked by pressing one of the  ears  .

Rather than having to type in the name of a program or press certain letters or numbers to select a function the user simply  points  to what is required and presses a button .
rather than having to type in the name of a program or press certain letters or numbers to select a function the user simply  points  to what is [] and presses a button .

Once in , and JustText is a perfectly reasonable text editor it its own right , the material can be  marked up  for the various fonts and styles required .
once in , and justtext is a perfectly reasonable text editor it its own right , the material can be  marked up  for the various fonts and styles [] .

Overall there are some 80 plus codes that control everything from the font required , the justification format , the numbers of columns , kerning , tracking , leading and a host more .
overall there are some 80 plus codes that control everything from the font [] , the justification format , the numbers of columns , kerning , tracking , leading and a host more .

Instead of using lumps of lead with the shape of the required letters moulded into their surface or spinning glass disks with the letters etched into them , the world was going digital .
instead of using lumps of lead with the shape of the [] letters moulded into their surface or spinning glass disks with the letters etched into them , the world was going digital .

Apart from the obvious requirement of a personal computer of some sort the other equipment required depends almost entirely on what sort of work the system will be used for .
apart from the obvious requirement of a personal computer of some sort the other equipment [] depends almost entirely on what sort of work the system will be used for .

This allows them to be produced at virtually any size and in a number of different styles as required .
this allows them to be produced at virtually any size and in a number of different styles as [] .

For the first category the two main concerns are that the software will accept input from whatever word processor you are currently using and that the page printer will support your required fonts .
for the first category the two main concerns are that the software will accept input from whatever word processor you are currently using and that the page printer will support your [] fonts .

Underlying the whole market is , of course , the desire to reduce the amount of manual intervention required for the production of printed or published material .
underlying the whole market is , of course , the desire to reduce the amount of manual intervention [] for the production of printed or published material .

The clever part is that this frame can be manipulated to make it into an irregular shape as required to match the text to the graphic .
the clever part is that this frame can be manipulated to make it into an irregular shape as [] to match the text to the graphic .

On a 300dpi page printer spot colour separations , ie solid colour , is possible but to get the best results for full colour work then a typesetter is required .
on a 300dpi page printer spot colour separations , ie solid colour , is possible but to get the best results for full colour work then a typesetter is [] .

Once the required pattern library is opened then any shape may be painted with the pattern  just as with any other pre-defined colour or pattern .
once the [] pattern library is opened then any shape may be painted with the pattern  just as with any other pre-defined colour or pattern .

The real power comes in the fact that these patterns can be manipulated and customised as required .
the real power comes in the fact that these patterns can be manipulated and customised as [] .

So far as the desktop publisher is concerned there are many packages that can share data without any form of translation being required as well as a few that need some gentle tweaking .
so far as the desktop publisher is concerned there are many packages that can share data without any form of translation being [] as well as a few that need some gentle tweaking .

As each dot is required the respective element is rapidly heated and the minute area of paper under the element changes colour .
as each dot is [] the respective element is rapidly heated and the minute area of paper under the element changes colour .

It is only now that the attention can be turned onto the actual hardware and software that will be required .
it is only now that the attention can be turned onto the actual hardware and software that will be [] .

Perhaps now is the time to run down the older methods and , if this is not the case , maybe some additional training is required .
perhaps now is the time to run down the older methods and , if this is not the case , maybe some additional training is [] .

He brushed a speck of dust from his sleeve as he waited for the silence he required .
he brushed a speck of dust from his sleeve as he waited for the silence he [] .

Other forms of influence help in achieving integration for example are required for this purpose  .
other forms of influence help in achieving integration for example are [] for this purpose  .

It is management 's task to decide which culture of organisation and management is required for his particular task .
it is management 's task to decide which culture of organisation and management is [] for his particular task .

Adair identified leadership style in this essentially functional approach : the common perception of leadership as  decision-making  was , he argued , inadequate to describe the range of action required by the complex situation in which the manager finds himself .
adair identified leadership style in this essentially functional approach : the common perception of leadership as  decision-making  was , he argued , inadequate to describe the range of action [] by the complex situation in which the manager finds himself .

Non-programmed decisions are required when a manager must use his judgement , and these exist :
non-programmed decisions are [] when a manager must use his judgement , and these exist :

the expected performance levels ( the expected results ) of the subordinate should be clearly specified ( ie determine the required results ) . These should be fully understood and accepted by the subordinate ; tasks should be assigned to the subordinate who should agree to do them ;
the expected performance levels ( the expected results ) of the subordinate should be clearly specified ( ie determine the [] results ) . these should be fully understood and accepted by the subordinate ; tasks should be assigned to the subordinate who should agree to do them ;

There should be delegation of authority according to the results required , ie .
there should be delegation of authority according to the results [] , ie .

For recurrent decisions , a general rule is required .
for recurrent decisions , a general rule is [] .

the collective authority of subordinates may be required to make a decision .
the collective authority of subordinates may be [] to make a decision .

Where a high level of uniformity is required throughout the organisation , and where effective coordination of different parts of the organisation is essential , there is likely to be more centralisation of authority .
where a high level of uniformity is [] throughout the organisation , and where effective coordination of different parts of the organisation is essential , there is likely to be more centralisation of authority .

the responsibilities and diversity of work done by superiors and subordinates . This will determine the amount of delegation that is possible , the amount of control required , the suitability of team working etc ;
the responsibilities and diversity of work done by superiors and subordinates . this will determine the amount of delegation that is possible , the amount of control [] , the suitability of team working etc ;

the different functional activities and efforts required to make and sell each product can be coordinated and integrated by the divisional/product manager .
the different functional activities and efforts [] to make and sell each product can be coordinated and integrated by the divisional/product manager .

The disadvantages of market-orientation may be that it requires special leadership ( a  bureaucratic  management would fail to achieve the required inter-relationships between the organisation and its customers ) and is likely to be costly in terms of staffing and other overheads .
the disadvantages of market-orientation may be that it requires special leadership ( a  bureaucratic  management would fail to achieve the [] inter-relationships between the organisation and its customers ) and is likely to be costly in terms of staffing and other overheads .

Individuals are required to perform their job to the full , but not to overstep the boundaries of their authority .
individuals are [] to perform their job to the full , but not to overstep the boundaries of their authority .

hospitals , local government , railways , public utilities ) , a bureaucratic organisation will probably be most suitable for providing , monitoring and controlling the required level of service .
hospitals , local government , railways , public utilities ) , a bureaucratic organisation will probably be most suitable for providing , monitoring and controlling the [] level of service .

As a result , it was found that closer supervision was required by management to ensure that the work was done properly and that every individual did his fair share .
as a result , it was found that closer supervision was [] by management to ensure that the work was done properly and that every individual did his fair share .

Thus the success and viability of an enterprise depend upon creating the most effective structure of administration , given the circumstances in which the organisation is operating  one which distributes the necessary tasks , delegates required authority and controls the outcomes of actions .
thus the success and viability of an enterprise depend upon creating the most effective structure of administration , given the circumstances in which the organisation is operating  one which distributes the necessary tasks , delegates [] authority and controls the outcomes of actions .

We the undermentioned agree to cut and secure all the corn grown on the farm in a workmanlike manner to my satisfaction ; make bottoms of stacks ; cover up when required ; hoe the turnips twice and turn or lift the barley once ; turn the pease once  each man to find a gaveller .
we the undermentioned agree to cut and secure all the corn grown on the farm in a workmanlike manner to my satisfaction ; make bottoms of stacks ; cover up when [] ; hoe the turnips twice and turn or lift the barley once ; turn the pease once  each man to find a gaveller .

Lastly the serrated blade of the sickle required no sharpening : it would last for a whole harvest without attention .
lastly the serrated blade of the sickle [] no sharpening : it would last for a whole harvest without attention .

Work hard when and where you were required : that 's what was in the articles .
work hard when and where you were [] : that 's what was in the articles .

This total falls well short of the sum required but , significantly , the burden on the taxpayer is nearly halved .
this total falls well short of the sum [] but , significantly , the burden on the taxpayer is nearly halved .

As paymaster he was responsible for the organization of the finance required in the restoration of the neglected royal palaces .
as paymaster he was responsible for the organization of the finance [] in the restoration of the neglected royal palaces .

Particularly noteworthy are the immensely popular New and Correct English Atlas ( editions from 1787 )  the standard county atlas of the period  and the Traveller 's Companion ( from 1790 ) , both of which required replacement of the printing plates due to wear caused by excessive demand , and the particularly fine New English Atlas ( from 1801 ) and New Universal Atlas ( from 1808 ) .
particularly noteworthy are the immensely popular new and correct english atlas ( editions from 1787 )  the standard county atlas of the period  and the traveller 's companion ( from 1790 ) , both of which [] replacement of the printing plates due to wear caused by excessive demand , and the particularly fine new english atlas ( from 1801 ) and new universal atlas ( from 1808 ) .

This process of compounding , which he patented in 1845 , came to be known as  McNaughting  , and as it was relatively inexpensive ( even though new boilers were required to supply steam at the higher pressure ) it was very popular in the second half of the nineteenth century .
this process of compounding , which he patented in 1845 , came to be known as  mcnaughting  , and as it was relatively inexpensive ( even though new boilers were [] to supply steam at the higher pressure ) it was very popular in the second half of the nineteenth century .

He had experimented in administering the powder to about fifty people over a period of five years  and never failed in the cure  , except in some cases of severe or chronic ague , which required the addition of some grains of quinine .
he had experimented in administering the powder to about fifty people over a period of five years  and never failed in the cure  , except in some cases of severe or chronic ague , which [] the addition of some grains of quinine .

The text was photographic copies of her own handwriting and the thousands of plates required were laboriously produced on hand-coated paper .
the text was photographic copies of her own handwriting and the thousands of plates [] were laboriously produced on hand-coated paper .

However , the steadily increasing weight of express trains in the 1890s made it obvious that more powerful locomotives would be required .
however , the steadily increasing weight of express trains in the 1890s made it obvious that more powerful locomotives would be [] .

He spoke vigorously in support of the protector 's Baltic policy , arguing that England 's commercial interests required a strong anti-Dutch and so pro-Swedish stance , even at the risk of war .
he spoke vigorously in support of the protector 's baltic policy , arguing that england 's commercial interests [] a strong anti-dutch and so pro-swedish stance , even at the risk of war .

Macdonell 's description of a village cricket match against a team of authors , most of them recognizable characters in Squire 's own team ,  The Invalids  , became required reading .
macdonell 's description of a village cricket match against a team of authors , most of them recognizable characters in squire 's own team ,  the invalids  , became [] reading .

Such men spoke in court on behalf of litigants and also stood surety for them when required .
such men spoke in court on behalf of litigants and also stood surety for them when [] .

Since incorporation would have required parliamentary approval , and alignment not much less , the scheme was impractical , but it was typical of the man .
since incorporation would have [] parliamentary approval , and alignment not much less , the scheme was impractical , but it was typical of the man .

In 1864 he received a first class in classical honour moderations , and then in 1867 a first in literae humaniores , even though he was said to have read no more than half the required books .
in 1864 he received a first class in classical honour moderations , and then in 1867 a first in literae humaniores , even though he was said to have read no more than half the [] books .

This movement was transmitted to cranks on the rear wheel by connecting rods ; the machine weighed almost exactly half a hundredweight and the physical effort required to ride it must have been very considerable .
this movement was transmitted to cranks on the rear wheel by connecting rods ; the machine weighed almost exactly half a hundredweight and the physical effort [] to ride it must have been very considerable .

With little money they required financial backing and Brunner 's high business reputation , no less than Mond 's scientific eminence , was crucial for their success .
with little money they [] financial backing and brunner 's high business reputation , no less than mond 's scientific eminence , was crucial for their success .

It was very simple , efficient , and reliable in operation , with the minor disadvantage that the vaporizer required preheating for a few minutes before the engine could be started ; when running , it retained sufficient heat to ignite the injected fuel .
it was very simple , efficient , and reliable in operation , with the minor disadvantage that the vaporizer [] preheating for a few minutes before the engine could be started ; when running , it retained sufficient heat to ignite the injected fuel .

But clearly , by the late 1940s , an entirely new approach was required , and Blom was given a free hand to bring everything as up to date as possible .
but clearly , by the late 1940s , an entirely new approach was [] , and blom was given a free hand to bring everything as up to date as possible .

This may have been the factor which enabled him alone to burn clinker successfully , since a glass kiln would be more likely to reach the temperatures required for successful burning of Portland cement rather than the lime-burning kiln used by his competitors .
this may have been the factor which enabled him alone to burn clinker successfully , since a glass kiln would be more likely to reach the temperatures [] for successful burning of portland cement rather than the lime-burning kiln used by his competitors .

In 1837 Gooch was appointed joint principal engineer with George Stephenson and was responsible for the line 's construction , which was his greatest achievement and required many heavy civil-engineering works , including a two-mile tunnel under the Pennine hills , the boring of which from thirteen shafts took over three years .
in 1837 gooch was appointed joint principal engineer with george stephenson and was responsible for the line 's construction , which was his greatest achievement and [] many heavy civil-engineering works , including a two-mile tunnel under the pennine hills , the boring of which from thirteen shafts took over three years .

It contains a solution to the problem ( in Bayes 's words ) :  Given the number of times in which an unknown event has happened and failed : Required the chance that the probability of its happening in a single trial lies somewhere between any two degrees of probability that can be named .
it contains a solution to the problem ( in bayes 's words ) :  given the number of times in which an unknown event has happened and failed : [] the chance that the probability of its happening in a single trial lies somewhere between any two degrees of probability that can be named .

For effective study one required emotional calm , self-satisfaction , routine , the minimum of distractions and discomforts , mental or physical .
for effective study one [] emotional calm , self-satisfaction , routine , the minimum of distractions and discomforts , mental or physical .

Little acts of kindness which required the body 's co-operation , such as helping with the washing-up after a good meal , demanded a prodigious amount of persuasion ; while a really big thing , like finishing Student Cross , just met with stubborn resistance .
little acts of kindness which [] the body 's co-operation , such as helping with the washing-up after a good meal , demanded a prodigious amount of persuasion ; while a really big thing , like finishing student cross , just met with stubborn resistance .

The body required autocratic government .
the body [] autocratic government .

The deed required on the creation of debenture stock may be a deed poll executed by the company alone , but it is now invariable practice for the deed to be made with trustees .
the deed [] on the creation of debenture stock may be a deed poll executed by the company alone , but it is now invariable practice for the deed to be made with trustees .

This is obviously far more satisfactory than leaving it to a widely dispersed class of persons each of whom may lack the skill , interest and financial resources required if he is to take action on his own .
this is obviously far more satisfactory than leaving it to a widely dispersed class of persons each of whom may lack the skill , interest and financial resources [] if he is to take action on his own .

The Cohen Committee admitted that these complaints were not altogether unfounded but all that has resulted is section 192 of the Act which invalidates provisions in trust deeds ( or elsewhere ) which purport to exempt a trustee from , or to indemnify him against ,  liability for breach of trust where he fails to show the degree of care and diligence required of him as a trustee having regard to the provisions of the trust deed conferring on him any powers , authorities or discretions .
the cohen committee admitted that these complaints were not altogether unfounded but all that has resulted is section 192 of the act which invalidates provisions in trust deeds ( or elsewhere ) which purport to exempt a trustee from , or to indemnify him against ,  liability for breach of trust where he fails to show the degree of care and diligence [] of him as a trustee having regard to the provisions of the trust deed conferring on him any powers , authorities or discretions .

The basic principle which the Act lays down is that to become a member , and thereby a shareholder , there must be agreement and entry on a register of members which every type of registered company is required to maintain and which , in relation to a company with shares is also a register of shareholdings .
the basic principle which the act lays down is that to become a member , and thereby a shareholder , there must be agreement and entry on a register of members which every type of registered company is [] to maintain and which , in relation to a company with shares is also a register of shareholdings .

Each subscriber to the memorandum of a limited company with a share capital is required to take at least one share and against the name of each must be shown the number of shares that he takes .
each subscriber to the memorandum of a limited company with a share capital is [] to take at least one share and against the name of each must be shown the number of shares that he takes .

The register , like other records that a company is required to maintain , may be kept either in bound books or by recording the matter in any other way and , in particular , may be on a computer or other electronic device so long as the material can be reproduced in legible form and is so reproduced for purposes of inspection or supply of a copy .
the register , like other records that a company is [] to maintain , may be kept either in bound books or by recording the matter in any other way and , in particular , may be on a computer or other electronic device so long as the material can be reproduced in legible form and is so reproduced for purposes of inspection or supply of a copy .

The Secretary of State for Employment is required to pay employees unpaid remuneration and other entitlements and entitled to recover this in priority to the debentureholder .
the secretary of state for employment is [] to pay employees unpaid remuneration and other entitlements and entitled to recover this in priority to the debentureholder .

second , where on registration of a charge the Registrar ( as he can be required to do ) issues a certificate of registration stating the date on which particulars of a charge were delivered to him , this is made conclusive evidence that the particulars were delivered no later than the date stated on the certificate and a presumption that they were delivered no earlier .
second , where on registration of a charge the registrar ( as he can be [] to do ) issues a certificate of registration stating the date on which particulars of a charge were delivered to him , this is made conclusive evidence that the particulars were delivered no later than the date stated on the certificate and a presumption that they were delivered no earlier .

Thus if the chargee is entitled to payment on demand he is not required to give the company a reasonable time in which to raise the funds to make payment and is only required to give the company time in which to put into effect the mechanics of payment .
thus if the chargee is entitled to payment on demand he is not [] to give the company a reasonable time in which to raise the funds to make payment and is only [] to give the company time in which to put into effect the mechanics of payment .

Here it suffices to say that the aim is to ensure that a company is required to do so when it is thought that the matter is one that the public needs to know .
here it suffices to say that the aim is to ensure that a company is [] to do so when it is thought that the matter is one that the public needs to know .

In addition to the documents which have to be delivered to the Registrar shortly after the occurrence of the events which they record , every company is required to make an Annual Return .
in addition to the documents which have to be delivered to the registrar shortly after the occurrence of the events which they record , every company is [] to make an annual return .

Every company , whether or not it is required to file annual accounts , must deliver to the Registrar successive returns in the prescribed form made up to its  return date ,  i.e .
every company , whether or not it is [] to file annual accounts , must deliver to the registrar successive returns in the prescribed form made up to its  return date ,  i.e .

Furthermore , the register of charges which the company is required to maintain may be more illuminating than that at Companies House since it must now contain entries of all charges on the company 's property whether or not they require to be registered at Companies House and copies of any instrument creating or evidencing a charge must also be kept .
furthermore , the register of charges which the company is [] to maintain may be more illuminating than that at companies house since it must now contain entries of all charges on the company 's property whether or not they require to be registered at companies house and copies of any instrument creating or evidencing a charge must also be kept .

Before turning to the all-important Accounts , mention must be made of other methods whereby information about a company is required to be disseminated .
before turning to the all-important accounts , mention must be made of other methods whereby information about a company is [] to be disseminated .

Apart from legally required publicity there is media publicity which may occur whether the company wants it to or not .
apart from legally [] publicity there is media publicity which may occur whether the company wants it to or not .

All required records must be preserved for three years if it is a private company or for six years if it is a public one .
all [] records must be preserved for three years if it is a private company or for six years if it is a public one .

Under section 230 certain derogations from the provisions of Schedule 4 apply to the individual accounts of a parent which is required to prepare consolidated accounts ( and has done so ) thereby rendering those provisions otiose .
under section 230 certain derogations from the provisions of schedule 4 apply to the individual accounts of a parent which is [] to prepare consolidated accounts ( and has done so ) thereby rendering those provisions otiose .

Moreover , if the requirements of Schedule 6 ( disclosure of emoluments and benefits of directors ) are not complied with in the accounts ,  the auditors shall include in their report , so far as they are reasonably able to do so , a statement giving the required particulars .
moreover , if the requirements of schedule 6 ( disclosure of emoluments and benefits of directors ) are not complied with in the accounts ,  the auditors shall include in their report , so far as they are reasonably able to do so , a statement giving the [] particulars .

And , now that the Act expressly recognises that a firm , as such , may be appointed and that increasingly accountancy firms are incorporated , it is expressly stated that what is then required is a signature in the name of the firm by a person authorised to sign on its behalf .
and , now that the act expressly recognises that a firm , as such , may be appointed and that increasingly accountancy firms are incorporated , it is expressly stated that what is then [] is a signature in the name of the firm by a person authorised to sign on its behalf .

If a company publishes any of its statutory accounts they must be accompanied by the auditors ' report and if it is required to prepare statutory group accounts it may not publish its ( statutory ) individual accounts unless they are accompanied by its statutory group accounts .
if a company publishes any of its statutory accounts they must be accompanied by the auditors ' report and if it is [] to prepare statutory group accounts it may not publish its ( statutory ) individual accounts unless they are accompanied by its statutory group accounts .

 Under section 250 it is treated as dormant  during a period in which  there is no transaction which is required by section 221 to be entered in the company 's accounting records ; and a company ceases to be dormant on the occurrence of such a transaction .
 under section 250 it is treated as dormant  during a period in which  there is no transaction which is [] by section 221 to be entered in the company 's accounting records ; and a company ceases to be dormant on the occurrence of such a transaction .

Barbara Coleman was proficient but being a full-time artist required more than that and Rain judged that she had no more to give .
barbara coleman was proficient but being a full-time artist [] more than that and rain judged that she had no more to give .

No more was required .
no more was [] .

The other advantage of affray for the prosecutor is that it requires a less exacting proof of mens rea than is required for the offences against the person .
the other advantage of affray for the prosecutor is that it requires a less exacting proof of mens rea than is [] for the offences against the person .

The prosecutor is not required to prove who the particular victim of the defendant 's violence actually was .
the prosecutor is not [] to prove who the particular victim of the defendant 's violence actually was .

The offence of affray can be committed by using or threatening unlawful violence , which is the same concept ( with two qualifications ) as that required for riot and violent disorder .
the offence of affray can be committed by using or threatening unlawful violence , which is the same concept ( with two qualifications ) as that [] for riot and violent disorder .

If it were still the case that affray required that the incident should take place in public , the case would be cast-iron .
if it were still the case that affray [] that the incident should take place in public , the case would be cast-iron .

 At common law , it was required that the bystanders should be terrified .
 at common law , it was [] that the bystanders should be terrified .

One defect was that it required proof of the likelihood of a breach of the peace as a result of the defendant 's conduct .
one defect was that it [] proof of the likelihood of a breach of the peace as a result of the defendant 's conduct .

Certainly , the exhibitor could be required to remove the offending poster by virtue of section 5 .
certainly , the exhibitor could be [] to remove the offending poster by virtue of section 5 .

The Act does not appear to require the constable to warn the offender that he may be arrested if he fails to desist as required .
the act does not appear to require the constable to warn the offender that he may be arrested if he fails to desist as [] .

Even if it is not technically required , it would no doubt be sensible police practice to spell out the fact that an arrest is imminent in the event of non-compliance .
even if it is not technically [] , it would no doubt be sensible police practice to spell out the fact that an arrest is imminent in the event of non-compliance .

Instead , local legislation in various local authority areas imposed such obligations , and there were varying time limits as to flow soon before the date of the proposed procession notice was required .
instead , local legislation in various local authority areas imposed such obligations , and there were varying time limits as to flow soon before the date of the proposed procession notice was [] .

Unlike the law relating to  public assemblies ,  no minimum number of participants is required .
unlike the law relating to  public assemblies ,  no minimum number of participants is [] .

Since the mental element required for the commission of the the offences of organisation and participation is knowledge which the courts increasingly interpret to require an awareness of all the circumstances by virtue of which it is said that an offence is committed , it may well be sensible police practice to issue a warning before arresting and prosecuting with an offence under this Part of the Act .
since the mental element [] for the commission of the the offences of organisation and participation is knowledge which the courts increasingly interpret to require an awareness of all the circumstances by virtue of which it is said that an offence is committed , it may well be sensible police practice to issue a warning before arresting and prosecuting with an offence under this part of the act .

The Act was not amended by the Race Relations Act 1976 , which meant that the mental element required for the commission of the offence remained restricted to intention to cause racial hatred , as opposed to the likelihood that racial hatred would be stirred up .
the act was not amended by the race relations act 1976 , which meant that the mental element [] for the commission of the offence remained restricted to intention to cause racial hatred , as opposed to the likelihood that racial hatred would be stirred up .

It was envisaged by Parliament that the services might be developed in a more selective way , becoming available only to those who chose to have such a facility , and it was contemplated that there would not be the same obligations of good taste and balance that are required of existing television broadcasters .
it was envisaged by parliament that the services might be developed in a more selective way , becoming available only to those who chose to have such a facility , and it was contemplated that there would not be the same obligations of good taste and balance that are [] of existing television broadcasters .

This went further than previous decisions , which had hitherto required some independent illegality in the conduct of the person whose conduct was called in question .
this went further than previous decisions , which had hitherto [] some independent illegality in the conduct of the person whose conduct was called in question .

If the prosecutor were required to prove that the assailant knew or was reckless about the question whether his victim was a policeman , it might occasionally be that the assailant would escape conviction of the section 51 charge .
if the prosecutor were [] to prove that the assailant knew or was reckless about the question whether his victim was a policeman , it might occasionally be that the assailant would escape conviction of the section 51 charge .

For example , Forster and Olbrei ( 1974 , p. 320 ) propose that :  syntactic processing is relatively independent of semantic processing , in the sense that the time required to analyze the syntactic structure of a sentence is constant , despite variations in the meaning of the sentence .
for example , forster and olbrei ( 1974 , p. 320 ) propose that :  syntactic processing is relatively independent of semantic processing , in the sense that the time [] to analyze the syntactic structure of a sentence is constant , despite variations in the meaning of the sentence .

The results of Warman 's experiments strongly suggest that in normal language comprehension syntactic processing is not autonomous , in the sense that the time taken to understand a sentence does not depend solely on the amount of syntactic analysis required .
the results of warman 's experiments strongly suggest that in normal language comprehension syntactic processing is not autonomous , in the sense that the time taken to understand a sentence does not depend solely on the amount of syntactic analysis [] .

The subjects were required to understand the sentences and report any errors they noticed .
the subjects were [] to understand the sentences and report any errors they noticed .

In the other condition , where later information required the drawing of bridging inferences , such inferences were falsely recognised 58 per cent of the time .
in the other condition , where later information [] the drawing of bridging inferences , such inferences were falsely recognised 58 per cent of the time .

We distinguished between optional inferences ( not required for understanding discourse but naturally suggested once a discourse interpretation has been decided upon ) and bridging inferences ( necessary for establishing the links between apparently unrelated elements in the discourse ) .
we distinguished between optional inferences ( not [] for understanding discourse but naturally suggested once a discourse interpretation has been decided upon ) and bridging inferences ( necessary for establishing the links between apparently unrelated elements in the discourse ) .

When subjects are required to press a button as soon as they are able to understand a sentence , or when subjects are asked to recall a passage , it is clear what constitutes a  correct  response .
when subjects are [] to press a button as soon as they are able to understand a sentence , or when subjects are asked to recall a passage , it is clear what constitutes a  correct  response .

All that is required is retrieval of an item from an output lexicon ( phonological output lexicon for spoken production , or orthographic output lexicon for written production ) .
all that is [] is retrieval of an item from an output lexicon ( phonological output lexicon for spoken production , or orthographic output lexicon for written production ) .

On yet other occasions the access of lexical items will be constrained by the selection of particular syntactic options which are required in order to convey particular communicative intentions .
on yet other occasions the access of lexical items will be constrained by the selection of particular syntactic options which are [] in order to convey particular communicative intentions .

We described Garrett 's ideas about the various processes required for the production of spoken sentences , and the various factors ( discourse theme , animacy , lexical accessibility ) which determine the choice a speaker makes between different sentences expressing the same meaning  passives versus actives , for example .
we described garrett 's ideas about the various processes [] for the production of spoken sentences , and the various factors ( discourse theme , animacy , lexical accessibility ) which determine the choice a speaker makes between different sentences expressing the same meaning  passives versus actives , for example .

The contrasting pattern characteristic of Wernicke 's aphasia and illustrated by the second of the patients of Funnell ( 1983 )  whose attempt at a description of Figure 15 we also quoted earlier in this chapter  could be interpreted , in terms of Garrett 's model , as arising when there is a defect of the process which selects the required major lexical items from the lexicon .
the contrasting pattern characteristic of wernicke 's aphasia and illustrated by the second of the patients of funnell ( 1983 )  whose attempt at a description of figure 15 we also quoted earlier in this chapter  could be interpreted , in terms of garrett 's model , as arising when there is a defect of the process which selects the [] major lexical items from the lexicon .

1 ( b ) Proceed with the excavation , leaving marginal shelves as required 23 cm ( 9 in ) wide and 23 cm ( 9 in ) below water level .
1 ( b ) proceed with the excavation , leaving marginal shelves as [] 23 cm ( 9 in ) wide and 23 cm ( 9 in ) below water level .

( a ) The soil is excavated to the required shape .
( a ) the soil is excavated to the [] shape .

If a more decorative fountain is required , an ornamental fountain , such as this dolphin one , can be installed .
if a more decorative fountain is [] , an ornamental fountain , such as this dolphin one , can be installed .

Some submersible pumps have a very small discharge and so it is important to judge the water flow required before shopping around .
some submersible pumps have a very small discharge and so it is important to judge the water flow [] before shopping around .

Most will provide an adequate fountain , but a surprising amount of water is required to operate a satisfactory waterfall .
most will provide an adequate fountain , but a surprising amount of water is [] to operate a satisfactory waterfall .

Most manufactured cascade units require an output of at least 1140 litres ( 250 gallons ) per hour to put a thin sheet of water across their width , while 1365 litres ( 300 gallons ) per hour is required to make a continuous filmy flow 15 cm ( 6 in ) wide .
most manufactured cascade units require an output of at least 1140 litres ( 250 gallons ) per hour to put a thin sheet of water across their width , while 1365 litres ( 300 gallons ) per hour is [] to make a continuous filmy flow 15 cm ( 6 in ) wide .

It is then a relatively simple matter to assess the flow required down the watercourse .
it is then a relatively simple matter to assess the flow [] down the watercourse .

If a pump is not already in use , clearly an extension cable , with a weatherproof connector , will be required to reach back to the nearest electric point .
if a pump is not already in use , clearly an extension cable , with a weatherproof connector , will be [] to reach back to the nearest electric point .

They are simple to install , for all that is required is that they be level from side to side , and with the lip protruding sufficiently to enable the full body of water to be emptied into the pool rather than on to the surrounding ground ( Fig .
they are simple to install , for all that is [] is that they be level from side to side , and with the lip protruding sufficiently to enable the full body of water to be emptied into the pool rather than on to the surrounding ground ( fig .

They are simple to install ; all that is required is that they be level from side to side , and with the lip of the lowest basin protruding sufficiently so that the water empties directly into the pool water and not on to the edging of the pool .
they are simple to install ; all that is [] is that they be level from side to side , and with the lip of the lowest basin protruding sufficiently so that the water empties directly into the pool water and not on to the edging of the pool .

If the fish are required to breed , then a stocking rate of one/third of that , or 5 cm ( 2 in ) of fish to every 0.09 square metre ( square foot ) of surface area , is more satisfactory .
if the fish are [] to breed , then a stocking rate of one/third of that , or 5 cm ( 2 in ) of fish to every 0.09 square metre ( square foot ) of surface area , is more satisfactory .

His navigational skills were required at Ri Grande and it was then he painted his Learjet with the name ngel de Muerte , on both sides , so that on the radio beamed to the English they could say the ngel of Death was coming with his French missiles loaded to kill .
his navigational skills were [] at ri grande and it was then he painted his learjet with the name ngel de muerte , on both sides , so that on the radio beamed to the english they could say the ngel of death was coming with his french missiles loaded to kill .

Also materials were required to effect temporary repairs to the starb 'd bow where several timbers had been started by the ship riding up against the tug 's stern .
also materials were [] to effect temporary repairs to the starb 'd bow where several timbers had been started by the ship riding up against the tug 's stern .

That was when they had sent for Captain Freddie , and after what he described as a long , sometimes  vair ackermonious diskussion  , and after a good deal of long distance telephoning , fax instructions had finally come through that allowed the Chileans to accept his decision as to what was required .
that was when they had sent for captain freddie , and after what he described as a long , sometimes  vair ackermonious diskussion  , and after a good deal of long distance telephoning , fax instructions had finally come through that allowed the chileans to accept his decision as to what was [] .

He had been on board the Santa Maria some two hours or more working out with the Argentine naval lieutenant and the tug 's engineers just what was required to get the tow safely down the short cut into the Beagle Channel and thence to Ushuaia .
he had been on board the santa maria some two hours or more working out with the argentine naval lieutenant and the tug 's engineers just what was [] to get the tow safely down the short cut into the beagle channel and thence to ushuaia .

These public contests are firmly based on agreement as to the fundamental characteristics of the type of regime and economic system that is required for the country .
these public contests are firmly based on agreement as to the fundamental characteristics of the type of regime and economic system that is [] for the country .

Olson suggests that these organizations are sometimes artificial creations required by governments to provide them with a representative body they can negotiate with .
olson suggests that these organizations are sometimes artificial creations [] by governments to provide them with a representative body they can negotiate with .

Similarly , in the Soviet Union assembly approval for presidential appointments was required under Gorbachev 's presidential system and is still required in some of the successor republics .
similarly , in the soviet union assembly approval for presidential appointments was [] under gorbachev 's presidential system and is still [] in some of the successor republics .

As the administration of industrialized societies becomes more complex and the number of technicians required increases , bureaucracy is bound to develop very sophisticated views on how things must be done , and indeed , what , if anything , should be done .
as the administration of industrialized societies becomes more complex and the number of technicians [] increases , bureaucracy is bound to develop very sophisticated views on how things must be done , and indeed , what , if anything , should be done .

It is more important to study the structural relationships maintained by bureaucrats , and the potential power coming to them from their control over much of the information required for the administration of a modern state .
it is more important to study the structural relationships maintained by bureaucrats , and the potential power coming to them from their control over much of the information [] for the administration of a modern state .

Nevertheless , the degree of abstraction required in their formulation , in order to reduce the global to the manageable , leaves considerable scope for criticism .
nevertheless , the degree of abstraction [] in their formulation , in order to reduce the global to the manageable , leaves considerable scope for criticism .

This reflects the simple truth that whichever kind of organization is being considered , information is required about revenues , expenses , assets , liabilities and cash flows .
this reflects the simple truth that whichever kind of organization is being considered , information is [] about revenues , expenses , assets , liabilities and cash flows .

Schedule 13 , para 7(i) , Local Government Act 1972 required that where expenditure was defrayed by borrowing , a sum equivalent to an instalment of principal and interest was debited to the relevant operating statement so that the loan was repaid over a specified period of years .
schedule 13 , para 7(i) , local government act 1972 [] that where expenditure was defrayed by borrowing , a sum equivalent to an instalment of principal and interest was debited to the relevant operating statement so that the loan was repaid over a specified period of years .

There is one more entry required .
there is one more entry [] .

The individual fund accounts then borrow any required capital finance from the Loans Fund .
the individual fund accounts then borrow any [] capital finance from the loans fund .

If there are effects on the revenue account , these will be accounted for when the revenue finance is required .
if there are effects on the revenue account , these will be accounted for when the revenue finance is [] .

The community can not afford to pay the required tax in one year so the immediate finance is by borrowing .
the community can not afford to pay the [] tax in one year so the immediate finance is by borrowing .

The property tax will be levied , on the predictable base of immovable property , to yield the required annual debt repayments .
the property tax will be levied , on the predictable base of immovable property , to yield the [] annual debt repayments .

It then borrows the capital required and invests it in the asset .
it then borrows the capital [] and invests it in the asset .

Governments are not required to balance their budgets .
governments are not [] to balance their budgets .

In practice , this does not happen but the rationale for this policy in the context of trading funds is that , in competing with the private sector , the Treasury argues that the fund should be required to make charges that at least cover a normal commercial return on capital .
in practice , this does not happen but the rationale for this policy in the context of trading funds is that , in competing with the private sector , the treasury argues that the fund should be [] to make charges that at least cover a normal commercial return on capital .

Separate disclosures are required , for example : Profit and Loss Accounts ( or footnotes )
separate disclosures are [] , for example : profit and loss accounts ( or footnotes )

summarized statements of income and expenditure of each fund or undertaking required by law to be accounted for separately ;
summarized statements of income and expenditure of each fund or undertaking [] by law to be accounted for separately ;

Indeed , the profit figure that is required is not likely to be the one in the financial statements : that is forever a bygone .
indeed , the profit figure that is [] is not likely to be the one in the financial statements : that is forever a bygone .

One interpretation of this is that as the nationalized industries move closer to some form of privatization so their published financial information appears to become closer and closer to the commercial practice of publishing only that which is required , and no more .
one interpretation of this is that as the nationalized industries move closer to some form of privatization so their published financial information appears to become closer and closer to the commercial practice of publishing only that which is [] , and no more .

But the most important point is that very often auditors are required to do much more than express opinions on financial statements , in the public sector in general and in government particularly .
but the most important point is that very often auditors are [] to do much more than express opinions on financial statements , in the public sector in general and in government particularly .

In central government as well as in the National Health Service there are many internal audit sections ; in local government all authorities are required by the Accounts and Audit Regulations 1983 to have internal audit departments .
in central government as well as in the national health service there are many internal audit sections ; in local government all authorities are [] by the accounts and audit regulations 1983 to have internal audit departments .

Generally , the accounts are required to be audited by an auditor appointed by the same Secretary of State .
generally , the accounts are [] to be audited by an auditor appointed by the same secretary of state .

It is for that reason that a degree of expertise is required in hand strikes and blocking techniques before a student is taught kicks .
it is for that reason that a degree of expertise is [] in hand strikes and blocking techniques before a student is taught kicks .

Stamina , flexibility , sharp reflexes and general physical fitness are required to perform the fighting movements with ease .
stamina , flexibility , sharp reflexes and general physical fitness are [] to perform the fighting movements with ease .

It is a slow painstaking path to technical competence , but the close mental concentration required to learn new techniques increases physical strength and as a student makes progress towards reacting instantly and harmoniously to situations , so he finds himself eager to advance further .
it is a slow painstaking path to technical competence , but the close mental concentration [] to learn new techniques increases physical strength and as a student makes progress towards reacting instantly and harmoniously to situations , so he finds himself eager to advance further .

One of the first things required in the practice of tai chi chuan is to come to terms with its slow , dreamlike movements .
one of the first things [] in the practice of tai chi chuan is to come to terms with its slow , dreamlike movements .

Its series of choreographed fighting movements includes all the techniques required to deal with almost any situation and it allows the student to display his competence of the art to its maximum .
its series of choreographed fighting movements includes all the techniques [] to deal with almost any situation and it allows the student to display his competence of the art to its maximum .

While performing the required movements within the kata , the student is able to meditate .
while performing the [] movements within the kata , the student is able to meditate .

All beginners are required to master the first kata before taking their first grading examination .
all beginners are [] to master the first kata before taking their first grading examination .

Once the primary movements have been learned  the stances , kicks , punches and blocks  and also a first kata , a new student is required to take an examination , called a grading .
once the primary movements have been learned  the stances , kicks , punches and blocks  and also a first kata , a new student is [] to take an examination , called a grading .

Impeccable etiquette is required from everyone ; discipline and good manners , have to be observed at all times .
impeccable etiquette is [] from everyone ; discipline and good manners , have to be observed at all times .

Rigorous stretching exercises and taekwondo go hand in hand , for without pushing the muscles beyond their normal use , the sinews and tendons will not gain the elasticity that is required for dynamic kicking techniques .
rigorous stretching exercises and taekwondo go hand in hand , for without pushing the muscles beyond their normal use , the sinews and tendons will not gain the elasticity that is [] for dynamic kicking techniques .

The reverse turning kick 1 : more speed is required for an air break because the boards are unsupported .
the reverse turning kick 1 : more speed is [] for an air break because the boards are unsupported .

Yet all that is required is daily practice , interspersed with regular club training , and everything will become clear .
yet all that is [] is daily practice , interspersed with regular club training , and everything will become clear .

In much work that was to develop within the compass of physical geography , the chronology assumed a greater significance , it required a greater knowledge of existing and recently developed dating techniques , and it thus involved close liaison with other disciplines particularly geology , biology and archaeology amongst the broadening spectrum of the earth and environmental sciences .
in much work that was to develop within the compass of physical geography , the chronology assumed a greater significance , it [] a greater knowledge of existing and recently developed dating techniques , and it thus involved close liaison with other disciplines particularly geology , biology and archaeology amongst the broadening spectrum of the earth and environmental sciences .

In this case pluralism as visualized by Butzer is required .
in this case pluralism as visualized by butzer is [] .

This new focus has required the replacement of conservatism , which in geomorphology has ignored subjects of topical concern like accelerated soil erosion , and the persistent misconception that denudation chronology can be equated with Davisian cycles  dated  by landform geometries ( Butzer , 1980 ) .
this new focus has [] the replacement of conservatism , which in geomorphology has ignored subjects of topical concern like accelerated soil erosion , and the persistent misconception that denudation chronology can be equated with davisian cycles  dated  by landform geometries ( butzer , 1980 ) .

Strahler continued ( 1952 , p. 937 ) to suggest a programme for further research in geomorphology and this required five steps which were ( 1 ) a study of geomorphic processes and landforms as various kinds of responses to gravitational and molecular stresses acting on materials ; ( 2 ) quantitative determination of landform characteristics and causative factors ; ( 3 ) formulation of empirical equations by mathematical statistics ; ( 4 ) building concepts of open dynamic systems and steady states for all geomorphic processes ; and ( 5 ) deduction of general mathematical models to serve as quantitative natural laws .
strahler continued ( 1952 , p. 937 ) to suggest a programme for further research in geomorphology and this [] five steps which were ( 1 ) a study of geomorphic processes and landforms as various kinds of responses to gravitational and molecular stresses acting on materials ; ( 2 ) quantitative determination of landform characteristics and causative factors ; ( 3 ) formulation of empirical equations by mathematical statistics ; ( 4 ) building concepts of open dynamic systems and steady states for all geomorphic processes ; and ( 5 ) deduction of general mathematical models to serve as quantitative natural laws .

Thus the understanding of glacial landforms such as cirques required further knowledge of the processes of ice movement and glacial erosion and the interpretation of planation surfaces as having been produced by marine erosion required knowledge of the nature and rate of processes of coastal erosion .
thus the understanding of glacial landforms such as cirques [] further knowledge of the processes of ice movement and glacial erosion and the interpretation of planation surfaces as having been produced by marine erosion [] knowledge of the nature and rate of processes of coastal erosion .

More data were required but the availability of quantitative data in atmospheric , hydrological and coastal processes , for example , together with the collection of information associated with national mapping programmes such as those for soil survey , produced a situation in which the need for further process studies was highly desirable .
more data were [] but the availability of quantitative data in atmospheric , hydrological and coastal processes , for example , together with the collection of information associated with national mapping programmes such as those for soil survey , produced a situation in which the need for further process studies was highly desirable .

Focus upon ecosystems in this way also required emphasis upon biogeochemical cycles which are the pathways whereby mineral nutrients are cycled through the world system and this was important as a major thrust in the systems approach ( chapter 7 , p. 156 ) .
focus upon ecosystems in this way also [] emphasis upon biogeochemical cycles which are the pathways whereby mineral nutrients are cycled through the world system and this was important as a major thrust in the systems approach ( chapter 7 , p. 156 ) .

Closer observation of many geomorphic processes is required before the relative importance of different processes and of events of differing magnitude and frequency in the formation of given features of the landscape can be adequately evaluated .
closer observation of many geomorphic processes is [] before the relative importance of different processes and of events of differing magnitude and frequency in the formation of given features of the landscape can be adequately evaluated .

They had been given a family room , from which Monsieur Gauthier had obligingly removed one of the three single beds in order to provide the space Iris required for her daily yoga session .
they had been given a family room , from which monsieur gauthier had obligingly removed one of the three single beds in order to provide the space iris [] for her daily yoga session .

This proposal was advanced as an important measure towards disarmament and the creation of zones of limited arms , but it was not taken seriously by Western leaders since it required in effect wholly asymmetrical concessions by East and West .
this proposal was advanced as an important measure towards disarmament and the creation of zones of limited arms , but it was not taken seriously by western leaders since it [] in effect wholly asymmetrical concessions by east and west .

Health and Beauty was a required factor in any woman 's magazine , as was Fashion .
health and beauty was a [] factor in any woman 's magazine , as was fashion .

Very high altitudes can also be attained by the employment of natural and artificial harmonics , but here again the use of these is the exception rather than the rule , and a good deal of practical knowledge of string technique is required for their safe and appropriate use .
very high altitudes can also be attained by the employment of natural and artificial harmonics , but here again the use of these is the exception rather than the rule , and a good deal of practical knowledge of string technique is [] for their safe and appropriate use .

Owing to the curvature of the bridge , the top two notes only of a three- or four-part chord can be sustained . If this effect is required , write thus :
owing to the curvature of the bridge , the top two notes only of a three- or four-part chord can be sustained . if this effect is [] , write thus :

The double bass pizzicato provides the two bass notes in each bar , required by the original , and also supplies lightness , rhythm , and  spring  to the whole texture .
the double bass pizzicato provides the two bass notes in each bar , [] by the original , and also supplies lightness , rhythm , and  spring  to the whole texture .

It should be obvious that what is really implied here is the rapid repetition of the complete chords , which would be impossible on the piano at the required speed .
it should be obvious that what is really implied here is the rapid repetition of the complete chords , which would be impossible on the piano at the [] speed .

The piccolo is played by the 2nd flautist ( or in large orchestras by the 3rd ) who plays flute or piccolo as required .
the piccolo is played by the 2nd flautist ( or in large orchestras by the 3rd ) who plays flute or piccolo as [] .

Each valve or combination of valves , therefore , produces not a single note but a whole series of possible notes , the one required at any moment being selected and coaxed out by the player , who must therefore  feel  the required note before he actually produces it .
each valve or combination of valves , therefore , produces not a single note but a whole series of possible notes , the one [] at any moment being selected and coaxed out by the player , who must therefore  feel  the [] note before he actually produces it .

Formerly , notes written in the bass clef were written a fourth lower than the required pitch instead of a fifth higher .
formerly , notes written in the bass clef were written a fourth lower than the [] pitch instead of a fifth higher .

This practice has died out , and the student should write a fifth higher than the required note whether in treble or bass clef .
this practice has died out , and the student should write a fifth higher than the [] note whether in treble or bass clef .

The power of any of the above may be doubled by using two of each instrument , or if preponderance of one tone-colour were required , a pair of one sort of instrument would be combined with a single instrument of another sort ( e.g .
the power of any of the above may be doubled by using two of each instrument , or if preponderance of one tone-colour were [] , a pair of one sort of instrument would be combined with a single instrument of another sort ( e.g .

In Example 14 , an antiphonal effect is evidently required between bars 1 and 2 and bars 3 and 4 .
in example 14 , an antiphonal effect is evidently [] between bars 1 and 2 and bars 3 and 4 .

The bassoons are required for both groups .
the bassoons are [] for both groups .

In this case the strings would no doubt be used for the accompanying chords , forming , as is their wont when required , a perfect background .
in this case the strings would no doubt be used for the accompanying chords , forming , as is their wont when [] , a perfect background .

Apart from all else the concentration required to hear mentally an orchestral passage while seated in a bus or train or standing in the Underground can not fail to be beneficial .
apart from all else the concentration [] to hear mentally an orchestral passage while seated in a bus or train or standing in the underground can not fail to be beneficial .

The unison of cellos and bassoons is of constant occurrence when a smooth sonorous bass is required .
the unison of cellos and bassoons is of constant occurrence when a smooth sonorous bass is [] .

Where a light but well-defined bass is required , the double basses pizzicati might double the bassoons playing legato .
where a light but well-defined bass is [] , the double basses pizzicati might double the bassoons playing legato .

If the above chord were required f or ff a good arrangement would be to replace the 1st trombone by a trumpet , and to lay out the chord thus :
if the above chord were [] f or ff a good arrangement would be to replace the 1st trombone by a trumpet , and to lay out the chord thus :

These convergences will thus provide the sites for the divergent longshore currents required to initiate the cell circulation pattern .
these convergences will thus provide the sites for the divergent longshore currents [] to initiate the cell circulation pattern .

Guilcher ( 1958 ) quotes salinities of 27 40 parts per thousand as being required for corals , but they have been observed flourishing in the Persian Gulf with salinity as high as 48 per thousand .
guilcher ( 1958 ) quotes salinities of 27 40 parts per thousand as being [] for corals , but they have been observed flourishing in the persian gulf with salinity as high as 48 per thousand .

But the most important fact requiring explanation is the depth at which the bases of the reefs occur : in other words some mechanism is required to provide for the depth at which coral is found , because this is much lower than the depth at which reef-building corals flourish .
but the most important fact requiring explanation is the depth at which the bases of the reefs occur : in other words some mechanism is [] to provide for the depth at which coral is found , because this is much lower than the depth at which reef-building corals flourish .

In the past the doubt felt by some about the existence of great sequences of high-level eroded plateau surfaces has been reinforced by problems of explaining the possible basic causes of the vast changes in base level required .
in the past the doubt felt by some about the existence of great sequences of high-level eroded plateau surfaces has been reinforced by problems of explaining the possible basic causes of the vast changes in base level [] .

Two types of feature were surveyed and they required somewhat different accuracies of determination : nick points and terraces .
two types of feature were surveyed and they [] somewhat different accuracies of determination : nick points and terraces .

However , as terraces are usually degraded and as it is usually extremely difficult to determine their precise limits , a degree of accuracy lower than that required for the long profiles of streams is permissible .
however , as terraces are usually degraded and as it is usually extremely difficult to determine their precise limits , a degree of accuracy lower than that [] for the long profiles of streams is permissible .

The great difficulty is that it is impossible in many cases to determine whether erosion of the type required for the production of the landforms continues , as the period of observation available to any one person is too short .
the great difficulty is that it is impossible in many cases to determine whether erosion of the type [] for the production of the landforms continues , as the period of observation available to any one person is too short .

It seems very doubtful whether the required amount of water ever falls in present conditions and many authorities have attributed such erosion to a wetter period during the Pleistocene .
it seems very doubtful whether the [] amount of water ever falls in present conditions and many authorities have attributed such erosion to a wetter period during the pleistocene .

It may prove difficult to co-ordinate the many specialised tasks and divisions that are required by the division of labour .
it may prove difficult to co-ordinate the many specialised tasks and divisions that are [] by the division of labour .

Such co-ordinating mechanisms are required to counter the tendency of functional departments to pursue their own goals and interests even when in conflict with the interests of the organisation as a whole .
such co-ordinating mechanisms are [] to counter the tendency of functional departments to pursue their own goals and interests even when in conflict with the interests of the organisation as a whole .

Not to do so is to admit that one 's own qualities are not required by the organisation .
not to do so is to admit that one 's own qualities are not [] by the organisation .

The type of knowledge required within organisations may , however , change over time .
the type of knowledge [] within organisations may , however , change over time .

It is likely in any organisation that individuals will have different opinions , there will be personality clashes and there may well be conflicts of interest where an individual is required to pursue a particular course of action that they can not , in all conscience , perform .
it is likely in any organisation that individuals will have different opinions , there will be personality clashes and there may well be conflicts of interest where an individual is [] to pursue a particular course of action that they can not , in all conscience , perform .

If we return to the definition of leadership as the ability to influence others to go in a certain direction then this ability may be required at many different levels within the organisation .
if we return to the definition of leadership as the ability to influence others to go in a certain direction then this ability may be [] at many different levels within the organisation .

Kossen ( 1983 ) has suggested that possession of certain characteristics is required for leadership :
kossen ( 1983 ) has suggested that possession of certain characteristics is [] for leadership :

Where the issue is one that requires a consensus decision it may be that a more participative style is required .
where the issue is one that requires a consensus decision it may be that a more participative style is [] .

Link desired outcomes to required performances ( Expectancy ) .
link desired outcomes to [] performances ( expectancy ) .

Corporate management and planning required that the local authority adapt its internal organisation in order to provide a set of integrated services to the local community .
corporate management and planning [] that the local authority adapt its internal organisation in order to provide a set of integrated services to the local community .

If the rational model is followed , the decision maker is then required to identify possible courses of action to solve the problem .
if the rational model is followed , the decision maker is then [] to identify possible courses of action to solve the problem .

That the required combination of resources is actually available
that the [] combination of resources is actually available

the changing requirements of central government in terms of what was required through legislation and circulars ;
the changing requirements of central government in terms of what was [] through legislation and circulars ;

Statement of objectives : clear statements of what departments were setting out to do were required .
statement of objectives : clear statements of what departments were setting out to do were [] .

consultation where appropriate with the Field Chairs and/or other staff over the timetabling of modules and the provision of specialist rooms and equipment at the times required for particular modules ; and
consultation where appropriate with the field chairs and/or other staff over the timetabling of modules and the provision of specialist rooms and equipment at the times [] for particular modules ; and

to review the regulations as required ;
to review the regulations as [] ;

The personal tutor offers academic advice on the student 's choice of programmes as well as other more general advice as required .
the personal tutor offers academic advice on the student 's choice of programmes as well as other more general advice as [] .

Module leaders are responsible for informing students in writing at the beginning of a module of the assessment structure , the number of pieces of coursework required , their weightings and the deadline for their submission .
module leaders are responsible for informing students in writing at the beginning of a module of the assessment structure , the number of pieces of coursework [] , their weightings and the deadline for their submission .

This helps staff focus on the demands they are placing on students within the specified 100 or 12 ( ) hours of student effort required in each module .
this helps staff focus on the demands they are placing on students within the specified 100 or 12 ( ) hours of student effort [] in each module .

For a module involving several different forms of assessment and/or having more than one member of staff teaching and assessing it , double marking is not normally required .
for a module involving several different forms of assessment and/or having more than one member of staff teaching and assessing it , double marking is not normally [] .

In practice no action is taken for those making satisfactory progress , but recommendations are made , in the form of a series of standard letters , where special action is required in respect of individual students .
in practice no action is taken for those making satisfactory progress , but recommendations are made , in the form of a series of standard letters , where special action is [] in respect of individual students .

What is required ideally is an intelligent decision-making subsystem capable of sampling feedback and effecting or signalling the need for change at every level of the Modular Course which is capable of seriously affecting quality .
what is [] ideally is an intelligent decision-making subsystem capable of sampling feedback and effecting or signalling the need for change at every level of the modular course which is capable of seriously affecting quality .

This is not to say that validity should be taken for granted : McBean and Lennon ( 1985 ) have shown that though for large groups , response rates of 50 per cent are adequate ; with groups of less than 30 , an 80 per cent response rate is required to give course ratings which are within 12 per cent of the mean for the population as a whole .
this is not to say that validity should be taken for granted : mcbean and lennon ( 1985 ) have shown that though for large groups , response rates of 50 per cent are adequate ; with groups of less than 30 , an 80 per cent response rate is [] to give course ratings which are within 12 per cent of the mean for the population as a whole .

This is exceptional : response rates of 10 per cent and under are not unusual if postal responses are required .
this is exceptional : response rates of 10 per cent and under are not unusual if postal responses are [] .

The high return rate here was probably due to brevity of the survey form  only six sample responses were required  and again , to choice of issue .
the high return rate here was probably due to brevity of the survey form  only six sample responses were []  and again , to choice of issue .

No gender differences were in fact detected , but the assessment system was rendered less liable to such biases staff were sensitized to their existence and nature and the course was able to give itself a clean bill of health without any special data collection effort being required .
no gender differences were in fact detected , but the assessment system was rendered less liable to such biases staff were sensitized to their existence and nature and the course was able to give itself a clean bill of health without any special data collection effort being [] .

to be flexible in design and use in order to meet new demands for information from within and without the Polytechnic , to adapt to growth and structural change ( within both courses and the institution ) , and to answer effectively any ad hoc enquiry ( this flexibility is also required by the method of project management described below ) ;
to be flexible in design and use in order to meet new demands for information from within and without the polytechnic , to adapt to growth and structural change ( within both courses and the institution ) , and to answer effectively any ad hoc enquiry ( this flexibility is also [] by the method of project management described below ) ;

to develop from a small beginning in manageable steps rather than to spend a long period identifying  all  institutional needs and all required data items followed by software development of a  complete  system on an unmanageable scale ;
to develop from a small beginning in manageable steps rather than to spend a long period identifying  all  institutional needs and all [] data items followed by software development of a  complete  system on an unmanageable scale ;

Staff can also indicate preferences for any pooled rooms required ( e.g .
staff can also indicate preferences for any pooled rooms [] ( e.g .

The sheer quantity of calculation and printing required for this stretches the modest administrative processor to its limit for two days .
the sheer quantity of calculation and printing [] for this stretches the modest administrative processor to its limit for two days .

The communications infrastructure required by the student management system is also provided by the computer centre : all of the terminals and printers are in the same cross-campus network as the many hundreds of terminals for academic use ( in open access terminal rooms , staff offices , laboratories , etc . )
the communications infrastructure [] by the student management system is also provided by the computer centre : all of the terminals and printers are in the same cross-campus network as the many hundreds of terminals for academic use ( in open access terminal rooms , staff offices , laboratories , etc . )

To bring the new holiday-makers to the sea , however , a transport revolution was required .
to bring the new holiday-makers to the sea , however , a transport revolution was [] .

But this never occurred , as the railways charged high rates for the carriage of dead meat , which required greater handling , than they did for livestock .
but this never occurred , as the railways charged high rates for the carriage of dead meat , which [] greater handling , than they did for livestock .

Coal was labour-intensive and the need to move it around the station and load it into engine tenders required large numbers of labourers .
coal was labour-intensive and the need to move it around the station and load it into engine tenders [] large numbers of labourers .

 The tenders for the year 1889 he wrote ,  specified the total amount required as 6 million gallons .
 the tenders for the year 1889 he wrote ,  specified the total amount [] as 6 million gallons .

Sir Bartle Frere , the Governor of Bombay in the 1860s and a great enthusiast for railways , pointed out to his London masters that for these reasons the Indian station required three or four times more space than its British counterpart .
sir bartle frere , the governor of bombay in the 1860s and a great enthusiast for railways , pointed out to his london masters that for these reasons the indian station [] three or four times more space than its british counterpart .

The failure on the part of the sufferer to appreciate that solutions might exist may be the result of a combination of factors including ignorance , apathy , complexity of the situation , generality of the problem and the extent of financial or physical resources required to rectify matters .
the failure on the part of the sufferer to appreciate that solutions might exist may be the result of a combination of factors including ignorance , apathy , complexity of the situation , generality of the problem and the extent of financial or physical resources [] to rectify matters .

Until 1990 , the waiver agreement required that a law centre should not normally deal in particular matters , save in an emergency or for the provision of initial advice , or for other carefully circumscribed reasons .
until 1990 , the waiver agreement [] that a law centre should not normally deal in particular matters , save in an emergency or for the provision of initial advice , or for other carefully circumscribed reasons .

Thus , the profession was protected against competition from law centres in these matters but was not required to refrain from dealing in those matters which  normally  go to law centres .
thus , the profession was protected against competition from law centres in these matters but was not [] to refrain from dealing in those matters which  normally  go to law centres .

The Royal Commission on Legal Services described them as   indispensable in a number of ways : they provide pre-trial advice to defendants who are often confused or ignorant and who have not previously obtained it , they encourage the adequate preparation of bail applications and help to reduce the number of ill-advised pleas , whether of guilt or innocence , and the number of remands required .
the royal commission on legal services described them as   indispensable in a number of ways : they provide pre-trial advice to defendants who are often confused or ignorant and who have not previously obtained it , they encourage the adequate preparation of bail applications and help to reduce the number of ill-advised pleas , whether of guilt or innocence , and the number of remands [] .

The client , whether supported out of public funds or fee-paying , should always have a free choice among available lawyers and should not be required to retain an assigned lawyer .
the client , whether supported out of public funds or fee-paying , should always have a free choice among available lawyers and should not be [] to retain an assigned lawyer .

the encouragement of CABx as first-tier generalist advice agencies , with the development of rota schemes ; they should not become over-specialised and required adequate government funding ;
the encouragement of cabx as first-tier generalist advice agencies , with the development of rota schemes ; they should not become over-specialised and [] adequate government funding ;

Following this pattern , the Greater Manchester Legal Services Committee was also critical of the particular proposals which affected its area of concern and took the view that the regional committees proposed in the Report would not achieve what was required .
following this pattern , the greater manchester legal services committee was also critical of the particular proposals which affected its area of concern and took the view that the regional committees proposed in the report would not achieve what was [] .

It is to publish information as to the discharge of its functions , supply information to the Lord Chancellor as and when required , make annual reports , and  have regard , in discharging its functions , to such guidance as may from time to time be given by the Lord Chancellor .
it is to publish information as to the discharge of its functions , supply information to the lord chancellor as and when [] , make annual reports , and  have regard , in discharging its functions , to such guidance as may from time to time be given by the lord chancellor .

The total arrived at by this process is the total of  taxed costs  and is that amount which the loser is required to pay .
the total arrived at by this process is the total of  taxed costs  and is that amount which the loser is [] to pay .

In a High Court action , the taxing officer , in exercising his or her discretion must have regard , amongst other factors , to the complexity , difficulty and novelty of the case , the skill , specialised knowledge and responsibility required of , and the time and labour expended by , solicitor and counsel , the number and importance of documents , the importance of the matter to the client , and the amount of money or value of property involved .
in a high court action , the taxing officer , in exercising his or her discretion must have regard , amongst other factors , to the complexity , difficulty and novelty of the case , the skill , specialised knowledge and responsibility [] of , and the time and labour expended by , solicitor and counsel , the number and importance of documents , the importance of the matter to the client , and the amount of money or value of property involved .

It alleviates the burden of costs by providing financial assistance to litigants who can satisfy a means test , and a merits test and provide the contribution towards their own costs which may be required under the rules of eligibility .
it alleviates the burden of costs by providing financial assistance to litigants who can satisfy a means test , and a merits test and provide the contribution towards their own costs which may be [] under the rules of eligibility .

The Review recommended that there be a fixed period within which the parties would be required to set down the case for trial or to report to the court .
the review recommended that there be a fixed period within which the parties would be [] to set down the case for trial or to report to the court .

The cost of such representation is met by the Legal Aid fund , which is administered by the Legal Aid Board , although a contribution may be required from the assisted party in accordance with the rules discussed below .
the cost of such representation is met by the legal aid fund , which is administered by the legal aid board , although a contribution may be [] from the assisted party in accordance with the rules discussed below .

However , the charges on both money and other property may be postponed or other property substituted , especially where the money or property is required to provide somewhere for the assisted person to live .
however , the charges on both money and other property may be postponed or other property substituted , especially where the money or property is [] to provide somewhere for the assisted person to live .

The legal aid scheme is kept under constant review by the Legal Aid Board , which is required to report annually to the Lord Chancellor on the discharge of its functions .
the legal aid scheme is kept under constant review by the legal aid board , which is [] to report annually to the lord chancellor on the discharge of its functions .

The function of the pre-trial review is made clear by the instructions to the district judge whereby he or she is required to   give all such directions as appear to be necessary or desirable for securing the just expeditious and economical disposal of the action or matter .
the function of the pre-trial review is made clear by the instructions to the district judge whereby he or she is [] to   give all such directions as appear to be necessary or desirable for securing the just expeditious and economical disposal of the action or matter .

It recommended that the preliminary hearing be abolished , that the district judge be required to conduct the hearing on an interventionist basis , that he or she be required to give reasons for a decision and explain the rules of law and that specific guidance should be provided on the expenses recoverable for small claims .
it recommended that the preliminary hearing be abolished , that the district judge be [] to conduct the hearing on an interventionist basis , that he or she be [] to give reasons for a decision and explain the rules of law and that specific guidance should be provided on the expenses recoverable for small claims .

The arbitrator must conduct the hearing according to the circumstances of each case and will in the future be required to adopt an interventionist role .
the arbitrator must conduct the hearing according to the circumstances of each case and will in the future be [] to adopt an interventionist role .

Once an action becomes defended there is to be a fixed period within which the parties will be required either to set the case down for trial , on the assumption that it has not been settled or been otherwise disposed of , or to report to the court .
once an action becomes defended there is to be a fixed period within which the parties will be [] either to set the case down for trial , on the assumption that it has not been settled or been otherwise disposed of , or to report to the court .

Plaintiffs will also be required to give the court notice of disposal by settlement or otherwise before that date , subject to a fixed penalty for failing to give such notice , which will be payable by the plaintiff 's solicitor .
plaintiffs will also be [] to give the court notice of disposal by settlement or otherwise before that date , subject to a fixed penalty for failing to give such notice , which will be payable by the plaintiff 's solicitor .

If out of stock titles are required , booksellers should contact Chris Shelley at ( ) .
if out of stock titles are [] , booksellers should contact chris shelley at ( ) .

List the different ways in which a planet can acquire and lose its volatiles , and in each case indicate the degree of outgassing required to concentrate the volatiles at or near the surface .
list the different ways in which a planet can acquire and lose its volatiles , and in each case indicate the degree of outgassing [] to concentrate the volatiles at or near the surface .

In some cases these seem to have been produced by surface impacts , but in other cases exposure to a rather strong magnetic field in the past seems to be required .
in some cases these seem to have been produced by surface impacts , but in other cases exposure to a rather strong magnetic field in the past seems to be [] .

Then , the fuel required to adjust and orientate the spacecraft was used up , and it now tumbles uselessly around its orbit .
then , the fuel [] to adjust and orientate the spacecraft was used up , and it now tumbles uselessly around its orbit .

In either case powerful heating is required .
in either case powerful heating is [] .

At greater distances , because of the decline in strength of the dipole field , co-rotation is partially lost and the sheet rotates at a rate between that of co-rotation and the far lower rates required by gravity at these distances from Jupiter .
at greater distances , because of the decline in strength of the dipole field , co-rotation is partially lost and the sheet rotates at a rate between that of co-rotation and the far lower rates [] by gravity at these distances from jupiter .

The most certain features of Figure 9.10 are that Jupiter consists largely of hydrogen , that much of the interior is liquid/gas , that there is no atmosphere/surface interface , that there is some concentration towards the centre of icy and rocky substances ( this is required by the density versus depth ) , that the hydrogen exists in metallic form beyond a fairly modest depth , and that the interior is hot .
the most certain features of figure 9.10 are that jupiter consists largely of hydrogen , that much of the interior is liquid/gas , that there is no atmosphere/surface interface , that there is some concentration towards the centre of icy and rocky substances ( this is [] by the density versus depth ) , that the hydrogen exists in metallic form beyond a fairly modest depth , and that the interior is hot .

assessment of the applicant 's circumstances , in the round , and his or her personal needs for support and rehabilitation , including any community service needs , together with any help or support required by carers ( DoH , 1991a , p.5 ) .
assessment of the applicant 's circumstances , in the round , and his or her personal needs for support and rehabilitation , including any community service needs , together with any help or support [] by carers ( doh , 1991a , p.5 ) .

Indeed , a comprehensive knowledge base is required not only to evaluate information , but also to determine what information might be important and therefore what areas of enquiry need to be explored .
indeed , a comprehensive knowledge base is [] not only to evaluate information , but also to determine what information might be important and therefore what areas of enquiry need to be explored .

The model proposed embraces a concept of the aims and process of assessment which acknowledges its inherent complexity and the high level of skill required of practitioners .
the model proposed embraces a concept of the aims and process of assessment which acknowledges its inherent complexity and the high level of skill [] of practitioners .

As indicated by the work commissioned by the Department of Health , few practitioners currently make that distinction , nor are they encouraged to do so by the assessment procedures they are required to operate ( DoH , 1991d , p. 47 ) .
as indicated by the work commissioned by the department of health , few practitioners currently make that distinction , nor are they encouraged to do so by the assessment procedures they are [] to operate ( doh , 1991d , p. 47 ) .

Practitioners should not underestimate the shift in practice required to implement a needs-led approach to assessment of older people .
practitioners should not underestimate the shift in practice [] to implement a needs-led approach to assessment of older people .

The Mental Health Act Commission found in 1987 that the requirements of section 117 of the Mental Health Act 1983 , which made after-care for those compulsorily detained the joint responsibility of health and social services , were not consistently fulfilled ( Secretary of State for Social Services , 1987 ) , while section 7 of the Disabled Persons Act 1986 , which required after-care to be provided for all those who had been in hospital for more than six months , was never implemented .
the mental health act commission found in 1987 that the requirements of section 117 of the mental health act 1983 , which made after-care for those compulsorily detained the joint responsibility of health and social services , were not consistently fulfilled ( secretary of state for social services , 1987 ) , while section 7 of the disabled persons act 1986 , which [] after-care to be provided for all those who had been in hospital for more than six months , was never implemented .

In another , a regional co-ordinator was in post , while a district mental health manager took responsibility for the training required .
in another , a regional co-ordinator was in post , while a district mental health manager took responsibility for the training [] .

Enabling service users and supporters  Staff noted that users tended to trust services more because of their relationship with their key worker and that service users generally had a greater say in what they required .
enabling service users and supporters  staff noted that users tended to trust services more because of their relationship with their key worker and that service users generally had a greater say in what they [] .

 Regulations , directives and decisions of the Council and of the Commission shall state the reasons on which they are based and shall refer to any proposals or opinions which were required to be obtained pursuant to this Treaty . 
 regulations , directives and decisions of the council and of the commission shall state the reasons on which they are based and shall refer to any proposals or opinions which were [] to be obtained pursuant to this treaty . 

According to the settled case law of the Court of Justice , the statement of reasons required by Article 190 must be appropriate to the nature of the measure in question .
according to the settled case law of the court of justice , the statement of reasons [] by article 190 must be appropriate to the nature of the measure in question .

However , the statement of reasons is not required to specify the often very numerous and complex matters of fact or law dealt with in legislative measures , provided that those measures fall within the general scheme of the body of measures of which they form part .
however , the statement of reasons is not [] to specify the often very numerous and complex matters of fact or law dealt with in legislative measures , provided that those measures fall within the general scheme of the body of measures of which they form part .

Consequently the degree of detail required in different measures may vary substantially .
consequently the degree of detail [] in different measures may vary substantially .

In such cases the Court of Justice has held that the requirements of Article 190 are satisfied if the statement of reasons given explains in essence the measures taken by the institutions and that a specific statement of reasons in support of all the details which might be contained in such a measure can not be required , provided such details fall within the general scheme of the measures as a whole .
in such cases the court of justice has held that the requirements of article 190 are satisfied if the statement of reasons given explains in essence the measures taken by the institutions and that a specific statement of reasons in support of all the details which might be contained in such a measure can not be [] , provided such details fall within the general scheme of the measures as a whole .

The extent of the duty to state reasons thus varies according to the nature and context of the measure in question , and it may be said that it is not required to go into matters of detail to a disproportionate extent .
the extent of the duty to state reasons thus varies according to the nature and context of the measure in question , and it may be said that it is not [] to go into matters of detail to a disproportionate extent .

 In applying the national law and in particular the provisions of a national law specifically introduced in order to implement Directive 76/207 , national courts are required to interpret their national law in the light of the wording and the purpose of the directive in order to achieve the result referred to in the third paragraph of Article 189 .
 in applying the national law and in particular the provisions of a national law specifically introduced in order to implement directive 76/207 , national courts are [] to interpret their national law in the light of the wording and the purpose of the directive in order to achieve the result referred to in the third paragraph of article 189 .

 In applying national law , whether the provisions in question were adopted before or after the directive , the national court called upon to interpret it is required to do so , as far as possible , in the light of the wording and the purpose of the directive in order to achieve the result pursued by the latter and thereby comply with the third paragraph of Article 189 of the Treaty . 
 in applying national law , whether the provisions in question were adopted before or after the directive , the national court called upon to interpret it is [] to do so , as far as possible , in the light of the wording and the purpose of the directive in order to achieve the result pursued by the latter and thereby comply with the third paragraph of article 189 of the treaty . 

Thus , surprising though it may seem in some respects , national courts are required to interpret in the light of Community directives even national legislation enacted before the directive was adopted .
thus , surprising though it may seem in some respects , national courts are [] to interpret in the light of community directives even national legislation enacted before the directive was adopted .

It was therefore held by the Court that the fact that all the Member States had signed the Customs Cooperation Council Valuation Convention would not lead to the necessary extent to the uniform determination of the value for customs purposes of imported goods required for the functioning of customs union .
it was therefore held by the court that the fact that all the member states had signed the customs cooperation council valuation convention would not lead to the necessary extent to the uniform determination of the value for customs purposes of imported goods [] for the functioning of customs union .

If an admissible statement is identified , the legal adviser may then be required to conduct a more rigorous examination of the subsequent parliamentary proceedings to establish whether the statement has been repeated , varied or withdrawn and a  somewhat less onerous task whether there has been a relevant subsequent amendment to the provision .
if an admissible statement is identified , the legal adviser may then be [] to conduct a more rigorous examination of the subsequent parliamentary proceedings to establish whether the statement has been repeated , varied or withdrawn and a  somewhat less onerous task whether there has been a relevant subsequent amendment to the provision .

prior to ratification there would always be enabling legislation , incorporating by statute those prospective treaty obligations which could not be given effect under prerogative powers , and required changes to domestic common law or statute .
prior to ratification there would always be enabling legislation , incorporating by statute those prospective treaty obligations which could not be given effect under prerogative powers , and [] changes to domestic common law or statute .

Syrian George would man the listening post every day , play back the tapes and provide translations as required .
syrian george would man the listening post every day , play back the tapes and provide translations as [] .

Some sort of dress rehearsal was clearly required for the Cypriot police officers who were only just coming to grips with wiretap technology , and , right on cue , one of Hurley 's informants passed the word that Abou Daod , a Lebanese drugs trafficker , was coming to Cyprus to set up a deal .
some sort of dress rehearsal was clearly [] for the cypriot police officers who were only just coming to grips with wiretap technology , and , right on cue , one of hurley 's informants passed the word that abou daod , a lebanese drugs trafficker , was coming to cyprus to set up a deal .

These were of particular interest because they confirmed suspicions that Syrian traffickers were developing close commercial ties with the Colombian cartels , trading heroin base for cocaine base and bartering either or both as required for arms supplies to terrorist and revolutionary groups around the world .
these were of particular interest because they confirmed suspicions that syrian traffickers were developing close commercial ties with the colombian cartels , trading heroin base for cocaine base and bartering either or both as [] for arms supplies to terrorist and revolutionary groups around the world .

Study skills and information technology are both designated as required cross-curricular skills , and also appear in the subject documents .
study skills and information technology are both designated as [] cross-curricular skills , and also appear in the subject documents .

Indeed it had never occurred to him to sell bits of Hatherley to keep the paper going any more than he had considered using the profits of the paper , in the years when there were some , to pay for the substantial renovation the house had required .
indeed it had never occurred to him to sell bits of hatherley to keep the paper going any more than he had considered using the profits of the paper , in the years when there were some , to pay for the substantial renovation the house had [] .

He was also afraid that when he turned up for the next practice , Amber and Jeopardy 's argument would be resolved , and he would no longer be required .
he was also afraid that when he turned up for the next practice , amber and jeopardy 's argument would be resolved , and he would no longer be [] .

She asked whether Lucien required a further session .
she asked whether lucien [] a further session .

It is unlikely that these techniques would have required a check in the action .
it is unlikely that these techniques would have [] a check in the action .

On the other hand , those who wanted to play with more power would have required a piano with a check .
on the other hand , those who wanted to play with more power would have [] a piano with a check .

There would have been other players between the two extremes of those who required a check and those who did not .
there would have been other players between the two extremes of those who [] a check and those who did not .

Vaginal penetration by the penis which , for the victim , may be less offensive than certain other forms of attack , alone constitutes sexual intercourse which is required to be proved for the crime of rape .
vaginal penetration by the penis which , for the victim , may be less offensive than certain other forms of attack , alone constitutes sexual intercourse which is [] to be proved for the crime of rape .

First , they fall short of the standard of clarity required of criminal legislation .
first , they fall short of the standard of clarity [] of criminal legislation .

But originally , the law of rape required that sexual intercourse occur against the will of the victim .
but originally , the law of rape [] that sexual intercourse occur against the will of the victim .

Although Stephen 's definition of rape required fear of immediate bodily harm and this would appear to be the position in Scotland , there is no modern English authority to this effect .
although stephen 's definition of rape [] fear of immediate bodily harm and this would appear to be the position in scotland , there is no modern english authority to this effect .

The degree of knowledge required , however , is a matter of some dispute .
the degree of knowledge [] , however , is a matter of some dispute .

This offence also carries a maximum of life imprisonment and since lack of consent need not be proved , the girl will not be required to go through the ordeal of giving evidence on the matter .
this offence also carries a maximum of life imprisonment and since lack of consent need not be proved , the girl will not be [] to go through the ordeal of giving evidence on the matter .

It is no coincidence that Rousseau also believed that women were incapable of the development and education required for citizenship and  must be trained to bear the yoke from the first  and to submit themselves to the will of others .
it is no coincidence that rousseau also believed that women were incapable of the development and education [] for citizenship and  must be trained to bear the yoke from the first  and to submit themselves to the will of others .

Lord Hailsham held that the mental element required for rape was intent and that there was ample authority in support of this proposition .
lord hailsham held that the mental element [] for rape was intent and that there was ample authority in support of this proposition .

The acceptance of such reasoning required Lord Hailsham to address anew the question of the mental element required for lack of consent in rape , since the nineteenth century judges upon whom he relied had never had the matter presented to them in these terms .
the acceptance of such reasoning [] lord hailsham to address anew the question of the mental element [] for lack of consent in rape , since the nineteenth century judges upon whom he relied had never had the matter presented to them in these terms .

It is suggested that where a woman registers unwillingness , a man does have the capacity and should be required to ascertain whether or not her consent is present .
it is suggested that where a woman registers unwillingness , a man does have the capacity and should be [] to ascertain whether or not her consent is present .

The Committee stands by the decision in Morgan and rejects the idea that belief in consent should be required to be reasonable . It does not criticise Caldwell but argues instead along the lines suggested in Satnam that :
the committee stands by the decision in morgan and rejects the idea that belief in consent should be [] to be reasonable . it does not criticise caldwell but argues instead along the lines suggested in satnam that :

Where the victim is subjected to serious violence , an intention to have sexual intercourse is all that is required .
where the victim is subjected to serious violence , an intention to have sexual intercourse is all that is [] .

required medical treatment or hospitalisation .
[] medical treatment or hospitalisation .

In its evidence in chief , the prosecution need do no more than adduce evidence of one of the circumstances required by the offence of criminal sexual conduct .
in its evidence in chief , the prosecution need do no more than adduce evidence of one of the circumstances [] by the offence of criminal sexual conduct .

This view has not , however , been taken by the courts , which have generally insisted upon some evidence of consent before a jury direction on consent is required .
this view has not , however , been taken by the courts , which have generally insisted upon some evidence of consent before a jury direction on consent is [] .

Her responses were slow as though it required an effort to reply .
her responses were slow as though it [] an effort to reply .

 He seemed to think more was required .
 he seemed to think more was [] .

The work consisted of laying out costumes in the appropriate dressing rooms in advance of the required changes , rescuing those from the previous number and returning them to Wardrobe , checking for damage , separating out for laundry .
the work consisted of laying out costumes in the appropriate dressing rooms in advance of the [] changes , rescuing those from the previous number and returning them to wardrobe , checking for damage , separating out for laundry .

Ask the wrong questions or apply the wrong kind of pressure , and she 'd close up like a clam ; Lucy only wished that she could have more of the patience required to play a waiting game .
ask the wrong questions or apply the wrong kind of pressure , and she 'd close up like a clam ; lucy only wished that she could have more of the patience [] to play a waiting game .

 The job required us to cast the parts to near finished size , precision-machine them and then clear up the waste ,  said section manager Dr Brian Hudson .
 the job [] us to cast the parts to near finished size , precision-machine them and then clear up the waste ,  said section manager dr brian hudson .

For those involved in the built environment what may be required in a shift towards a design approach that combines the skills of the architect with those of the surveyor and the building services engineer .
for those involved in the built environment what may be [] in a shift towards a design approach that combines the skills of the architect with those of the surveyor and the building services engineer .

If you have employees you are required by law to insure against your legal liability for injuries to employees happening at work .
if you have employees you are [] by law to insure against your legal liability for injuries to employees happening at work .

Attainment of the competence award is not limited by any specific time period or course length , so candidates will be able to come forward for assessment whenever they have accumulated the required evidence of competence against national standards .
attainment of the competence award is not limited by any specific time period or course length , so candidates will be able to come forward for assessment whenever they have accumulated the [] evidence of competence against national standards .

Employers need to be committed to providing candidates with access to and use of workplace evidence ; opportunities for additional experience ; testimonies of their performance ; counselling and support ; and , ideally , a development programme for achieving the required competencies .
employers need to be committed to providing candidates with access to and use of workplace evidence ; opportunities for additional experience ; testimonies of their performance ; counselling and support ; and , ideally , a development programme for achieving the [] competencies .

Many prospective employers view French , German , Spanish or Russian as the most practical vocational skills although these are often only required for communication and conversational situations as opposed to fluency .
many prospective employers view french , german , spanish or russian as the most practical vocational skills although these are often only [] for communication and conversational situations as opposed to fluency .

The increased processing capacity is required to support the underlying growth trend of 17 per cent per annum in computer usage and to cater for the introduction of new applications .
the increased processing capacity is [] to support the underlying growth trend of 17 per cent per annum in computer usage and to cater for the introduction of new applications .

The new sovereigns were not really wealthy enough at that stage to do full justice to the grandeur required for such a majestic British event .
the new sovereigns were not really wealthy enough at that stage to do full justice to the grandeur [] for such a majestic british event .

At the German border we were helped by a German trucker who got us the required stamps .
at the german border we were helped by a german trucker who got us the [] stamps .

Cyclists , like other road users , must obey the traffic signs erected generally as required along roads . Some signs have been erected in Edinburgh specifically to help cyclists , as follows :
cyclists , like other road users , must obey the traffic signs erected generally as [] along roads . some signs have been erected in edinburgh specifically to help cyclists , as follows :

Cyclists , like other road users , must obey the traffic signs erected generally as required along roads . Some signs have been erected in Edinburgh specifically to help cyclists , as follows :
cyclists , like other road users , must obey the traffic signs erected generally as [] along roads . some signs have been erected in edinburgh specifically to help cyclists , as follows :

Water charges will be required to increase to meet these investment needs whatever option is chosen .
water charges will be [] to increase to meet these investment needs whatever option is chosen .

These were constructed to augment the power required by the extension of new industries further downstream .
these were constructed to augment the power [] by the extension of new industries further downstream .

Lack of labour hastened the coming of the steel plough ( c.1775 ) , but this in turn reduced the number of men required on the farms .
lack of labour hastened the coming of the steel plough ( c.1775 ) , but this in turn reduced the number of men [] on the farms .

At the turn of the century there was increased agricultural production in the area , but with improved methods , less labour was required .
at the turn of the century there was increased agricultural production in the area , but with improved methods , less labour was [] .

It is likely that you will already have written in with your Appeal and received an acknowledgement together with this leaflet . There is no required form a reference should take , but your letter should have included :
it is likely that you will already have written in with your appeal and received an acknowledgement together with this leaflet . there is no [] form a reference should take , but your letter should have included :

For example , it may be that some legal point has arisen and the Council has a duty to provide legal advice if required .
for example , it may be that some legal point has arisen and the council has a duty to provide legal advice if [] .

Cyclists , like other road users , must obey the traffic signs erected generally as required along roads . Some signs have been erected in Edinburgh specifically to help cyclists , as follows :
cyclists , like other road users , must obey the traffic signs erected generally as [] along roads . some signs have been erected in edinburgh specifically to help cyclists , as follows :

Changes in lifestyle and increasing numbers of households also mean that more homes will be required .
changes in lifestyle and increasing numbers of households also mean that more homes will be [] .

Some of the land that will be needed for new houses and businesses is already available , but a lot of new land is also required .
some of the land that will be needed for new houses and businesses is already available , but a lot of new land is also [] .

Investment is required to tackle existing problems , but in doing so scope for new development will be created .
investment is [] to tackle existing problems , but in doing so scope for new development will be created .

If the Region 's urban areas are not to be overdeveloped , greenfield land will be required for housing and businesses over the next fifteen years .
if the region 's urban areas are not to be overdeveloped , greenfield land will be [] for housing and businesses over the next fifteen years .

If a special diet is required or any allergies to food are known , it is important to tell the Home Care Organiser at the Social Work Office .
if a special diet is [] or any allergies to food are known , it is important to tell the home care organiser at the social work office .

The alignment of the bypass through the Baberton/Westburn areas required the permanent closure of Baberton Mains Terrace  thus the housing area at Baberton would have only one entry point .
the alignment of the bypass through the baberton/westburn areas [] the permanent closure of baberton mains terrace  thus the housing area at baberton would have only one entry point .

As well as construction of the eighteen individual structures , temporary diversions of almost 800 metres of the Edinburgh/Carstairs railway line and 150 metres of the Union Canal were required .
as well as construction of the eighteen individual structures , temporary diversions of almost 800 metres of the edinburgh/carstairs railway line and 150 metres of the union canal were [] .

In addition an on-site back-up pumping arrangement with a similar throughput was required to be on permanent standby in order that continuity of water level was maintained on either side of the diversion .
in addition an on-site back-up pumping arrangement with a similar throughput was [] to be on permanent standby in order that continuity of water level was maintained on either side of the diversion .

These possessions were only available from midnight on Saturdays to 7.30 am on Sundays and thus much concentrated effort was required from the contractor during these periods .
these possessions were only available from midnight on saturdays to 7.30 am on sundays and thus much concentrated effort was [] from the contractor during these periods .

The existing footpath on the south side of the Edinburgh/Carstairs Railway will be accommodated adjacent to the new structure required to carry the Bypass over or under the railway .
the existing footpath on the south side of the edinburgh/carstairs railway will be accommodated adjacent to the new structure [] to carry the bypass over or under the railway .

Projected traffic flow indicated that a partial grade separated junction would be required at this location providing access to and from the west .
projected traffic flow indicated that a partial grade separated junction would be [] at this location providing access to and from the west .

As with Lasswade Road , projected traffic flows indicated that only a partial grade separated junction was required at Gilmerton Road for traffic to and from the west .
as with lasswade road , projected traffic flows indicated that only a partial grade separated junction was [] at gilmerton road for traffic to and from the west .

The pragmatic reason is the constraint on our ability to make a precise forecast of what will be required .
the pragmatic reason is the constraint on our ability to make a precise forecast of what will be [] .

Learning about Key Systems and Skills ( eg Assessment and Care Management ) required to implement them .
learning about key systems and skills ( eg assessment and care management ) [] to implement them .

In the large conurbations , the creation of unitary authorities has required new quangos and joint boards to handle such issues .
in the large conurbations , the creation of unitary authorities has [] new quangos and joint boards to handle such issues .

There was a definite thumbs down to any reorganisation with only nine per cent feeling that a change was required .
there was a definite thumbs down to any reorganisation with only nine per cent feeling that a change was [] .

Urgent action is required .
urgent action is [] .

On site , blast cleaning of the existing steelwork and stonework , installation of the cast iron panels and painting of the steelwork , required detailed traffic and pedestrian management over the major traffic route .
on site , blast cleaning of the existing steelwork and stonework , installation of the cast iron panels and painting of the steelwork , [] detailed traffic and pedestrian management over the major traffic route .

Despite that , the cost of the meter destruction between January and March this year amounted to 10,000 and the Parking Control Assistant , Tom McHugh , felt that special measures were required .
despite that , the cost of the meter destruction between january and march this year amounted to 10,000 and the parking control assistant , tom mchugh , felt that special measures were [] .

The radio message , from the patrol car which had gone to Thistle Street in response to the earlier call , had been to the effect of  nothing found  no assistance required  But , due to the interference to radio messages caused by the tall buildings around Thistle Street , the message had been heard as  Officer down  assistance required  hence the massive response .
the radio message , from the patrol car which had gone to thistle street in response to the earlier call , had been to the effect of  nothing found  no assistance []  but , due to the interference to radio messages caused by the tall buildings around thistle street , the message had been heard as  officer down  assistance []  hence the massive response .

No member of staff is required to place themselves at risk in handling money or valuables in the course of duty or more particularly when confronting a potentially aggressive or violent situation .
no member of staff is [] to place themselves at risk in handling money or valuables in the course of duty or more particularly when confronting a potentially aggressive or violent situation .

Patience and judgement will be required to know how to pace the learning and personal adjustment needs .
patience and judgement will be [] to know how to pace the learning and personal adjustment needs .

Whether there should be a temporary restriction in the range of duties required of the employee ; and
whether there should be a temporary restriction in the range of duties [] of the employee ; and

Police forces regularly request that they should be regarded as a resource with advice to offer and practical assistance to make available when required in situations covered in this document .
police forces regularly request that they should be regarded as a resource with advice to offer and practical assistance to make available when [] in situations covered in this document .

Different rates may also be charged in relation to the amount of personal or nursing care required .
different rates may also be charged in relation to the amount of personal or nursing care [] .

Development Control : development control procedures have been reinforced to ensure that developer contributions to the provision of road safety improvements required as a result of development are actively pursued .
development control : development control procedures have been reinforced to ensure that developer contributions to the provision of road safety improvements [] as a result of development are actively pursued .

If the house is rented or occupied by relatives other than your spouse or carer the rent they pay you could contribute towards any share of the costs you are required to pay .
if the house is rented or occupied by relatives other than your spouse or carer the rent they pay you could contribute towards any share of the costs you are [] to pay .

The Department is required by law to calculate your charge taking the value of your house into account .
the department is [] by law to calculate your charge taking the value of your house into account .

Once you have agreed , this will be written into a contract which you will be required to sign .
once you have agreed , this will be written into a contract which you will be [] to sign .

If your capital or income goes up you may be required to contribute a greater share of the costs of your care .
if your capital or income goes up you may be [] to contribute a greater share of the costs of your care .

If your capital or income reduces you will be required to pay less .
if your capital or income reduces you will be [] to pay less .

Staff are also required to invigilate in the South Reading Room , and occasionally to assist with the preparation of the Library 's exhibitions .
staff are also [] to invigilate in the south reading room , and occasionally to assist with the preparation of the library 's exhibitions .

No planning permission was required since selling will be conducted for less than 28 days and notices erected were less than 1 metre high .
no planning permission was [] since selling will be conducted for less than 28 days and notices erected were less than 1 metre high .

New pockets are required for the snooker tables and to accommodate the smaller 10p coin adjustments will be necessary to the pool table .
new pockets are [] for the snooker tables and to accommodate the smaller 10p coin adjustments will be necessary to the pool table .

Planning consent for the onshore facilities at the Point of Ayr in North Wales , that will be required to support the development , has been received recently , and in March 1993 , the Government granted approval for the construction of a power station at Connah 's Quay , North Wales that will use gas from the Hamilton and Hamilton North fields for electricity generation .
planning consent for the onshore facilities at the point of ayr in north wales , that will be [] to support the development , has been received recently , and in march 1993 , the government granted approval for the construction of a power station at connah 's quay , north wales that will use gas from the hamilton and hamilton north fields for electricity generation .

The directors are required by law to prepare accounts which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group as at the end of its financial year , and of the profit or loss for the financial year .
the directors are [] by law to prepare accounts which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the group as at the end of its financial year , and of the profit or loss for the financial year .

The directors are also required to maintain adequate accounting records .
the directors are also [] to maintain adequate accounting records .

As you know , all District and Borough Councils in Wales are now required to prepare statutory District-Wide Local Plans .
as you know , all district and borough councils in wales are now [] to prepare statutory district-wide local plans .

Specifically , we believe that changes to the Framework and Implementing Regulations are required in the following areas :
specifically , we believe that changes to the framework and implementing regulations are [] in the following areas :

This meant advice was required from Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Pollution , the National Rivers Authority and the Countryside Council for Wales , all of whom were seriously concerned about the environmental impact of dramatically increased emissions from the power station .
this meant advice was [] from her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution , the national rivers authority and the countryside council for wales , all of whom were seriously concerned about the environmental impact of dramatically increased emissions from the power station .

To decide what further work is required .
to decide what further work is [] .

briefing organisations and individuals , as required by the Director , on matters of concern to the Campaign ;
briefing organisations and individuals , as [] by the director , on matters of concern to the campaign ;

What we believe is required is a better understanding of both the quantitative and qualitative impacts arising during the full life-cycle of use of minerals products .
what we believe is [] is a better understanding of both the quantitative and qualitative impacts arising during the full life-cycle of use of minerals products .

We believe a much better understanding of the environmental implications of using secondary aggregates is urgently required .
we believe a much better understanding of the environmental implications of using secondary aggregates is urgently [] .

We would be strongly opposed to the shipment of vast tonnages of aggregates into the South Wales region via Milford Haven for a number of reasons , not least the environmental damage , pollution and energy loss that would occur in transporting the material across the region to where it was required .
we would be strongly opposed to the shipment of vast tonnages of aggregates into the south wales region via milford haven for a number of reasons , not least the environmental damage , pollution and energy loss that would occur in transporting the material across the region to where it was [] .

In the South Wales region it is expected that the annual quantity required from this source will rise from about 2.8 mt to 3.6 mt over the 20 year period , despite the fact that as a proportion of overall consumption it will fall from 15 % to 10 % .
in the south wales region it is expected that the annual quantity [] from this source will rise from about 2.8 mt to 3.6 mt over the 20 year period , despite the fact that as a proportion of overall consumption it will fall from 15 % to 10 % .

Not only will the proposed reorganisation plunge local government into confusion and uncertainty for a number of years , during which we can expect little progress with the review and upgrading of old minerals permissions , but the resulting structure of small unitary authorities is very unlikely to deliver either the resources or the strategic perspective required to implement the proposed review .
not only will the proposed reorganisation plunge local government into confusion and uncertainty for a number of years , during which we can expect little progress with the review and upgrading of old minerals permissions , but the resulting structure of small unitary authorities is very unlikely to deliver either the resources or the strategic perspective [] to implement the proposed review .

What we believe is required is a better understanding of both the quantitative and qualitative impacts arising during the full life-cycle of use of minerals products .
what we believe is [] is a better understanding of both the quantitative and qualitative impacts arising during the full life-cycle of use of minerals products .

We believe a much better understanding of the environmental implications of using secondary aggregates is urgently required .
we believe a much better understanding of the environmental implications of using secondary aggregates is urgently [] .

We would be strongly opposed to the shipment of vast tonnages of aggregates into the South Wales region via Milford Haven for a number of reasons , not least the environmental damage , pollution and energy loss that would occur in transporting the material across the region to where it was required .
we would be strongly opposed to the shipment of vast tonnages of aggregates into the south wales region via milford haven for a number of reasons , not least the environmental damage , pollution and energy loss that would occur in transporting the material across the region to where it was [] .

In the South Wales region it is expected that the annual quantity required from this source will rise from about 2.8 mt to 3.6 mt over the 20 year period , despite the fact that as a proportion of overall consumption it will fall from 15 % to 10 % .
in the south wales region it is expected that the annual quantity [] from this source will rise from about 2.8 mt to 3.6 mt over the 20 year period , despite the fact that as a proportion of overall consumption it will fall from 15 % to 10 % .

We believe a parallel unit is desperately required in the Welsh Office to help ensure the wise use of our valuable coastal resources .
we believe a parallel unit is desperately [] in the welsh office to help ensure the wise use of our valuable coastal resources .

Local authority planning policies might require an applicant to demonstrate first that a proposed development required a coastal location and , if this was the case , to show that recyclable coastal sites had been considered before undeveloped or partly developed coastal sites were targeted .
local authority planning policies might require an applicant to demonstrate first that a proposed development [] a coastal location and , if this was the case , to show that recyclable coastal sites had been considered before undeveloped or partly developed coastal sites were targeted .

Whilst we agree that demand for boat moorings is likely to grow , we believe the solution does not have to take the form of the  designer  marinas of the 1980s , where extensive residential and leisure development were required to finance the capital investment in pontoons and related marina works .
whilst we agree that demand for boat moorings is likely to grow , we believe the solution does not have to take the form of the  designer  marinas of the 1980s , where extensive residential and leisure development were [] to finance the capital investment in pontoons and related marina works .

It is now agreed that global action is urgently required to first to control and then to reduce these and other emissions .
it is now agreed that global action is urgently [] to first to control and then to reduce these and other emissions .

We believe that this what is required if we are to achieve environmentally sustainable development .
we believe that this what is [] if we are to achieve environmentally sustainable development .

The poor state of the wall required it to be rebuilt and the people of Pennal took advantage of this to tidy up the churchyard and to turn it into a  heritage garden  .
the poor state of the wall [] it to be rebuilt and the people of pennal took advantage of this to tidy up the churchyard and to turn it into a  heritage garden  .

To this end it could help if all committee posts had a proper job description detailing duties , skills required and likely hours .
to this end it could help if all committee posts had a proper job description detailing duties , skills [] and likely hours .

These three Plans will form the basis of a statutory District Wide Local Plan , required under the terms of the Planning and Compensation Act 1991 .
these three plans will form the basis of a statutory district wide local plan , [] under the terms of the planning and compensation act 1991 .

 Bringing all this together has required a great deal of planning , co-operation between numerous organisations and many long hours of work ,  he added .
 bringing all this together has [] a great deal of planning , co-operation between numerous organisations and many long hours of work ,  he added .

This was a mammoth task since the last deal in Pakistan  by another company  was based on a formula which resulted in a price that was half of what was required to make the project economically attractive .
this was a mammoth task since the last deal in pakistan  by another company  was based on a formula which resulted in a price that was half of what was [] to make the project economically attractive .

To achieve this major policy change required intensive lobbying with the government in Islamabad , the country 's capital .
to achieve this major policy change [] intensive lobbying with the government in islamabad , the country 's capital .

Interest is payable net of the basic rate Income Tax ( this may be reclaimed by non-taxpayers ) or payable gross subject to the required self certification .
interest is payable net of the basic rate income tax ( this may be reclaimed by non-taxpayers ) or payable gross subject to the [] self certification .

In the case of joint accounts , where one party to a two party account is a non-taxpayer , half the interest can be paid gross where the non-taxpayer provides the required self-certification .
in the case of joint accounts , where one party to a two party account is a non-taxpayer , half the interest can be paid gross where the non-taxpayer provides the [] self-certification .

Substantial funds are required to deal with domestic waste , clean up drinking and irrigation water supplies , and promote agricultural use of sewage sludge .
substantial funds are [] to deal with domestic waste , clean up drinking and irrigation water supplies , and promote agricultural use of sewage sludge .

An additional $ 101 million is required to tackle pollution of land and sea , caused mainly by phosphate and chemical industries , through a reduction in discharges of sulphur dioxide , fluorine compounds and phosphate derivatives .
an additional $ 101 million is [] to tackle pollution of land and sea , caused mainly by phosphate and chemical industries , through a reduction in discharges of sulphur dioxide , fluorine compounds and phosphate derivatives .

Italy was one of the 64 countries which voted in support of the global ban on sea dumping last November , under which member countries are required to prosecute ships who violate the ban .
italy was one of the 64 countries which voted in support of the global ban on sea dumping last november , under which member countries are [] to prosecute ships who violate the ban .

In relation to resources , efforts will be required to amend existing texts and to supply a range of materials appropriate to Resource-based Learning .
in relation to resources , efforts will be [] to amend existing texts and to supply a range of materials appropriate to resource-based learning .

However , the content required for such targets is inadequate for a true presentation of the Catholic faith tradition  it does not embody that content which adherents know as the essential elements of their faith .
however , the content [] for such targets is inadequate for a true presentation of the catholic faith tradition  it does not embody that content which adherents know as the essential elements of their faith .

Effective purchasing is important to ensure that quality materials and equipment are sourced at the best prices and made available when required .
effective purchasing is important to ensure that quality materials and equipment are sourced at the best prices and made available when [] .

However , sites were not usually so well located , and even when distant from sources of suitable stone , there can have been little special movement of material in such small quantities as were required for cs .
however , sites were not usually so well located , and even when distant from sources of suitable stone , there can have been little special movement of material in such small quantities as were [] for cs .

The tesserae would be further split or fragmented on site , as required .
the tesserae would be further split or fragmented on site , as [] .

The latter design , meanwhile , required a net comprising two identical grids of spaced squares , in staggered formation , but with one grid superimposed on and at 450 to the first .
the latter design , meanwhile , [] a net comprising two identical grids of spaced squares , in staggered formation , but with one grid superimposed on and at 450 to the first .

Tesserae are fixed in a reverse image of the required design .
tesserae are fixed in a reverse image of the [] design .

When the tesserae are set , however , the backing material is torn or scrubbed off , and the required design is revealed ( for the first time ) .
when the tesserae are set , however , the backing material is torn or scrubbed off , and the [] design is revealed ( for the first time ) .

The final barrier to its operation came after the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in the Soviet Union , when the North-Rhine Westphalia administration responded to intensified local concern by refusing to grant it the required license to operate .
the final barrier to its operation came after the chernobyl nuclear disaster in the soviet union , when the north-rhine westphalia administration responded to intensified local concern by refusing to grant it the [] license to operate .

These modes can thus give rise to an Ikeda instability ( which will now have a period rather than 2tR ) provided these modes are resolved into two gain peaks : a high-finesse resonator is thus required for this version of the Ikeda instability , which gives rise to chaos via a period-doubling cascade in parameter regions corresponding to the upper branch of optical bistability { 23 } .
these modes can thus give rise to an ikeda instability ( which will now have a period rather than 2tr ) provided these modes are resolved into two gain peaks : a high-finesse resonator is thus [] for this version of the ikeda instability , which gives rise to chaos via a period-doubling cascade in parameter regions corresponding to the upper branch of optical bistability { 23 } .

Holders of one of the qualifications listed below who , in addition , may be required by the centre to undertake , prior to or during the early part of the course , a centre devised programme of bridging studies .
holders of one of the qualifications listed below who , in addition , may be [] by the centre to undertake , prior to or during the early part of the course , a centre devised programme of bridging studies .

Those enrolled for complete areas of study will be required to undertake the full assessment schedule for those areas of study .
those enrolled for complete areas of study will be [] to undertake the full assessment schedule for those areas of study .

In order to validate prior learning a range of evidence is required .
in order to validate prior learning a range of evidence is [] .

Students should , through assignments , be required to make use of and apply knowledge and competences across a wide spectrum of situations .
students should , through assignments , be [] to make use of and apply knowledge and competences across a wide spectrum of situations .

As practitioners progress in their careers it becomes increasingly difficult and onerous to remember and record prior experience and achievement in a way which can achieve the type of credit which is often needed ( and is becoming more important in the present climate of belief that individuals should not be required to repeat learning which has already taken place ) .
as practitioners progress in their careers it becomes increasingly difficult and onerous to remember and record prior experience and achievement in a way which can achieve the type of credit which is often needed ( and is becoming more important in the present climate of belief that individuals should not be [] to repeat learning which has already taken place ) .

Students are required to successfully complete all assignment which contribute to the overall mark for the area of study .
students are [] to successfully complete all assignment which contribute to the overall mark for the area of study .

In order to pass an individual area of study students will be required to :
in order to pass an individual area of study students will be [] to :

Assignments  Students are required to successfully complete all assignments which contribute to the overall mark for the area of study .
assignments  students are [] to successfully complete all assignments which contribute to the overall mark for the area of study .

be required to undertake further work on the project and be referred to his project tutor or mentor for counselling
be [] to undertake further work on the project and be referred to his project tutor or mentor for counselling

be required to work in the industry for a period in order to improve his management competences before undertaking a project on a new topic area .
be [] to work in the industry for a period in order to improve his management competences before undertaking a project on a new topic area .

Require content to be modified , revised or re-written : in which case the centre will be advised within 4 weeks and will be required to resubmit within the next four weeks .
require content to be modified , revised or re-written : in which case the centre will be advised within 4 weeks and will be [] to resubmit within the next four weeks .

Centres are required to maintain student records including :
centres are [] to maintain student records including :

Here though , unless one wants to claim that context is whatever ( excluding semantics ) produces inferences , some characterization of context seems required .
here though , unless one wants to claim that context is whatever ( excluding semantics ) produces inferences , some characterization of context seems [] .

Such an exclusion would rely on the restricted sense of encoding that required , inter alia , that the significances in question are ( a ) intentionally conveyed ( and we can now say , meant-nn ) and ( b ) conventionally associated with the relevant linguistic forms .
such an exclusion would rely on the restricted sense of encoding that [] , inter alia , that the significances in question are ( a ) intentionally conveyed ( and we can now say , meant-nn ) and ( b ) conventionally associated with the relevant linguistic forms .

But such research required a fundamental clarification of the explicans , i.e .
but such research [] a fundamental clarification of the explicans , i.e .

Suppose , for example , we had as our task the programming of two robots in such a way that they could systematically aid one another in an open range of tasks : what properties beyond the specific abilities required for the tasks would they need to have ?
suppose , for example , we had as our task the programming of two robots in such a way that they could systematically aid one another in an open range of tasks : what properties beyond the specific abilities [] for the tasks would they need to have ?

It is just possible that these properties would be sufficient , together with the abilities required by specific tasks , to engender a coordinated interdigitation of actions that would ( remotely ) resemble human interaction .
it is just possible that these properties would be sufficient , together with the abilities [] by specific tasks , to engender a coordinated interdigitation of actions that would ( remotely ) resemble human interaction .

These principles are expressed as follows : ( 13 ) The co-operative principle make your contribution such as is required , at the stage at which it occurs , by the accepted purpose or direction of the talk exchange in which you are engaged ( 14 ) The maxim of Quality try to make your contribution one that is true , specifically : ( i ) do not say what you believe to be false ( ii ) do not say that for which you lack adequate evidence ( 15 ) The maxim of Quantity ( i ) make your contribution as informative as is required for the current purposes of the exchange ( ii ) do not make your contribution more informative than is required ( 16 ) The maxim of Relevance make your contributions relevant ( 17 ) The maxim of Manner be perspicuous , and specifically : ( i ) avoid obscurity ( ii ) avoid ambiguity ( iii ) be brief ( iv ) be orderly In short , these maxims specify what participants have to do in order to converse in a maximally efficient , rational , co-operative way : they should speak sincerely , relevantly and clearly , while providing sufficient information .
these principles are expressed as follows : ( 13 ) the co-operative principle make your contribution such as is [] , at the stage at which it occurs , by the accepted purpose or direction of the talk exchange in which you are engaged ( 14 ) the maxim of quality try to make your contribution one that is true , specifically : ( i ) do not say what you believe to be false ( ii ) do not say that for which you lack adequate evidence ( 15 ) the maxim of quantity ( i ) make your contribution as informative as is [] for the current purposes of the exchange ( ii ) do not make your contribution more informative than is [] ( 16 ) the maxim of relevance make your contributions relevant ( 17 ) the maxim of manner be perspicuous , and specifically : ( i ) avoid obscurity ( ii ) avoid ambiguity ( iii ) be brief ( iv ) be orderly in short , these maxims specify what participants have to do in order to converse in a maximally efficient , rational , co-operative way : they should speak sincerely , relevantly and clearly , while providing sufficient information .

The Toxics Release Inventory is based on the data which companies are required to file with the Environmental Protection Agency on the types and amounts of chemicals their plants discharge into the air , soil and water .
the toxics release inventory is based on the data which companies are [] to file with the environmental protection agency on the types and amounts of chemicals their plants discharge into the air , soil and water .

At the elections in December 1990 the West German Greens failed to reach 5 per cent of the popular vote , which is required for representation in the Bundestag .
at the elections in december 1990 the west german greens failed to reach 5 per cent of the popular vote , which is [] for representation in the bundestag .

But Carlo Ripa di Meana , the European commissioner for the environment , suggested that the carbon tax is not required urgently because oil prices are rising anyway due to the Gulf crisis .
but carlo ripa di meana , the european commissioner for the environment , suggested that the carbon tax is not [] urgently because oil prices are rising anyway due to the gulf crisis .

The grain neutral spirit required for the majority of the gin production is now distilled at Cameronbridge in Scotland and transported to Laindon .
the grain neutral spirit [] for the majority of the gin production is now distilled at cameronbridge in scotland and transported to laindon .

The Fellow and those awarded grants will be required to submit a written report to the Governing Body on the use of their Fellowship or grant .
the fellow and those awarded grants will be [] to submit a written report to the governing body on the use of their fellowship or grant .

During 1990 there were many crowded  Bops  , Barn Dances , Jazz Evenings , a  High School Prom  and an outdoor summer extravaganza with Hertford whose tickets required  Black Tie and Shorts  .
during 1990 there were many crowded  bops  , barn dances , jazz evenings , a  high school prom  and an outdoor summer extravaganza with hertford whose tickets []  black tie and shorts  .

Better labelling required
better labelling []

Implementation of these proposals would result in tens of thousands of industrial plants being required to carry out an annual audit on the environmental effects of their operations .
implementation of these proposals would result in tens of thousands of industrial plants being [] to carry out an annual audit on the environmental effects of their operations .

Its `` tough scenario `` , required to reach the 35 per cent target , would include the following measures : the insulation of houses to a standard that would reduce heating requirements by 85 per cent and air conditioning by 45 per cent ; the introduction of energy-efficient lighting for commercial buildings , to cut consumption by 60 per cent ; a requirement that new car engines be designed to achieve an average of 58 miles per gallon ; a reduction in coal-fired power stations , with compensatory increases in natural gas and nuclear generating capacity ; and the planting of large areas of forest , which would act as a `` sink `` for excess carbon dioxide .
its `` tough scenario `` , [] to reach the 35 per cent target , would include the following measures : the insulation of houses to a standard that would reduce heating requirements by 85 per cent and air conditioning by 45 per cent ; the introduction of energy-efficient lighting for commercial buildings , to cut consumption by 60 per cent ; a requirement that new car engines be designed to achieve an average of 58 miles per gallon ; a reduction in coal-fired power stations , with compensatory increases in natural gas and nuclear generating capacity ; and the planting of large areas of forest , which would act as a `` sink `` for excess carbon dioxide .

As first drafted , the proposals of the government 's Pollution Inspectorate would have required the companies to fit costly scrubbing filters to power station chimneys to meet the Nox emissions limits .
as first drafted , the proposals of the government 's pollution inspectorate would have [] the companies to fit costly scrubbing filters to power station chimneys to meet the nox emissions limits .

Although the road was originally intended to be a private toll-financed venture , the feasibility study suggested that tolls could only contribute between 30 and 40 per cent of the revenue required .
although the road was originally intended to be a private toll-financed venture , the feasibility study suggested that tolls could only contribute between 30 and 40 per cent of the revenue [] .

Under the provisions of the university decree governing the post , the Halford Mackinder Professor of Geography is required  to lecture and give instruction in Geography  .
under the provisions of the university decree governing the post , the halford mackinder professor of geography is []  to lecture and give instruction in geography  .

This will provide that any university postholder ( but normally a professor or reader ) will be eligible to hold the headship for periods of up to five years and some professors and readers will be required to serve as head if asked by Council .
this will provide that any university postholder ( but normally a professor or reader ) will be eligible to hold the headship for periods of up to five years and some professors and readers will be [] to serve as head if asked by council .

While it is recognised that the professor will probably wish to give lectures and classes in areas connected with his or her own field of research , he or she will be expected to cover a somewhat wider range of topics , as required by undergraduate and graduate courses in Roman Archaeology .
while it is recognised that the professor will probably wish to give lectures and classes in areas connected with his or her own field of research , he or she will be expected to cover a somewhat wider range of topics , as [] by undergraduate and graduate courses in roman archaeology .

The professor will be required to lecture and give instruction in Theoretical Chemistry .
the professor will be [] to lecture and give instruction in theoretical chemistry .

The professor will be required to lecture and give instruction in Theoretical Chemistry .
the professor will be [] to lecture and give instruction in theoretical chemistry .

Whenever the professor is engaged in research work within the University being research work which is funded in whole or in part by an outside body on terms that any invention , know-how , copyright or information arising in the course of such work shall be patented , dealt with or otherwise used or exploited in such manner as the outside body may direct , any such invention , know-how , copyright or information shall be subject to the terms of the agreement with the outside body and the professor is required to comply with all obligations including those of confidentiality imposed by that agreement .
whenever the professor is engaged in research work within the university being research work which is funded in whole or in part by an outside body on terms that any invention , know-how , copyright or information arising in the course of such work shall be patented , dealt with or otherwise used or exploited in such manner as the outside body may direct , any such invention , know-how , copyright or information shall be subject to the terms of the agreement with the outside body and the professor is [] to comply with all obligations including those of confidentiality imposed by that agreement .

Under the University 's safety policy , heads of departments and institutions are responsible for the health , safety , and welfare of all people who are lawfully in the buildings under their charge and are required to bring to the notice of all employees a written statement describing the organisation and arrangements for safety within their departments .
under the university 's safety policy , heads of departments and institutions are responsible for the health , safety , and welfare of all people who are lawfully in the buildings under their charge and are [] to bring to the notice of all employees a written statement describing the organisation and arrangements for safety within their departments .

In the event that no person acceptable to Council is willing to assume the headship on any occasion , either the Coulson or the Dr Lee 's Professor will be required to assume it .
in the event that no person acceptable to council is willing to assume the headship on any occasion , either the coulson or the dr lee 's professor will be [] to assume it .

It is estimated that the three million trees required for the new forest  mainly broadleaved tree species interspersed with conifers  will take 30-40 years to plant and cost 3 million .
it is estimated that the three million trees [] for the new forest  mainly broadleaved tree species interspersed with conifers  will take 30-40 years to plant and cost 3 million .

Officially , 550 species have been formally identified as endangered but an additional 3,600 threatened species have not been listed despite evidence that they required protection .
officially , 550 species have been formally identified as endangered but an additional 3,600 threatened species have not been listed despite evidence that they [] protection .

The report estimates that $ 4.6 billion is needed to enforce the laws required to save all threatened species .
the report estimates that $ 4.6 billion is needed to enforce the laws [] to save all threatened species .

According to the Institute 's report , the control measures could contain the rate of climate change to a level which will not do severe harm . Unprecedented co-operation between nations and strong leadership and intervention from governments will be required
according to the institute 's report , the control measures could contain the rate of climate change to a level which will not do severe harm . unprecedented co-operation between nations and strong leadership and intervention from governments will be []

However , the requirements of the two schemes differ considerably as , according to the Ministry of Forestry , the elephants are wandering miles from their usual territories , whereas Operation Tiger required the creation of relatively small reserves .
however , the requirements of the two schemes differ considerably as , according to the ministry of forestry , the elephants are wandering miles from their usual territories , whereas operation tiger [] the creation of relatively small reserves .

The politicians based their stance on the report of the conference 's scientific sessions , which warned that immediate action was required to limit the warming .
the politicians based their stance on the report of the conference 's scientific sessions , which warned that immediate action was [] to limit the warming .

The period of study depends upon entry qualifications but for the MPhil a minimum of 12 months full-time study is required .
the period of study depends upon entry qualifications but for the mphil a minimum of 12 months full-time study is [] .

As part of the application process candidates are required to develop an outline research proposal .
as part of the application process candidates are [] to develop an outline research proposal .

In addition candidates are required to have published a review of preliminary research findings and contributed to research seminars/conferences .
in addition candidates are [] to have published a review of preliminary research findings and contributed to research seminars/conferences .

In ordinary language , this ordered pair can be rendered as follows : the satisfaction of readers is dependent on their judgement of the processing effort required to derive a reading as well as on the perceived effort put into the writing of the text ; the reader 's judgement of the author 's satisfaction is similarly dependent on the perceived costs to the writer as well as the notion of the writer gaining satisfaction from the reader 's effort and enjoyment of the text .
in ordinary language , this ordered pair can be rendered as follows : the satisfaction of readers is dependent on their judgement of the processing effort [] to derive a reading as well as on the perceived effort put into the writing of the text ; the reader 's judgement of the author 's satisfaction is similarly dependent on the perceived costs to the writer as well as the notion of the writer gaining satisfaction from the reader 's effort and enjoyment of the text .

The leftward nodes represent situations in which the reader is required to expend a lot of effort in deriving coherence from a text .
the leftward nodes represent situations in which the reader is [] to expend a lot of effort in deriving coherence from a text .

Text readings around this position are more likely to result in a complete abandonment of the reading on the grounds that too much effort is required to make sense of the story .
text readings around this position are more likely to result in a complete abandonment of the reading on the grounds that too much effort is [] to make sense of the story .

But why did the speaker deliberately produce an utterance which required reformulation ?
but why did the speaker deliberately produce an utterance which [] reformulation ?

Equally , no speaker will deliberately adopt a condensed style when it is evident that the hearer is unable to access the required contextual assumptions .
equally , no speaker will deliberately adopt a condensed style when it is evident that the hearer is unable to access the [] contextual assumptions .

There is a whole range of ways in which a hearer could recover the required parallelisms .
there is a whole range of ways in which a hearer could recover the [] parallelisms .

The merchant bank in turn may arrange for sub-underwriters to buy all or some of those shares for which the cash is required .
the merchant bank in turn may arrange for sub-underwriters to buy all or some of those shares for which the cash is [] .

In particular , they are required not to deal ( save in limited circumstances ) during certain `` closed periods `` , ie two months prior to the preliminary announcement of the company 's annual results and the announcement of its half-yearly results .
in particular , they are [] not to deal ( save in limited circumstances ) during certain `` closed periods `` , ie two months prior to the preliminary announcement of the company 's annual results and the announcement of its half-yearly results .

The offeror will have to depend on publicly-available sources of information and whatever else it can obtain or it is required to be given under the Code ( see para 5.8 below ) .
the offeror will have to depend on publicly-available sources of information and whatever else it can obtain or it is [] to be given under the code ( see para 5.8 below ) .

They are required to disclose publicly any information which is necessary to avoid the establishment of a false market in their securities and to give their shareholders details of significant transactions affecting the company .
they are [] to disclose publicly any information which is necessary to avoid the establishment of a false market in their securities and to give their shareholders details of significant transactions affecting the company .

The following points should be noted : ( 1 ) Where a holding of 30 per cent or more is acquired by a person or his concert parties as a result of the new issue , a mandatory offer will be required unless the Whitewash procedure ( see para 8.5 below ) is followed .
the following points should be noted : ( 1 ) where a holding of 30 per cent or more is acquired by a person or his concert parties as a result of the new issue , a mandatory offer will be [] unless the whitewash procedure ( see para 8.5 below ) is followed .

These are as follows : ( 1 ) The 75 per cent approval requirement ( see above ) is greater than the 50+ per cent level of acceptances required to obtain a controlling interest under a conventional offer .
these are as follows : ( 1 ) the 75 per cent approval requirement ( see above ) is greater than the 50+ per cent level of acceptances [] to obtain a controlling interest under a conventional offer .

( 1 ) An announcement of the bidder 's firm intention to proceed with the proposed takeover as required by Rule 2.5 of the City Code ( see para 6.3.6 below ) .
( 1 ) an announcement of the bidder 's firm intention to proceed with the proposed takeover as [] by rule 2.5 of the city code ( see para 6.3.6 below ) .

It will also identify the class ( es ) of shareholders to which the arrangement relates , the proposed location and chairman of the meeting ( s ) , and the advertisements required .
it will also identify the class ( es ) of shareholders to which the arrangement relates , the proposed location and chairman of the meeting ( s ) , and the advertisements [] .

( b ) the requirement for listing particulars where listed securities are being offered in connection with the takeover ( ss142-157 ) and the liability to pay compensation for defective particulars or a failure to publish supplementary listing particulars when required to do so ( s150 ) ;
( b ) the requirement for listing particulars where listed securities are being offered in connection with the takeover ( ss142-157 ) and the liability to pay compensation for defective particulars or a failure to publish supplementary listing particulars when [] to do so ( s150 ) ;

The Code does not apply to offers for non-voting , non-equity share capital unless they are offers required by Rule 15 ( securities convertible into equity share capital ) .
the code does not apply to offers for non-voting , non-equity share capital unless they are offers [] by rule 15 ( securities convertible into equity share capital ) .

The parties to a takeover offer are required to observe the spirit as well as the letter of the Code and must accept that the spirit of the Code will apply in areas not specifically covered by any rule .
the parties to a takeover offer are [] to observe the spirit as well as the letter of the code and must accept that the spirit of the code will apply in areas not specifically covered by any rule .

( e ) the consideration for the offer ( cash , shares , loan notes etc ) and , in particular , if a cash offer is required , how this will be financed ( company 's own resources , bank loans , rights issue , cash underwritten alternative , financial assistance from the target etc ) . The extent to which resources are , or should be , made available to improve the offer if necessary should also be considered ;
( e ) the consideration for the offer ( cash , shares , loan notes etc ) and , in particular , if a cash offer is [] , how this will be financed ( company 's own resources , bank loans , rights issue , cash underwritten alternative , financial assistance from the target etc ) . the extent to which resources are , or should be , made available to improve the offer if necessary should also be considered ;

Many factors will influence the timing of the offer including the following : ( 1 ) The offeror will not wish to announce a contested bid at a time when the target company is about to announce record results or a greatly increased dividend ; research on this possibility will be required .
many factors will influence the timing of the offer including the following : ( 1 ) the offeror will not wish to announce a contested bid at a time when the target company is about to announce record results or a greatly increased dividend ; research on this possibility will be [] .

( 9 ) The Note to Rule 26 stipulates that a copy of each document which is required to be put on display pursuant to that Rule ( see para 11.5 below ) must , on request , promptly be made available by an offeror or the target to the other party and to any competing offeror or potential offeror .
( 9 ) the note to rule 26 stipulates that a copy of each document which is [] to be put on display pursuant to that rule ( see para 11.5 below ) must , on request , promptly be made available by an offeror or the target to the other party and to any competing offeror or potential offeror .

The underwriting agreement will normally impose an obligation on the offeror to notify underwriters at that stage of the numbers of shares they will be required to take up , assuming the offer becomes unconditional .
the underwriting agreement will normally impose an obligation on the offeror to notify underwriters at that stage of the numbers of shares they will be [] to take up , assuming the offer becomes unconditional .

Circumstances in which an announcement is required
circumstances in which an announcement is []

Readers should note that a warning announcement ( which may be an announcement that the target is having talks which may or may not lead to an offer ) or a temporary suspension of listing ( pending clarification of the position ) may be required .
readers should note that a warning announcement ( which may be an announcement that the target is having talks which may or may not lead to an offer ) or a temporary suspension of listing ( pending clarification of the position ) may be [] .

If the holdings are significant a further announcement may be required .
if the holdings are significant a further announcement may be [] .

Where the offeror is required to obtain independent advice , it should do so before announcing an offer or any revised offer , and the advice should be as to whether or not the making of the offer is in the interests of shareholders .
where the offeror is [] to obtain independent advice , it should do so before announcing an offer or any revised offer , and the advice should be as to whether or not the making of the offer is in the interests of shareholders .

All that is required is that sufficient of the works shall have been completed to enable the premises to be used for the purpose intended , and if the tenant has any particular concerns as to the completion of the works then it should ensure that express provision is made for those concerns in the agreement ( see clause 2.8 ) .
all that is [] is that sufficient of the works shall have been completed to enable the premises to be used for the purpose intended , and if the tenant has any particular concerns as to the completion of the works then it should ensure that express provision is made for those concerns in the agreement ( see clause 2.8 ) .

2.4.1 as may be required by any local or other competent authority as a condition of the grant or continuance in force of the Landlord 's Approvals or any of them or
2.4.1 as may be [] by any local or other competent authority as a condition of the grant or continuance in force of the landlord 's approvals or any of them or

2.4.2 as may be [ reasonably ] required by the Architect provided that no modification shall be made pursuant to this clause 2.4.2 which would substantially alter the design layout nature capacity or standard of construction of the Premises as provided for in the Building Documents or substantially prejudice the use of the Premises for the purpose specified in the Lease It may be preferable to substitute the word `` materially `` for the word `` substantially `` in clause 2.4.2 as the latter suggests that some alteration less than substantial may be permitted but which could result in not inconsequential prejudice occurring to the design or use of the premises .
2.4.2 as may be [ reasonably ] [] by the architect provided that no modification shall be made pursuant to this clause 2.4.2 which would substantially alter the design layout nature capacity or standard of construction of the premises as provided for in the building documents or substantially prejudice the use of the premises for the purpose specified in the lease it may be preferable to substitute the word `` materially `` for the word `` substantially `` in clause 2.4.2 as the latter suggests that some alteration less than substantial may be permitted but which could result in not inconsequential prejudice occurring to the design or use of the premises .

2.9 If on one or more occasion the carrying out of the Works is delayed in consequence of any circumstance beyond the control of the Landlord which the Landlord could not [ reasonably ] have prevented or avoided then on each such occasion the Landlord shall be allowed such extension of time for carrying out the Works as may be certified by the Architect as being reasonable having regard to the delay in question and the date by which the Landlord is required to carry out the Works as provided in clause 2.8 shall be postponed accordingly The problem here is the uncertainty from the tenant 's point of view , hence the suggestion that there be inserted a long stop date ( see clause 2.8 ) .
2.9 if on one or more occasion the carrying out of the works is delayed in consequence of any circumstance beyond the control of the landlord which the landlord could not [ reasonably ] have prevented or avoided then on each such occasion the landlord shall be allowed such extension of time for carrying out the works as may be certified by the architect as being reasonable having regard to the delay in question and the date by which the landlord is [] to carry out the works as provided in clause 2.8 shall be postponed accordingly the problem here is the uncertainty from the tenant 's point of view , hence the suggestion that there be inserted a long stop date ( see clause 2.8 ) .

3.12 Any provisions in this Lease referring to the consent or approval of the Landlord shall be construed as also requiring the consent or approval of any mortgagee of the Premises and any superior Landlord where such consent shall be required but nothing in this Lease shall be construed as implying that any obligation is imposed upon any mortgagee or any superior Landlord not unreasonably to refuse any such consent or approval
3.12 any provisions in this lease referring to the consent or approval of the landlord shall be construed as also requiring the consent or approval of any mortgagee of the premises and any superior landlord where such consent shall be [] but nothing in this lease shall be construed as implying that any obligation is imposed upon any mortgagee or any superior landlord not unreasonably to refuse any such consent or approval

Ideally , this provision should be deleted , or at the very least it should be amended so that it applies only to the consent of a mortgagee or superior landlord actually required under the terms of an existing mortgage or superior lease . The clause should be amended to read as follows :
ideally , this provision should be deleted , or at the very least it should be amended so that it applies only to the consent of a mortgagee or superior landlord actually [] under the terms of an existing mortgage or superior lease . the clause should be amended to read as follows :

Any provisions in this Lease relating to the consent or approval of the Landlord shall be construed as also requiring the consent or approval of any existing mortgagee of the Premises and any existing superior Landlord where such consent or approval shall be required and the Landlord shall use all reasonable endeavours to obtain such consent or approval with all due expedition
any provisions in this lease relating to the consent or approval of the landlord shall be construed as also requiring the consent or approval of any existing mortgagee of the premises and any existing superior landlord where such consent or approval shall be [] and the landlord shall use all reasonable endeavours to obtain such consent or approval with all due expedition

5.1.2 if so required in writing by the Landlord to make such payments by banker 's order or credit transfer to any bank and account [ in the United Kingdom ] that the Landlord may from time to time nominate There may be occasions where the tenant would wish to withhold rent or claim a set-off and while the point is worth negotiating , clause 5.1.1 is otherwise not unreasonable .
5.1.2 if so [] in writing by the landlord to make such payments by banker 's order or credit transfer to any bank and account [ in the united kingdom ] that the landlord may from time to time nominate there may be occasions where the tenant would wish to withhold rent or claim a set-off and while the point is worth negotiating , clause 5.1.1 is otherwise not unreasonable .

5.7.1 At the Tenant 's own expense to execute all works and provide and maintain all arrangements upon or in respect of the Premises or the use to which the Premises are being put that are required in order to comply with the requirements of any statute ( already or in the future to be passed ) or any government department , local authority other public or competent authority or court of competent jurisdiction regardless of whether such requirements are imposed on the lessor the lessee or the occupier
5.7.1 at the tenant 's own expense to execute all works and provide and maintain all arrangements upon or in respect of the premises or the use to which the premises are being put that are [] in order to comply with the requirements of any statute ( already or in the future to be passed ) or any government department , local authority other public or competent authority or court of competent jurisdiction regardless of whether such requirements are imposed on the lessor the lessee or the occupier

5.8.1.2 to view ( and to open up floors and of other parts of the Premises where such opening-up is required in order to view ) the state of repair and condition of the Premises and
5.8.1.2 to view ( and to open up floors and of other parts of the premises where such opening-up is [] in order to view ) the state of repair and condition of the premises and

5.8.2 Immediately to repair cleanse maintain and paint the Premises as required by such notice [ 5.8.3 If within [ one month ] of the service of such a notice the Tenant shall not have commenced and be proceeding diligently with the execution of the work referred to in the notice or shall fail to complete the work within [ 2 ] months [ or if in the Landlord 's [ Surveyor 's ] [ reasonable ] opinion the Tenant is unlikely to have completed the work within such period ] to permit the Landlord to enter the Premises to execute such work as may be necessary to comply with the notice and to pay to the Landlord the cost of so doing and all expenses incurred by the Landlord ( including legal costs and Surveyor 's fees ) within [ 14 ] days of a written demand ] While it is recognised that the landlord should have the right to enter the premises from time to time to ensure that the tenant 's covenants have been complied with , this clause could cause severe disruption to the tenant 's business and should be amended accordingly .
5.8.2 immediately to repair cleanse maintain and paint the premises as [] by such notice [ 5.8.3 if within [ one month ] of the service of such a notice the tenant shall not have commenced and be proceeding diligently with the execution of the work referred to in the notice or shall fail to complete the work within [ 2 ] months [ or if in the landlord 's [ surveyor 's ] [ reasonable ] opinion the tenant is unlikely to have completed the work within such period ] to permit the landlord to enter the premises to execute such work as may be necessary to comply with the notice and to pay to the landlord the cost of so doing and all expenses incurred by the landlord ( including legal costs and surveyor 's fees ) within [ 14 ] days of a written demand ] while it is recognised that the landlord should have the right to enter the premises from time to time to ensure that the tenant 's covenants have been complied with , this clause could cause severe disruption to the tenant 's business and should be amended accordingly .

5.8.2 As soon as reasonably practicable ( or immediately in the case of emergency ) to repair cleanse maintain and paint the Premises as required by such notice
5.8.2 as soon as reasonably practicable ( or immediately in the case of emergency ) to repair cleanse maintain and paint the premises as [] by such notice

5.11.1 every application made by the Tenant for a consent or licence required by the provisions of this Lease whether such consent or licence is granted or refused or proffered subject to any [ lawful ] qualification or condition or whether the application is withdrawn [ unless such refusal qualification or condition is unlawful whether because it is unreasonable or otherwise ]
5.11.1 every application made by the tenant for a consent or licence [] by the provisions of this lease whether such consent or licence is granted or refused or proffered subject to any [ lawful ] qualification or condition or whether the application is withdrawn [ unless such refusal qualification or condition is unlawful whether because it is unreasonable or otherwise ]

5.11.1 every application made by the Tenant for consent or licence required by the provisions of this Lease whether such consent or licence is granted or refused or proffered subject to any lawful qualification or condition or whether the application is withdrawn unless such refusal qualification or condition is unlawful whether because it is unreasonable or otherwise and unless such consent or licence is unreasonably refused
5.11.1 every application made by the tenant for consent or licence [] by the provisions of this lease whether such consent or licence is granted or refused or proffered subject to any lawful qualification or condition or whether the application is withdrawn unless such refusal qualification or condition is unlawful whether because it is unreasonable or otherwise and unless such consent or licence is unreasonably refused

5.12.4 Unless the Landlord shall otherwise direct to carry out and complete before the expiry of the Term any works required to be carried out to or in the Premises as a condition of any planning permission which may have been granted during the Term irrespective of the date by which such works were required to be carried out It is understandable that a landlord will wish to ensure that the tenant not only complies with planning legislation but also does not make application for planning permission without the landlord 's consent .
5.12.4 unless the landlord shall otherwise direct to carry out and complete before the expiry of the term any works [] to be carried out to or in the premises as a condition of any planning permission which may have been granted during the term irrespective of the date by which such works were [] to be carried out it is understandable that a landlord will wish to ensure that the tenant not only complies with planning legislation but also does not make application for planning permission without the landlord 's consent .

5.12.2 Not without the consent in writing of the Landlord ( such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and which consent shall not be required in relation to applications in respect of the fascia or signage at the Premises ) to apply for planning permission The landlord will probably insist on the retention of clause 5.12.4 in order to avoid the problem of a limited planning permission being issued containing a reinstatement provision becoming effective after the lease term has expired .
5.12.2 not without the consent in writing of the landlord ( such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and which consent shall not be [] in relation to applications in respect of the fascia or signage at the premises ) to apply for planning permission the landlord will probably insist on the retention of clause 5.12.4 in order to avoid the problem of a limited planning permission being issued containing a reinstatement provision becoming effective after the lease term has expired .

Large commercial tenants would not be greatly impressed by its inclusion and smaller tenants may have difficulty in providing the 'security `` required .
large commercial tenants would not be greatly impressed by its inclusion and smaller tenants may have difficulty in providing the 'security `` [] .

5.16.2 To take all [ reasonable ] steps to prevent any new window light opening doorway path passage pipe or other encroachment or easement being made or acquired in against out of or upon the Premises and to notify the Landlord immediately if any such encroachment or easement shall be made or acquired ( or attempted to be made or acquired ) and at the request of the Landlord to adopt such means as shall [ reasonably ] be required to prevent such encroachment or the acquisition of any such easement The landlord will wish to ensure that encroachments are prevented .
5.16.2 to take all [ reasonable ] steps to prevent any new window light opening doorway path passage pipe or other encroachment or easement being made or acquired in against out of or upon the premises and to notify the landlord immediately if any such encroachment or easement shall be made or acquired ( or attempted to be made or acquired ) and at the request of the landlord to adopt such means as shall [ reasonably ] be [] to prevent such encroachment or the acquisition of any such easement the landlord will wish to ensure that encroachments are prevented .

5.19 Statutory notices etc To give full particulars to the Landlord of any notice direction order or proposal for the Premises made given or issued to the Tenant by any local or public authority within [ 7 ] days of receipt and if so required by the Landlord to produce it to the Landlord and without delay to take all necessary steps to comply with the notice direction or order and at the request of the Landlord but at the cost of the Tenant to make or join with the Landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the Landlord shall deem expedient Seven days may be too short a period , particularly if the notice is served at the premises and not forwarded to the appropriate officer of a tenant company with any great alacrity .
5.19 statutory notices etc to give full particulars to the landlord of any notice direction order or proposal for the premises made given or issued to the tenant by any local or public authority within [ 7 ] days of receipt and if so [] by the landlord to produce it to the landlord and without delay to take all necessary steps to comply with the notice direction or order and at the request of the landlord but at the cost of the tenant to make or join with the landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the landlord shall deem expedient seven days may be too short a period , particularly if the notice is served at the premises and not forwarded to the appropriate officer of a tenant company with any great alacrity .

5.22 Defective premises To give notice to the Landlord of any defect in the Premises which might give rise to an obligation on the Landlord to do or refrain from doing any act or thing in order to comply with the provisions of this Lease or the duty of care imposed on the Landlord pursuant to the Defective Premises Act 1972 or otherwise and at all times to display and maintain all notices which the Landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] require to be displayed at the Premises The difficulty here is that this covenant could impose an unfair obligation on the tenant and it should therefore be amended as follows : To give notice to the Landlord upon becoming aware of any defect  5.23 New guarantor Within [ 14 ] days of the death during the Term of any Guarantor or of such person becoming bankrupt or having a receiving order made against him or having a receiver appointed under the Mental Health Act 1983 or being a company passing a resolution to wind up or entering into liquidation or having a receiver appointed to give notice of this to the Landlord and if so required by the Landlord at the expense of the Tenant within [ 28 ] days to procure some other person acceptable to the Landlord [ such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld ] to execute a guarantee in respect of the Tenant 's obligations contained in this Lease in the form of the Guarantor 's covenants contained in this Lease Although this may be perfectly fair and reasonable in that a guarantor 's covenants are expected to last during the period for which they are given , many tenants try to resist this covenant on the basis that it may be extremely difficult for the tenant to produce an alternative guarantor .
5.22 defective premises to give notice to the landlord of any defect in the premises which might give rise to an obligation on the landlord to do or refrain from doing any act or thing in order to comply with the provisions of this lease or the duty of care imposed on the landlord pursuant to the defective premises act 1972 or otherwise and at all times to display and maintain all notices which the landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] require to be displayed at the premises the difficulty here is that this covenant could impose an unfair obligation on the tenant and it should therefore be amended as follows : to give notice to the landlord upon becoming aware of any defect  5.23 new guarantor within [ 14 ] days of the death during the term of any guarantor or of such person becoming bankrupt or having a receiving order made against him or having a receiver appointed under the mental health act 1983 or being a company passing a resolution to wind up or entering into liquidation or having a receiver appointed to give notice of this to the landlord and if so [] by the landlord at the expense of the tenant within [ 28 ] days to procure some other person acceptable to the landlord [ such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld ] to execute a guarantee in respect of the tenant 's obligations contained in this lease in the form of the guarantor 's covenants contained in this lease although this may be perfectly fair and reasonable in that a guarantor 's covenants are expected to last during the period for which they are given , many tenants try to resist this covenant on the basis that it may be extremely difficult for the tenant to produce an alternative guarantor .

There should also be a limitation on the time during which the landlord can require the tenant to procure a new guarantor and the following amendment is suggested :  and if so required by the Landlord by notice to the Tenant given within 28 days of receipt of the Tenant 's notice at the expense of the Tenant within 56 days to procure some other person reasonably acceptable to the Landlord such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed  5.24 Landlord 's rights To permit the Landlord at all times during the Term to exercise without interruption or interference any of the rights granted to [ it ] by virtue of the provisions of this Lease The point here is to ensure that the landlord 's rights contained in the lease are not such as to cause unreasonable interference with the business being carried on at the premises .
there should also be a limitation on the time during which the landlord can require the tenant to procure a new guarantor and the following amendment is suggested :  and if so [] by the landlord by notice to the tenant given within 28 days of receipt of the tenant 's notice at the expense of the tenant within 56 days to procure some other person reasonably acceptable to the landlord such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed  5.24 landlord 's rights to permit the landlord at all times during the term to exercise without interruption or interference any of the rights granted to [ it ] by virtue of the provisions of this lease the point here is to ensure that the landlord 's rights contained in the lease are not such as to cause unreasonable interference with the business being carried on at the premises .

There should also be deleted the reference to the landlord not being required to insure where the tenant has failed to pay the insurance rent , although any landlord in its right mind would do so in any event .
there should also be deleted the reference to the landlord not being [] to insure where the tenant has failed to pay the insurance rent , although any landlord in its right mind would do so in any event .

7.3.2.1 such sum as the Landlord shall from time to time be advised [ by the Surveyor ] as being the full cost of rebuilding and reinstatement including architects ' surveyors ' and other professional fees payable upon any applications for planning permission or other permits or consents that may be required in relation to the rebuilding or reinstatement of the Centre the cost of debris removal demolition site clearance any works that may be required by statute and incidental expenses and
7.3.2.1 such sum as the landlord shall from time to time be advised [ by the surveyor ] as being the full cost of rebuilding and reinstatement including architects ' surveyors ' and other professional fees payable upon any applications for planning permission or other permits or consents that may be [] in relation to the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre the cost of debris removal demolition site clearance any works that may be [] by statute and incidental expenses and

7.3.2.1 such sum as the Landlord shall from time to time be advised [ by the Surveyor ] as being the full cost of building and reinstatement including architects ' surveyors ' and other professional fees payable upon any applications for planning permission or other permits or consents that may be required in relation to the rebuilding or reinstatement of the Centre the cost of debris removal demolition site clearance any works that may be required by statute and proper and reasonable incidental expenses and
7.3.2.1 such sum as the landlord shall from time to time be advised [ by the surveyor ] as being the full cost of building and reinstatement including architects ' surveyors ' and other professional fees payable upon any applications for planning permission or other permits or consents that may be [] in relation to the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre the cost of debris removal demolition site clearance any works that may be [] by statute and proper and reasonable incidental expenses and

7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the Tenant or anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority [ and under the Tenant 's control ] the Landlord shall use [ its ] best endeavours to obtain all planning permissions or other permits and consents that may be required under the Planning Acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the Landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " Permissions " ) The insured risks referred to in 7.6.1.1 will hopefully have been specified in clause 2.8 or in the policy details supplied to the tenant from time to time pursuant to clause 7.9.1
7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the tenant or anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority [ and under the tenant 's control ] the landlord shall use [ its ] best endeavours to obtain all planning permissions or other permits and consents that may be [] under the planning acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " permissions " ) the insured risks referred to in 7.6.1.1 will hopefully have been specified in clause 2.8 or in the policy details supplied to the tenant from time to time pursuant to clause 7.9.1

7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the Tenant or anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority while under the Tenant 's control and in the employment of the Tenant the Landlord shall use its best endeavours to obtain all planning permissions or other permits and consents that may be required under the Planning Acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the Landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " Permissions " )
7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the tenant or anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority while under the tenant 's control and in the employment of the tenant the landlord shall use its best endeavours to obtain all planning permissions or other permits and consents that may be [] under the planning acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " permissions " )

7.6.2 Subject to the provisions of clauses 7.6.3 and 7.6.4 the Landlord shall as soon as the Permissions have been obtained or immediately where no Permissions are required apply all money received in respect of such insurance ( except sums in respect of loss of Rent ) in rebuilding or reinstating the Premises or the Retained Parts so destroyed or damaged [ making up any difference between the cost of rebuilding and reinstating and the money received out of the Landlord 's own money ] It is important to include the words in square brackets in order to ensure that the damaged or destroyed premises are reinstated .
7.6.2 subject to the provisions of clauses 7.6.3 and 7.6.4 the landlord shall as soon as the permissions have been obtained or immediately where no permissions are [] apply all money received in respect of such insurance ( except sums in respect of loss of rent ) in rebuilding or reinstating the premises or the retained parts so destroyed or damaged [ making up any difference between the cost of rebuilding and reinstating and the money received out of the landlord 's own money ] it is important to include the words in square brackets in order to ensure that the damaged or destroyed premises are reinstated .

9.12 Licences etc under hand Whilst the Landlord is a limited company or other corporation all licences consents approvals and notices required to be given by the Landlord shall be sufficiently given if given under the hand of a director the secretary or other duly authorised officer of the Landlord [ or the Surveyor on behalf of the Landlord ] Without this provision , the effectiveness of licences and consents granted by the landlord during the term and not under seal could be in doubt .
9.12 licences etc under hand whilst the landlord is a limited company or other corporation all licences consents approvals and notices [] to be given by the landlord shall be sufficiently given if given under the hand of a director the secretary or other duly authorised officer of the landlord [ or the surveyor on behalf of the landlord ] without this provision , the effectiveness of licences and consents granted by the landlord during the term and not under seal could be in doubt .

Where the original tenant is not required to provide a guarantor but the alienation provisions permit the landlord to require a guarantor on an assignment if it is reasonable to do so , some landlords and tenants prefer the form of the guarantor 's covenants not to be set out in the lease but to rely upon what is reasonable at the time of the assignment , presumably to ensure that the state of the art is employed .
where the original tenant is not [] to provide a guarantor but the alienation provisions permit the landlord to require a guarantor on an assignment if it is reasonable to do so , some landlords and tenants prefer the form of the guarantor 's covenants not to be set out in the lease but to rely upon what is reasonable at the time of the assignment , presumably to ensure that the state of the art is employed .

8.2 To take Lease following disclaimer If at any time during the Term the Tenant ( being an individual ) shall become bankrupt or ( being a company ) shall enter into liquidation and the trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator shall disclaim this Lease the Guarantor shall if the Landlord shall by notice within [ 60 ] days after such disclaimer so require take from the Landlord a Lease of the Premises for the residue of the Contractual Term which would have remained had there been no disclaimer at the Rent then being paid under this Lease and subject to the same covenants and terms as in this Lease ( except that the Guarantor shall not be required to procure that any other person is made a party to the Lease as guarantor ) such new Lease to take effect from the date of such disclaimer and in such case the Guarantor shall pay the costs of such new Lease and execute and deliver to the Landlord a counterpart of it This provision is inserted to avoid the fact that a disclaimer of a lease by a trustee in bankruptcy or a liquidator will give rise to the release of the guarantor from the date of the disclaimer .
8.2 to take lease following disclaimer if at any time during the term the tenant ( being an individual ) shall become bankrupt or ( being a company ) shall enter into liquidation and the trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator shall disclaim this lease the guarantor shall if the landlord shall by notice within [ 60 ] days after such disclaimer so require take from the landlord a lease of the premises for the residue of the contractual term which would have remained had there been no disclaimer at the rent then being paid under this lease and subject to the same covenants and terms as in this lease ( except that the guarantor shall not be [] to procure that any other person is made a party to the lease as guarantor ) such new lease to take effect from the date of such disclaimer and in such case the guarantor shall pay the costs of such new lease and execute and deliver to the landlord a counterpart of it this provision is inserted to avoid the fact that a disclaimer of a lease by a trustee in bankruptcy or a liquidator will give rise to the release of the guarantor from the date of the disclaimer .

The same care is therefore required in drafting standard terms as would be exercised when drafting any other legal document , such as a conveyance , a will or a pleading .
the same care is therefore [] in drafting standard terms as would be exercised when drafting any other legal document , such as a conveyance , a will or a pleading .

The same degree of care is required when drafting a set of standard terms as when drafting any other legal document , whether a conveyance , will , trust deed or pleading .
the same degree of care is [] when drafting a set of standard terms as when drafting any other legal document , whether a conveyance , will , trust deed or pleading .

Before beginning to draft , the drafter should make sure that he/she has to hand all the information likely to be required in order to draft the terms .
before beginning to draft , the drafter should make sure that he/she has to hand all the information likely to be [] in order to draft the terms .

The drafter should have a clear idea of the matters on which instructions are required .
the drafter should have a clear idea of the matters on which instructions are [] .

Similar information will be required , although for different reasons , when drafting standard terms of purchase for a client to use when buying goods .
similar information will be [] , although for different reasons , when drafting standard terms of purchase for a client to use when buying goods .

If further sub-divisions are required , small Roman numerals  ( i ) , ( ii ) , ( iii ) etc  can be used .
if further sub-divisions are [] , small roman numerals  ( i ) , ( ii ) , ( iii ) etc  can be used .

Generally all that is required is that reasonable notice should be given of the terms as a whole .
generally all that is [] is that reasonable notice should be given of the terms as a whole .

However , in a number of cases the courts have required special notice to be given to individual terms .
however , in a number of cases the courts have [] special notice to be given to individual terms .

Under a contract for work and materials which involves the production of a finished product , it is almost certain that obligations analogous to those in a simple sale will be implied , so that the supplier will be required to deliver the finished product , and the buyer to accept and pay for it .
under a contract for work and materials which involves the production of a finished product , it is almost certain that obligations analogous to those in a simple sale will be implied , so that the supplier will be [] to deliver the finished product , and the buyer to accept and pay for it .

Suppose that the contract contains a simple time limit clause such as : The Buyer will notify the Seller of any claim it may have against the Seller for breach of contract within three days of delivery and that the seller delivers short of the required quantity and the goods are later found to suffer from a latent defect .
suppose that the contract contains a simple time limit clause such as : the buyer will notify the seller of any claim it may have against the seller for breach of contract within three days of delivery and that the seller delivers short of the [] quantity and the goods are later found to suffer from a latent defect .

The textual space separating the first from later instances of the item `` flock `` shows the attentiveness required of the reader ( pp .
the textual space separating the first from later instances of the item `` flock `` shows the attentiveness [] of the reader ( pp .

This is covered by the Client Care Scheme , but again the staffing structure in the office must be made very clear to the client from the outset in order to keep the client 's confidence in the ability of the conveyancer 's business to fulfil the service required successfully .
this is covered by the client care scheme , but again the staffing structure in the office must be made very clear to the client from the outset in order to keep the client 's confidence in the ability of the conveyancer 's business to fulfil the service [] successfully .

As an alternative to restrictive covenants ( eg the buyer may build only one single-storey dwelling on the land hereby agreed to be sold ) , there may be positive covenants that the buyer is to be required to observe ( eg the buyer must erect a larchlap fence on the length of the left-hand boundary of the property ) .
as an alternative to restrictive covenants ( eg the buyer may build only one single-storey dwelling on the land hereby agreed to be sold ) , there may be positive covenants that the buyer is to be [] to observe ( eg the buyer must erect a larchlap fence on the length of the left-hand boundary of the property ) .

If there is a positive covenant , not only should this be referred to but also the buyer should be required to enter into an indemnity covenant in the conveyance to him or her in respect of the future observance thereof .
if there is a positive covenant , not only should this be referred to but also the buyer should be [] to enter into an indemnity covenant in the conveyance to him or her in respect of the future observance thereof .

Any part of a deposit that is not required as described above must be held as stakeholder by the seller 's solicitor until completion .
any part of a deposit that is not [] as described above must be held as stakeholder by the seller 's solicitor until completion .

If this arrangement is to be varied a special condition is required .
if this arrangement is to be varied a special condition is [] .

But it 's the clear duty of a seller 's conveyancer to recognise the nature of any plan required , and to obtain this from the seller , or , with authority , to instruct a professional draughtsman to prepare one .
but it 's the clear duty of a seller 's conveyancer to recognise the nature of any plan [] , and to obtain this from the seller , or , with authority , to instruct a professional draughtsman to prepare one .

Most commonly , this might relate to a right of way across the neighbouring property , and details as to whether or not that right has been interrupted or whether charges have been made for its use will be required .
most commonly , this might relate to a right of way across the neighbouring property , and details as to whether or not that right has been interrupted or whether charges have been made for its use will be [] .

Again , details of maintenance responsibilities will be required and the proportion in which the costs of upkeep have been shared by those entitled .
again , details of maintenance responsibilities will be [] and the proportion in which the costs of upkeep have been shared by those entitled .

Adult occupiers should be required to sign the contract on completion in order to signify their consent to granting vacant possession in accordance with the obligations of the owners on exchange of contracts .
adult occupiers should be [] to sign the contract on completion in order to signify their consent to granting vacant possession in accordance with the obligations of the owners on exchange of contracts .

Details of occupiers , including their names and ages , will be required in answer to preliminary enquiries .
details of occupiers , including their names and ages , will be [] in answer to preliminary enquiries .

Acting for the owner of a minor interest , if protection is required this will be by registration of a Notice , caution , restriction or ( rarely ) inhibition .
acting for the owner of a minor interest , if protection is [] this will be by registration of a notice , caution , restriction or ( rarely ) inhibition .

By paying a fee of 25 ( or more , if so directed by the Registrar ) it 's possible to expedite a registration ; in such a case , if a survey is n't required and no Land Registry requisitions are necessary , registration normally takes place within 14 to 21 days .
by paying a fee of 25 ( or more , if so directed by the registrar ) it 's possible to expedite a registration ; in such a case , if a survey is n't [] and no land registry requisitions are necessary , registration normally takes place within 14 to 21 days .

Include the item `` Expedition fee  25 `` in the fees panel ; and it may facilitate the matter , as well as showing courtesy towards the Land Registrar and his staff , if a covering letter with the application cover tells briefly why expedition is required .
include the item `` expedition fee  25 `` in the fees panel ; and it may facilitate the matter , as well as showing courtesy towards the land registrar and his staff , if a covering letter with the application cover tells briefly why expedition is [] .

The three most probable sources of delay will by now have passed : obtaining a local land charges certificate of search ( unless with your client 's approval you 've sacrificed this sacred cow for a personal search ) ; the buyer obtaining a mortgage advance ; and the survey report , which both the buyer and the buyer 's mortgagee will have required .
the three most probable sources of delay will by now have passed : obtaining a local land charges certificate of search ( unless with your client 's approval you 've sacrificed this sacred cow for a personal search ) ; the buyer obtaining a mortgage advance ; and the survey report , which both the buyer and the buyer 's mortgagee will have [] .

( g ) The notes are also useful for the preparation of any report on title that may be required for your client 's bank , building society or other mortgagee , the form of which sometimes requires you to state the last purchase price , etc .
( g ) the notes are also useful for the preparation of any report on title that may be [] for your client 's bank , building society or other mortgagee , the form of which sometimes requires you to state the last purchase price , etc .

As soon as you receive replies to requisitions , you should be in a position to prepare a report on title for any mortgagee for whom you act , as is commonly required by any but a private mortgagee ; you ca n't usually do so before , because until you have had satisfactory replies you ca n't certify that the title is good .
as soon as you receive replies to requisitions , you should be in a position to prepare a report on title for any mortgagee for whom you act , as is commonly [] by any but a private mortgagee ; you ca n't usually do so before , because until you have had satisfactory replies you ca n't certify that the title is good .

You 'll find that in a simple case no more than a few minutes are required .
you 'll find that in a simple case no more than a few minutes are [] .

The information contained above should enable a completion statement to be prepared , and if there is a simultaneous sale and purchase , one completion statement should suffice for both , indicating whether there is a balance required from the client in order to complete , or whether there is a balance returnable to the client upon completion .
the information contained above should enable a completion statement to be prepared , and if there is a simultaneous sale and purchase , one completion statement should suffice for both , indicating whether there is a balance [] from the client in order to complete , or whether there is a balance returnable to the client upon completion .

The following , recommended by the Law Society , is now widely used : In consideration of you today completing the purchase of we hereby undertake forthwith to pay over to Building Society the money required to redeem the mortgage/legal charge dated and to forward the redeemed mortgage/legal charge to you as soon as it is received by us from the Building Society .
the following , recommended by the law society , is now widely used : in consideration of you today completing the purchase of we hereby undertake forthwith to pay over to building society the money [] to redeem the mortgage/legal charge dated and to forward the redeemed mortgage/legal charge to you as soon as it is received by us from the building society .

Recently a number of societies have adopted the practice of sending their solicitor a sealed Form 53 , in the case of registered property , in anticipation of redemption , in which case no undertaking is required , the form being handed over on completion .
recently a number of societies have adopted the practice of sending their solicitor a sealed form 53 , in the case of registered property , in anticipation of redemption , in which case no undertaking is [] , the form being handed over on completion .

Lastly , if any other undertaking is required from a seller on completion , make a note of it here and prepare it now .
lastly , if any other undertaking is [] from a seller on completion , make a note of it here and prepare it now .

In the case of a sale of leasehold property where the lessor 's licence to assign is required , the form of licence sometimes requires signing of a counterpart licence by the seller , and frequently by the buyer too , whereby the latter explicitly becomes responsible for the tenant 's covenants in the lease ; this is a reminder in case the seller must execute the document .
in the case of a sale of leasehold property where the lessor 's licence to assign is [] , the form of licence sometimes requires signing of a counterpart licence by the seller , and frequently by the buyer too , whereby the latter explicitly becomes responsible for the tenant 's covenants in the lease ; this is a reminder in case the seller must execute the document .

( b ) Take up references This applies to a purchase of leasehold property where the landlord 's licence to the transaction is required , and reminds you to obtain from your buyer-client names and addresses of persons who from their personal knowledge of your client can give assurance that he or she is likely to prove a satisfactory tenant .
( b ) take up references this applies to a purchase of leasehold property where the landlord 's licence to the transaction is [] , and reminds you to obtain from your buyer-client names and addresses of persons who from their personal knowledge of your client can give assurance that he or she is likely to prove a satisfactory tenant .

In addition to the above forms , you will of course be required to obtain the borrower 's signature to the mortgage form and possibly a deed of assignment in respect of any endowment policies .
in addition to the above forms , you will of course be [] to obtain the borrower 's signature to the mortgage form and possibly a deed of assignment in respect of any endowment policies .

It is also good practice to ask your client to let you have the balance required ( if applicable ) a few days before completion , because you will need to clear the client 's cheque before you use the relevant monies represented by it .
it is also good practice to ask your client to let you have the balance [] ( if applicable ) a few days before completion , because you will need to clear the client 's cheque before you use the relevant monies represented by it .

However , sometimes buyers can be required to give an undertaking to their building society to effect repairs as mentioned above and otherwise undertakings are used as a device to fulfil a commitment that it was not possible to fulfil before the completion date .
however , sometimes buyers can be [] to give an undertaking to their building society to effect repairs as mentioned above and otherwise undertakings are used as a device to fulfil a commitment that it was not possible to fulfil before the completion date .

( e ) Leasehold property When your client is buying a leasehold property in a case where the lessor 's licence to assign is required , the licence ( which is always prepared by the lessor 's solicitor , who should submit the draft to you for your approval ) may require your client 's execution of a counterpart of the licence .
( e ) leasehold property when your client is buying a leasehold property in a case where the lessor 's licence to assign is [] , the licence ( which is always prepared by the lessor 's solicitor , who should submit the draft to you for your approval ) may require your client 's execution of a counterpart of the licence .

In that case have it signed before sending it to the seller 's conveyancer , otherwise you 'll be required to give your undertaking to have it executed after completion , and to supply a copy of the execution to the seller 's conveyancer .
in that case have it signed before sending it to the seller 's conveyancer , otherwise you 'll be [] to give your undertaking to have it executed after completion , and to supply a copy of the execution to the seller 's conveyancer .

The effect of the proviso was that if the plaintiff were to recover post-termination commission he would be required to give up some freedom which he would otherwise have had , namely the freedom to take employment in whichever field he wished .
the effect of the proviso was that if the plaintiff were to recover post-termination commission he would be [] to give up some freedom which he would otherwise have had , namely the freedom to take employment in whichever field he wished .

Three elements are normally required for a case of breach of confidence to succeed .
three elements are normally [] for a case of breach of confidence to succeed .

It has already been noted that as far as contracts of supply are concerned , required formalities are the exception .
it has already been noted that as far as contracts of supply are concerned , [] formalities are the exception .

This case involved the sale of `` Brazilian groundnut extractions `` required for compounding as food for cattle and poultry by the first buyers .
this case involved the sale of `` brazilian groundnut extractions `` [] for compounding as food for cattle and poultry by the first buyers .

( p93 ) It would appear that as long as the buyer communicates the purpose for which the goods are required , he does not have to specify all of the particular applications so long as they fall within the scope of normal purpose .
( p93 ) it would appear that as long as the buyer communicates the purpose for which the goods are [] , he does not have to specify all of the particular applications so long as they fall within the scope of normal purpose .

The majority view was that , the buyers having intimated that the herring meal was required for animal food , it was not necessary to specify the kind of animal ( s ) to which the food might be given .
the majority view was that , the buyers having intimated that the herring meal was [] for animal food , it was not necessary to specify the kind of animal ( s ) to which the food might be given .

This is recognised in the Law Commission Working Paper No 85 ( 1983 ) in relation to self-assembly furniture where it was said : The goods would , of course , have to be in a condition in which they could be assembled , and if they were sold without adequate instructions it is unlikely that they would meet the required standard of quality .
this is recognised in the law commission working paper no 85 ( 1983 ) in relation to self-assembly furniture where it was said : the goods would , of course , have to be in a condition in which they could be assembled , and if they were sold without adequate instructions it is unlikely that they would meet the [] standard of quality .

Buying goods from a reputable source is not enough as the supplier will be required to entertain elementary precautions , for example , sampling or checking the weight of the goods supplied ( s28 ( 1 ) of the Weights and Measures Act 1985 ) and ensuring that the system can cope with mistakes .
buying goods from a reputable source is not enough as the supplier will be [] to entertain elementary precautions , for example , sampling or checking the weight of the goods supplied ( s28 ( 1 ) of the weights and measures act 1985 ) and ensuring that the system can cope with mistakes .

The regulatory system therefore seeks to cater for these divergent situations by tailoring the degree of regulation to the degree of investor protection required , having regard to such factors as the sophistication of the particular investor , whether transactions are executed on exchanges ( which have their own investor protection mechanisms ) , whether the particular transaction can lead to contingent liabilities and whether margin is taken in support of a transaction . Tailoring the extent of regulation to the particular circumstances aims to give protection where it is necessary without interfering with the efficient operation of the market where it is not , but it does so at the expense of adding to the complexity of the regulations
the regulatory system therefore seeks to cater for these divergent situations by tailoring the degree of regulation to the degree of investor protection [] , having regard to such factors as the sophistication of the particular investor , whether transactions are executed on exchanges ( which have their own investor protection mechanisms ) , whether the particular transaction can lead to contingent liabilities and whether margin is taken in support of a transaction . tailoring the extent of regulation to the particular circumstances aims to give protection where it is necessary without interfering with the efficient operation of the market where it is not , but it does so at the expense of adding to the complexity of the regulations

Authorisation , therefore , will almost certainly be required .
authorisation , therefore , will almost certainly be [] .

Where a firm does provide services to a private customer on written contractual terms ( whether a two-way customer agreement required by the rules or a non-mandatory one used for commercial purposes ) , the agreement must set out in adequate detail the basis on which those services are provided .
where a firm does provide services to a private customer on written contractual terms ( whether a two-way customer agreement [] by the rules or a non-mandatory one used for commercial purposes ) , the agreement must set out in adequate detail the basis on which those services are provided .

In the case of warrants and derivative transactions ( including futures ) , the standard derivatives risk warning notice required by the rules ( see below ) must be provided .
in the case of warrants and derivative transactions ( including futures ) , the standard derivatives risk warning notice [] by the rules ( see below ) must be provided .

To avoid customers being prejudiced in this way , a firm must not effect a contingent liability transaction unless it can show that it believes on reasonable grounds that the customer understands : ( 1 ) The circumstances under which he may be required to provide any margin ; ( 2 ) Particulars of the form in which the margin may be provided ; ( 3 ) Particulars of the steps which the firm may be entitled to take if the customer fails to provide the required margin ; ( 4 ) That failure by the customer to meet a margin call may lead to the firm closing out his position after time limits specified by the firm , and that the firm will be required to close out the position in any event after a period of five business days ; and ( 5 ) That circumstances other than failure to provide margin may lead to the customer 's position being closed out with prior reference to him .
to avoid customers being prejudiced in this way , a firm must not effect a contingent liability transaction unless it can show that it believes on reasonable grounds that the customer understands : ( 1 ) the circumstances under which he may be [] to provide any margin ; ( 2 ) particulars of the form in which the margin may be provided ; ( 3 ) particulars of the steps which the firm may be entitled to take if the customer fails to provide the [] margin ; ( 4 ) that failure by the customer to meet a margin call may lead to the firm closing out his position after time limits specified by the firm , and that the firm will be [] to close out the position in any event after a period of five business days ; and ( 5 ) that circumstances other than failure to provide margin may lead to the customer 's position being closed out with prior reference to him .

Valuation reports must be sent at least monthly ( whereas in non-derivative portfolios only a six-monthly statement is required ) although in each case a customer may advise the firm in writing that he wishes to receive them less frequently .
valuation reports must be sent at least monthly ( whereas in non-derivative portfolios only a six-monthly statement is [] ) although in each case a customer may advise the firm in writing that he wishes to receive them less frequently .

In addition to the standard required contents of periodic statements , statements relating to portfolios including futures and other derivatives must include additional matters including : ( 1 ) Each payment received or made by the firm in respect of the account during the relevant month .
in addition to the standard [] contents of periodic statements , statements relating to portfolios including futures and other derivatives must include additional matters including : ( 1 ) each payment received or made by the firm in respect of the account during the relevant month .

If these methods work , they may be used to modify fiduciary duties to avoid any conflicts with what is permitted or required by regulatory rules .
if these methods work , they may be used to modify fiduciary duties to avoid any conflicts with what is permitted or [] by regulatory rules .

The outcome of these cases is that the Chinese wall has not been seen as providing satisfactory protection for the interests of the former client and , despite the existence of a Chinese wall , the courts have required the law firms not to act on behalf of the new client .
the outcome of these cases is that the chinese wall has not been seen as providing satisfactory protection for the interests of the former client and , despite the existence of a chinese wall , the courts have [] the law firms not to act on behalf of the new client .

The difficulties of relying on Chinese walls as a method of resolving conflicts is enhanced by the fact that in certain circumstances walls will be crossed , for example , by an analyst who is required to advise the corporate finance department on a particular transaction and who will then return to his original position .
the difficulties of relying on chinese walls as a method of resolving conflicts is enhanced by the fact that in certain circumstances walls will be crossed , for example , by an analyst who is [] to advise the corporate finance department on a particular transaction and who will then return to his original position .

We have seen that while practitioners in the financial services field can take certain measures towards reducing their exposure to allegations of breach of fiduciary duty and avoiding conflicts between fiduciary law and regulatory law , there is some doubt as to the efficacy of these techniques and uncertainty as to what is required to ensure that they are reliable .
we have seen that while practitioners in the financial services field can take certain measures towards reducing their exposure to allegations of breach of fiduciary duty and avoiding conflicts between fiduciary law and regulatory law , there is some doubt as to the efficacy of these techniques and uncertainty as to what is [] to ensure that they are reliable .

First , non-compliance with a regulatory rule may assist a court in determining that a state of affairs exists or that conduct falls below a required standard .
first , non-compliance with a regulatory rule may assist a court in determining that a state of affairs exists or that conduct falls below a [] standard .

If the intermediary 's client is to be treated as the firm 's customer and a two-way customer agreement is required for him , it can be entered into with the intermediary ( if there is more than one indirect customer ) , and can cover all the clients for whom he acts .
if the intermediary 's client is to be treated as the firm 's customer and a two-way customer agreement is [] for him , it can be entered into with the intermediary ( if there is more than one indirect customer ) , and can cover all the clients for whom he acts .

The emphasis throughout is on a practical approach concentrating on those areas where legal expertise is most likely to be required .
the emphasis throughout is on a practical approach concentrating on those areas where legal expertise is most likely to be [] .

They are required to act in an open way and to involve the child , those caring for him and other significant people in his life .
they are [] to act in an open way and to involve the child , those caring for him and other significant people in his life .

Nevertheless , the Guidance suggests that local authorities review service provision plans for children in need in the same way as they are required by regulation to review their plans for children they are looking after ( see Chapter 16 , 8 ) .
nevertheless , the guidance suggests that local authorities review service provision plans for children in need in the same way as they are [] by regulation to review their plans for children they are looking after ( see chapter 16 , 8 ) .

In some cases the service required can only be provided by , or with the co-operation of , another department within the same authority or by an external authority .
in some cases the service [] can only be provided by , or with the co-operation of , another department within the same authority or by an external authority .

In both cases investigation is required because the education supervision order has failed to achieve its purpose and the local authority must consider what action it could usefully take to assist the child and his family .
in both cases investigation is [] because the education supervision order has failed to achieve its purpose and the local authority must consider what action it could usefully take to assist the child and his family .

Unreasonable refusal of access to a child in the course of inquiries is in itself a ground for making an emergency protection order where the applicant has reasonable cause to believe that access is required as a matter of urgency ( s44 ( 1 ) ( b ) and see p149 ) .
unreasonable refusal of access to a child in the course of inquiries is in itself a ground for making an emergency protection order where the applicant has reasonable cause to believe that access is [] as a matter of urgency ( s44 ( 1 ) ( b ) and see p149 ) .

An applicant is required to obtain the leave of the court before certain applications can be made .
an applicant is [] to obtain the leave of the court before certain applications can be made .

Where a child is a party to proceedings and required to serve a document , service must be effected by the child 's solicitor or by the guardian ad litem where the child has no solicitor .
where a child is a party to proceedings and [] to serve a document , service must be effected by the child 's solicitor or by the guardian ad litem where the child has no solicitor .

To give the court any other informationhe considers it should have and to advise on any other matter as required .
to give the court any other informationhe considers it should have and to advise on any other matter as [] .

( a ) Attendance of parties The rules do not require the parties to attend the final hearing of an application although the guardian ad litem is required to attend all hearings unless excused .
( a ) attendance of parties the rules do not require the parties to attend the final hearing of an application although the guardian ad litem is [] to attend all hearings unless excused .

Any witness in the family proceedings court , whether attending by summons or otherwise , who refuses to give evidence or produce any document to the court as required may be committed to prison for a term not exceeding one month or fined an amount not exceeding 1,000 , or both ( Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , s97 ( 4 ) ) .
any witness in the family proceedings court , whether attending by summons or otherwise , who refuses to give evidence or produce any document to the court as [] may be committed to prison for a term not exceeding one month or fined an amount not exceeding 1,000 , or both ( magistrates ' courts act 1980 , s97 ( 4 ) ) .

While an expert is often required to give an opinion based on examinations or interviews he has actually carried out , he may also be asked to express an opinion on evidence before the court within his particular area of expertise .
while an expert is often [] to give an opinion based on examinations or interviews he has actually carried out , he may also be asked to express an opinion on evidence before the court within his particular area of expertise .

( a ) Free legal aid Applicants entitled to free legal aid are not required to complete an application form .
( a ) free legal aid applicants entitled to free legal aid are not [] to complete an application form .

Does the care they are offering or are likely to offer the child meet the required standard ?
does the care they are offering or are likely to offer the child meet the [] standard ?

Where the choice is between a care order or allowing the child to return home the court is often required to balance the risk of physical harm if the child is returned against the equally damaging risk of emotional harm which separation may cause .
where the choice is between a care order or allowing the child to return home the court is often [] to balance the risk of physical harm if the child is returned against the equally damaging risk of emotional harm which separation may cause .

In addition to these requirements a responsible person may be required to keep the supervisor informed of his address if it differs from the child 's ( para 3 ( 3 ) ) .
in addition to these requirements a responsible person may be [] to keep the supervisor informed of his address if it differs from the child 's ( para 3 ( 3 ) ) .

If the order includes provision for medical or psychiatric examination or treatment he may be required to ensure that the child complies ( see below ) .
if the order includes provision for medical or psychiatric examination or treatment he may be [] to ensure that the child complies ( see below ) .

Under that lease it is required to pay rents to the landlord .
under that lease it is [] to pay rents to the landlord .

If the rules are of an unusual or onerous nature , for example allowing the exchange to alter dates of performance , the purchase price , or delivery obligations at will ; then a higher standard of notification may be required .
if the rules are of an unusual or onerous nature , for example allowing the exchange to alter dates of performance , the purchase price , or delivery obligations at will ; then a higher standard of notification may be [] .

If an exchange had a rule that required members to state that every contract was intended to go to physical delivery , notwithstanding the fact that since the rule was made the exchange had introduced a number of cash-settled contracts ; this would almost certainly be subject to some sort of variation .
if an exchange had a rule that [] members to state that every contract was intended to go to physical delivery , notwithstanding the fact that since the rule was made the exchange had introduced a number of cash-settled contracts ; this would almost certainly be subject to some sort of variation .

Such a situation will be rare , but might arise if , say , the exchange required all floor traders to have their mnemonics printed on their trading cards , failed to accept delivery of the cards by the member to the trading floor , and then brought an action for breach of the original requirement .
such a situation will be rare , but might arise if , say , the exchange [] all floor traders to have their mnemonics printed on their trading cards , failed to accept delivery of the cards by the member to the trading floor , and then brought an action for breach of the original requirement .

In a comparatively short time the student is equipped with systems and a metalanguage suitable for carrying out the required tasks in a clear and specific manner .
in a comparatively short time the student is equipped with systems and a metalanguage suitable for carrying out the [] tasks in a clear and specific manner .

The work required to implement recommendations under this heading may take longer than the overall planning process .
the work [] to implement recommendations under this heading may take longer than the overall planning process .

Accordingly a detailed knowledge of the Legal Aid franchising requirements will also be required when setting up your department or when gearing it to expand .
accordingly a detailed knowledge of the legal aid franchising requirements will also be [] when setting up your department or when gearing it to expand .

Not only in this case will knowledge of the work itself be required , but the necessity for case management and monitoring will also need to be addressed ( see further Chapter 3 ) .
not only in this case will knowledge of the work itself be [] , but the necessity for case management and monitoring will also need to be addressed ( see further chapter 3 ) .

( ii ) Is a practising certificate required ? Yes for solicitors .
( ii ) is a practising certificate [] ? yes for solicitors .

4 Knowledge required
4 knowledge []

( i ) Is the applicant required to have recent experience in this field ?
( i ) is the applicant [] to have recent experience in this field ?

If yes , state nature and extent of the experience required .
if yes , state nature and extent of the experience [] .

( iii ) Is advocacy experience required ? Not essential , but might be useful as demonstrating the applicant 's experience .
( iii ) is advocacy experience [] ? not essential , but might be useful as demonstrating the applicant 's experience .

( i ) Is the applicant required to attend a training course , and if so , how many ?
( i ) is the applicant [] to attend a training course , and if so , how many ?

This information will be used as background information and could be used to help decide whether or not other methods of assessment , such as an interview , are required .
this information will be used as background information and could be used to help decide whether or not other methods of assessment , such as an interview , are [] .

( b ) In some circumstances , individual solicitors may be required to attend a relevant training course as a condition of acceptance on to the panel .
( b ) in some circumstances , individual solicitors may be [] to attend a relevant training course as a condition of acceptance on to the panel .

( ii ) If the panel member moves to another firm during the five-year period of membership he/she would be required to undergo reselection ( unless moving to a firm which is currently approved , ie already has a panel member ) .
( ii ) if the panel member moves to another firm during the five-year period of membership he/she would be [] to undergo reselection ( unless moving to a firm which is currently approved , ie already has a panel member ) .

( iii ) If the panel member 's firm merges or splits during the five-year period of membership the member would be required to undergo reselection for the balance of the original five-year term .
( iii ) if the panel member 's firm merges or splits during the five-year period of membership the member would be [] to undergo reselection for the balance of the original five-year term .

Required for solicitors .
[] for solicitors .

No qualification period is required as the other criteria can not be fulfilled unless the applicant has been personally conducting cases for at least three years .
no qualification period is [] as the other criteria can not be fulfilled unless the applicant has been personally conducting cases for at least three years .

4 Knowledge required
4 knowledge []

They could be used to decide whether or not other methods of assessment , such as an interview , are required .
they could be used to decide whether or not other methods of assessment , such as an interview , are [] .

( iv ) In some circumstances , individual solicitors may be required to attend a relevant training course as a condition of acceptance onto the panel .
( iv ) in some circumstances , individual solicitors may be [] to attend a relevant training course as a condition of acceptance onto the panel .

( ii ) If the panel member moves to another firm during the five-year period of membership he/she would be required to undergo reselection ( unless moving to a firm which is currently approved , ie already has a panel member ) .
( ii ) if the panel member moves to another firm during the five-year period of membership he/she would be [] to undergo reselection ( unless moving to a firm which is currently approved , ie already has a panel member ) .

( iii ) If the panel member 's firm merges or splits during the five-year period of membership the member would be required to undergo reselection for the balance of the original five-year term .
( iii ) if the panel member 's firm merges or splits during the five-year period of membership the member would be [] to undergo reselection for the balance of the original five-year term .

If a file is not in its sling you need to be able to locate it , particularly if it is required for an audit .
if a file is not in its sling you need to be able to locate it , particularly if it is [] for an audit .

Instruction forms should accompany the order indicating the size required , whether it is one sided or double sided and the urgency of the task .
instruction forms should accompany the order indicating the size [] , whether it is one sided or double sided and the urgency of the task .

[ Op para ] The cost of investigating your claim will depend on the amount of work required .
[ op para ] the cost of investigating your claim will depend on the amount of work [] .

If proceedings have been issued you may be required to contribute to the Defendants ' legal costs , but this will usually be limited to the same amount that you contributed to the Legal Aid Board in respect of your own legal costs .
if proceedings have been issued you may be [] to contribute to the defendants ' legal costs , but this will usually be limited to the same amount that you contributed to the legal aid board in respect of your own legal costs .

If necessary , please include a scale plan of the accident site and any photographs that are required .
if necessary , please include a scale plan of the accident site and any photographs that are [] .

( 2 ) Does the witness understand and accept that they may be required to give evidence in court and under oath ?
( 2 ) does the witness understand and accept that they may be [] to give evidence in court and under oath ?

If the complaint is upheld , the British Government is required by the Convention to change the law which permitted the original infringement .
if the complaint is upheld , the british government is [] by the convention to change the law which permitted the original infringement .

The Attorney-General has no statutory right to preview programmes or to see transcripts or articles in draft , and if the rule against prior restraint were honoured in breach of confidence cases he would have to await publication before deciding whether the public interest required action .
the attorney-general has no statutory right to preview programmes or to see transcripts or articles in draft , and if the rule against prior restraint were honoured in breach of confidence cases he would have to await publication before deciding whether the public interest [] action .

The case lasted 100 days , required the attendance of many witnesses from abroad , and the defendant 's legal costs alone amounted to some 400,000 .
the case lasted 100 days , [] the attendance of many witnesses from abroad , and the defendant 's legal costs alone amounted to some 400,000 .

It seems quite wrong , for example , that they should not be required to state explicitly the amount of damages which have been paid in settlement of the action .
it seems quite wrong , for example , that they should not be [] to state explicitly the amount of damages which have been paid in settlement of the action .

Breach of the peace is no longer an essential element : all that is required is a defamatory statement of some seriousness , and `` seriousness `` may be inferred from the public position of the person about whom it is made .
breach of the peace is no longer an essential element : all that is [] is a defamatory statement of some seriousness , and `` seriousness `` may be inferred from the public position of the person about whom it is made .

Lord Cross accepted that the `` significant proportion `` test was the standard which the justices were required to apply , but stressed that `` a significant proportion of a class means a part which is not numerically negligible but which may be much less than half . ``
lord cross accepted that the `` significant proportion `` test was the standard which the justices were [] to apply , but stressed that `` a significant proportion of a class means a part which is not numerically negligible but which may be much less than half . ``

It is usually recognised by the presence of large numbers of larvae at the same stage of development in animals withheld from infection for a period longer than that required to reach that particular larval stage .
it is usually recognised by the presence of large numbers of larvae at the same stage of development in animals withheld from infection for a period longer than that [] to reach that particular larval stage .

Unlikely to be required .
unlikely to be [] .

It required an effort to conceal the sharp stab of pain his words had caused , but she agreed with a light ,  Three cheers for upbringing .
it [] an effort to conceal the sharp stab of pain his words had caused , but she agreed with a light ,  three cheers for upbringing .

There would be no wasted space and we would still be able to turn directly to the required name .
there would be no wasted space and we would still be able to turn directly to the [] name .

So we must begin our inspection of this conception by asking how far our legal practice can be understood as exhibiting conventions of the required sort .
so we must begin our inspection of this conception by asking how far our legal practice can be understood as exhibiting conventions of the [] sort .

For then they disagreed about what their conventions of courtesy `` really `` required .
for then they disagreed about what their conventions of courtesy `` really `` [] .

The majority in the snail darter case thought that the best interpretation of the convention about statutes required them to enforce the literal meaning of the Environmental Protection Act unless it could be proved that Congress intended otherwise .
the majority in the snail darter case thought that the best interpretation of the convention about statutes [] them to enforce the literal meaning of the environmental protection act unless it could be proved that congress intended otherwise .

Or what comes to the same thing judges changed their minds about what aspects or features of past decisions they were required to follow .
or what comes to the same thing judges changed their minds about what aspects or features of past decisions they were [] to follow .

The pragmatist will pay whatever attention to the past is required by good strategy .
the pragmatist will pay whatever attention to the past is [] by good strategy .

For we can easily imagine a legislative structure that would produce compromise statutes mechanically , as a function of the different opinions about strict liability or racial discrimination or abortion among the various legislators , without any legislator being asked or required to vote for the compromise as a package .
for we can easily imagine a legislative structure that would produce compromise statutes mechanically , as a function of the different opinions about strict liability or racial discrimination or abortion among the various legislators , without any legislator being asked or [] to vote for the compromise as a package .

The Constitution requires states to extend to all citizens certain rights  the right to free speech , for example  but leaves them free to recognize other , non-constitutionally required rights if they wish .
the constitution requires states to extend to all citizens certain rights  the right to free speech , for example  but leaves them free to recognize other , non-constitutionally [] rights if they wish .

If a state accepts one of these nonconstitutionally required rights for one class of citizens , however , it must do so for all .
if a state accepts one of these nonconstitutionally [] rights for one class of citizens , however , it must do so for all .

 This little love note required the strength of a man .
 this little love note [] the strength of a man .

The hand he held in his was slowly going numb from the effort required to stop her fingers curling round his .
the hand he held in his was slowly going numb from the effort [] to stop her fingers curling round his .

The technology required to cope with this would far beyond the capabilities of the microcomputers present in school and the cost of hardware and software needed to run such system would be prohibitive .
the technology [] to cope with this would far beyond the capabilities of the microcomputers present in school and the cost of hardware and software needed to run such system would be prohibitive .

To return a book , a form giving the name and form number of the borrower was required .
to return a book , a form giving the name and form number of the borrower was [] .

An understanding of the curriculum and the needs of different groups of pupils is essential to the success of any curriculum-related database , while an awareness of the skills required to find and use information is an important factor for any teacher setting an assignment which involves pupils in information handling .
an understanding of the curriculum and the needs of different groups of pupils is essential to the success of any curriculum-related database , while an awareness of the skills [] to find and use information is an important factor for any teacher setting an assignment which involves pupils in information handling .

Keywords are assigned to resources that match both pupil and teacher criteria , the inquiry/communicating skills required of pupils and the resources being indexed .
keywords are assigned to resources that match both pupil and teacher criteria , the inquiry/communicating skills [] of pupils and the resources being indexed .

In helping pupils to use the microcomputer to retrieve information , either as a list of references or as statistics , the information skills set out in Figure 6.6 are learned as required .
in helping pupils to use the microcomputer to retrieve information , either as a list of references or as statistics , the information skills set out in figure 6.6 are learned as [] .

Pupils are required to construct simple concept maps .
pupils are [] to construct simple concept maps .

The Modern Studies data files contain references to all media in the library  including periodical articles , video programmes , books and newspaper cuttings , so all pupils are required to make only one search for information .
the modern studies data files contain references to all media in the library  including periodical articles , video programmes , books and newspaper cuttings , so all pupils are [] to make only one search for information .

This map was produced in class following pupil-teacher discussion and then used by the author to produce the required keyword access to the Alternative Ideologies datafile .
this map was produced in class following pupil-teacher discussion and then used by the author to produce the [] keyword access to the alternative ideologies datafile .

In terms of examinations , school librarians and teachers have aware of examination requirements and ensure that the soft chosen for part of any course fits into the examination required as laid down by examination boards .
in terms of examinations , school librarians and teachers have aware of examination requirements and ensure that the soft chosen for part of any course fits into the examination [] as laid down by examination boards .

The amount of preparation which is required before the program can be used is important .
the amount of preparation which is [] before the program can be used is important .

40 or 80 track , and whether a single or dual disk drive is required .
40 or 80 track , and whether a single or dual disk drive is [] .

Some database programs , for example , allow use at the most basic level and produce the required results .
some database programs , for example , allow use at the most basic level and produce the [] results .

It should also state what memory capacity is required and , with database management programs .
it should also state what memory capacity is [] and , with database management programs .

With some software the user is required to make backup copies of the master disk before use and the documentation should make it clear how this should be done .
with some software the user is [] to make backup copies of the master disk before use and the documentation should make it clear how this should be done .

The librarian has also found that close examination of data required in producing databases brings about an awareness of bias and the development of objective criticism .
the librarian has also found that close examination of data [] in producing databases brings about an awareness of bias and the development of objective criticism .

Legally Egypt had been Ottoman , and since the Ottoman empire was siding with Germany Britain was at war with Turkey and hence required to annex Egypt formally .
legally egypt had been ottoman , and since the ottoman empire was siding with germany britain was at war with turkey and hence [] to annex egypt formally .

Their tasks included collecting taxes and when necessary producing labourers for public works on dams , canals or bridges ; and enlisting the required numbers of men for the army who lacked the money to buy themselves out of national service .
their tasks included collecting taxes and when necessary producing labourers for public works on dams , canals or bridges ; and enlisting the [] numbers of men for the army who lacked the money to buy themselves out of national service .

The book is not confined to the needs of the conveyancing practitioner , however ; it is thought that the divorce practitioner should also have knowledge of the different types of conveyance which may be ordered by the court or agreed between the parties and the points which should be taken into account at that time , the protective measures that might be taken before the conveyance is concluded and the documentation that may be required in dealing with life policies .
the book is not confined to the needs of the conveyancing practitioner , however ; it is thought that the divorce practitioner should also have knowledge of the different types of conveyance which may be ordered by the court or agreed between the parties and the points which should be taken into account at that time , the protective measures that might be taken before the conveyance is concluded and the documentation that may be [] in dealing with life policies .

In such a case , the husband will , if possible , wish to be released by the mortgagee from the future liability under the mortgage rather than rely upon an indemnity from the wife , and although the mortgagee should be aware of the proceedings between the parties by virtue of the notification required to be made to it under r2.59 ( 4 ) of the Family Proceedings Rules 1991 ( see p3 ) , a formal application will doubtless have to be made by the husband for a release .
in such a case , the husband will , if possible , wish to be released by the mortgagee from the future liability under the mortgage rather than rely upon an indemnity from the wife , and although the mortgagee should be aware of the proceedings between the parties by virtue of the notification [] to be made to it under r2.59 ( 4 ) of the family proceedings rules 1991 ( see p3 ) , a formal application will doubtless have to be made by the husband for a release .

If the title to the matrimonial home is registered , then a consent to the transfer will be required from the mortgagee if a restriction to this effect has been entered on the register .
if the title to the matrimonial home is registered , then a consent to the transfer will be [] from the mortgagee if a restriction to this effect has been entered on the register .

( d ) First registration of title Although the property may be in an area subject to compulsory registration of title , no application for registration is required when the property is conveyed following a court order as the conveyance has not been one following sale ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s123 ) .
( d ) first registration of title although the property may be in an area subject to compulsory registration of title , no application for registration is [] when the property is conveyed following a court order as the conveyance has not been one following sale ( land registration act 1925 , s123 ) .

This may take place subsequent to the conveyance or transfer to the wife , so that a separate deed of release is required in favour of the husband ( see Precedents 32 and 33 ) .
this may take place subsequent to the conveyance or transfer to the wife , so that a separate deed of release is [] in favour of the husband ( see precedents 32 and 33 ) .

Therefore even though the wife may buy the husband 's share ( see Precedents 17 and 21 ) , no application for first registration is required .
therefore even though the wife may buy the husband 's share ( see precedents 17 and 21 ) , no application for first registration is [] .

Although all that is required , where the new husband is acquiring the husband 's interest , is an assignment of the husband 's equitable interest , this is plainly impracticable as neither the new husband nor the wife will wish the husband to continue to have any interest at all in the property .
although all that is [] , where the new husband is acquiring the husband 's interest , is an assignment of the husband 's equitable interest , this is plainly impracticable as neither the new husband nor the wife will wish the husband to continue to have any interest at all in the property .

For those conveyances on sale where the consideration ( including any mortgage debt assumed ) is less than 60,000 , a certificate of value will be required ( see Chapter 2 ) .
for those conveyances on sale where the consideration ( including any mortgage debt assumed ) is less than 60,000 , a certificate of value will be [] ( see chapter 2 ) .

( c ) First registration of title Generally , an application for first registration of title , even when the land is in a compulsory area , will not be required unless the conveyance has been one of sale of the whole of the property ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s123 ) .
( c ) first registration of title generally , an application for first registration of title , even when the land is in a compulsory area , will not be [] unless the conveyance has been one of sale of the whole of the property ( land registration act 1925 , s123 ) .

Unless any cash payment is passing which is required by the husband for the purchase of another property , a contract would appear to be unnecessary and is certainly not required if the transaction is to be carried out following a court order ( whether by consent or otherwise ) as application can always be made to the court for the terms of the order to be carried out ( see Chapter 8 ) .
unless any cash payment is passing which is [] by the husband for the purchase of another property , a contract would appear to be unnecessary and is certainly not [] if the transaction is to be carried out following a court order ( whether by consent or otherwise ) as application can always be made to the court for the terms of the order to be carried out ( see chapter 8 ) .

If the husband 's name remained there , this could cause difficulties in respect of any claim as his receipt might be required .
if the husband 's name remained there , this could cause difficulties in respect of any claim as his receipt might be [] .

There had been , of course , clearly nothing to be gained by telling Liz all about all the hard , strenuous efforts required just to keep the bricks and mortar of the family home in good condition .
there had been , of course , clearly nothing to be gained by telling liz all about all the hard , strenuous efforts [] just to keep the bricks and mortar of the family home in good condition .

How childish of her to think that a good sexual relationship was all that was required for a successful marriage .
how childish of her to think that a good sexual relationship was all that was [] for a successful marriage .

 There 's been a bit of a crisis over the weekend  some vital supplies have been held up  and , apparently , my presence is urgently required .
 there 's been a bit of a crisis over the weekend  some vital supplies have been held up  and , apparently , my presence is urgently [] .

As the conversion required a full strip down , both Basler and Professional have taken the opportunity to  zero time  the airframe , to replace and radically improve systems , change and update all of the cockpit instrumentation .
as the conversion [] a full strip down , both basler and professional have taken the opportunity to  zero time  the airframe , to replace and radically improve systems , change and update all of the cockpit instrumentation .

Hearts have tonight asked two of their longest serving players to help raise the money required to redevelop Tynecastle .
hearts have tonight asked two of their longest serving players to help raise the money [] to redevelop tynecastle .

It was more a case of realising that Celtic 's squad lacked the strength in depth required for a successful European campaign and to mount a sustainable challenge on the domestic front .
it was more a case of realising that celtic 's squad lacked the strength in depth [] for a successful european campaign and to mount a sustainable challenge on the domestic front .

Appeals can be made on several grounds , for example , that permission ought to be granted , that permission has been granted and that no permission is required .
appeals can be made on several grounds , for example , that permission ought to be granted , that permission has been granted and that no permission is [] .

Again , ministerial confirmation is required and compensation is payable , for depreciation , disturbance and expenses incurred in carrying out the works in compliance with the order .
again , ministerial confirmation is [] and compensation is payable , for depreciation , disturbance and expenses incurred in carrying out the works in compliance with the order .

This asserts clearly that , before proceeding with development , government departments will consult the local planning authorities when the proposed development is one for which specific planning permission would , in normal circumstances , be required .
this asserts clearly that , before proceeding with development , government departments will consult the local planning authorities when the proposed development is one for which specific planning permission would , in normal circumstances , be [] .

Further , even when consultation would not be required on this basis :
further , even when consultation would not be [] on this basis :

The planning authority has to assess the amount of land required for mineral working , and this requires an assessment of the future demand likely to be made on production in its area .
the planning authority has to assess the amount of land [] for mineral working , and this requires an assessment of the future demand likely to be made on production in its area .

 The long term view that is required for mineral exploitation means that planning permissions have generally been given for a working with a long life commonly not less than fifteen years , and , on occasion , up to sixty years .
 the long term view that is [] for mineral exploitation means that planning permissions have generally been given for a working with a long life commonly not less than fifteen years , and , on occasion , up to sixty years .

Reports continue to be produced , but public opinion prevents effective action on the required scale .
reports continue to be produced , but public opinion prevents effective action on the [] scale .

 The question to be considered in every case is whether the land in its existing state , taking into account operations and uses for which planning permission  is not required , is  incapable of reasonably beneficial use   In considering what capacity for use the land has , relevant factors are the physical state of the land , its size , shape and surroundings , and the general patterns of land-uses in the area ; a use of relatively low value may be regarded as reasonably beneficial if such a use is common for similar land in the vicinity .
 the question to be considered in every case is whether the land in its existing state , taking into account operations and uses for which planning permission  is not [] , is  incapable of reasonably beneficial use   in considering what capacity for use the land has , relevant factors are the physical state of the land , its size , shape and surroundings , and the general patterns of land-uses in the area ; a use of relatively low value may be regarded as reasonably beneficial if such a use is common for similar land in the vicinity .

Under these powers the commission had to disclose the purpose for which it required the land .
under these powers the commission had to disclose the purpose for which it [] the land .

They were intended to provide a rapid procedure under which objectors would have no right to state their case at a public inquiry , and the commission was not required to disclose the purpose for which the land was needed .
they were intended to provide a rapid procedure under which objectors would have no right to state their case at a public inquiry , and the commission was not [] to disclose the purpose for which the land was needed .

 any land which is in their area and which is suitable for and is required in order to secure the carrying out of one or more of the following activities , namely , development , redevelopment and improvement [ and ] any land which is in their area and which is required for a purpose which it is necessary to achieve in the interests of the proper planning of an area in which the land is situated .
 any land which is in their area and which is suitable for and is [] in order to secure the carrying out of one or more of the following activities , namely , development , redevelopment and improvement [ and ] any land which is in their area and which is [] for a purpose which it is necessary to achieve in the interests of the proper planning of an area in which the land is situated .

The structure plans tended to be based on a survey  analysis  plan approach which required a rather determinist view of the issues which they examined .
the structure plans tended to be based on a survey  analysis  plan approach which [] a rather determinist view of the issues which they examined .

Finally , clearer guidance from central government is required , and appeal decisions should be consistent with exhortations .
finally , clearer guidance from central government is [] , and appeal decisions should be consistent with exhortations .

The 1976 DoE circular on the safeguarding of agricultural land defined the general policy as being  to ensure that , as far as possible , land of a higher agricultural quality is not taken for development where land of a lower quality is available , and that the amount of land taken should be no greater than is reasonably required for carrying out the development in accordance with proper standards  .
the 1976 doe circular on the safeguarding of agricultural land defined the general policy as being  to ensure that , as far as possible , land of a higher agricultural quality is not taken for development where land of a lower quality is available , and that the amount of land taken should be no greater than is reasonably [] for carrying out the development in accordance with proper standards  .

The public sector would then be required to justify the retention of land held for projects not included in approved programmes and underdeveloped land or property before an independent adjudicator .
the public sector would then be [] to justify the retention of land held for projects not included in approved programmes and underdeveloped land or property before an independent adjudicator .

First , they are a single purpose authority , and , unlike the local planning authorities of England and Scotland , were able , and indeed required , to pursue positive planning as their first priority .
first , they are a single purpose authority , and , unlike the local planning authorities of england and scotland , were able , and indeed [] , to pursue positive planning as their first priority .

Redundant churches are safeguarded by the Pastoral Measure 1983 which provides procedures for deciding whether a church is still required for worship , and , if not , what the future of the building should be .
redundant churches are safeguarded by the pastoral measure 1983 which provides procedures for deciding whether a church is still [] for worship , and , if not , what the future of the building should be .

However , because of the Church 's separate statutory procedure , listed building consent is not required for churches in use .
however , because of the church 's separate statutory procedure , listed building consent is not [] for churches in use .

Such consent is required , however , for alterations to redundant churches but not if demolition is carried out pursuant to a scheme under the Pastoral Measure .
such consent is [] , however , for alterations to redundant churches but not if demolition is carried out pursuant to a scheme under the pastoral measure .

Local planning authorities are now required to ensure that conditions ( preferably reinforced by tree preservation orders ) are imposed for the protection of existing trees and for the planting of new ones .
local planning authorities are now [] to ensure that conditions ( preferably reinforced by tree preservation orders ) are imposed for the protection of existing trees and for the planting of new ones .

Willi had given them the briefest of explanations for their presence being required but they were becoming as alarmed as Gesner by this talk of lawsuits and the resignation of Franz Busacher .
willi had given them the briefest of explanations for their presence being [] but they were becoming as alarmed as gesner by this talk of lawsuits and the resignation of franz busacher .

Additional knowledge is required to specify more closely the smaller proportion of troubled people who would be most susceptible to developing psychiatric disorder in the context of particular events .
additional knowledge is [] to specify more closely the smaller proportion of troubled people who would be most susceptible to developing psychiatric disorder in the context of particular events .

Therefore , legislation will be required to achieve harmonisation .
therefore , legislation will be [] to achieve harmonisation .

We have seen that is likely to be negative where is positive , giving this term the required sign .
we have seen that is likely to be negative where is positive , giving this term the [] sign .

All recognized banks ( and all other institutions within the officially defined monetary sector ) are required to keep cash balances in the Bank of England to the value of l/2 per cent of their eligible liabilities .
all recognized banks ( and all other institutions within the officially defined monetary sector ) are [] to keep cash balances in the bank of england to the value of l/2 per cent of their eligible liabilities .

Before 1981 , these assets were known as  reserve assets  and banks were required to hold a 12 per cent  reserve assets ratio  .
before 1981 , these assets were known as  reserve assets  and banks were [] to hold a 12 per cent  reserve assets ratio  .

It monitors the activity of banks , which are required to submit monthly reports to it , and it attempts to spot any bank that is likely to face difficulties .
it monitors the activity of banks , which are [] to submit monthly reports to it , and it attempts to spot any bank that is likely to face difficulties .

In the past , the Bank of England has required banks to hold a certain liquidity ratio and has specified those assets that were to count as liquid ( see page 662 ) .
in the past , the bank of england has [] banks to hold a certain liquidity ratio and has specified those assets that were to count as liquid ( see page 662 ) .

Since money is a medium of exchange , it is required for conducting transactions .
since money is a medium of exchange , it is [] for conducting transactions .

Banks can be required to deposit a given percentage of their deposits in a special account at the Bank of England .
banks can be [] to deposit a given percentage of their deposits in a special account at the bank of england .

With an inelastic demand for loans , interest rates may have to rise to very high levels in order to bring the required reduction in monetary growth .
with an inelastic demand for loans , interest rates may have to rise to very high levels in order to bring the [] reduction in monetary growth .

The amount of icing sugar needed can not be exact , as it depends upon the consistency of icing required for the use you have in mind .
the amount of icing sugar needed can not be exact , as it depends upon the consistency of icing [] for the use you have in mind .

Adjust the quantities for the amount required using the same quantities of icing sugar and egg white .
adjust the quantities for the amount [] using the same quantities of icing sugar and egg white .

Colour as required and wrap in cling film or in a polythene bag to prevent drying out .
colour as [] and wrap in cling film or in a polythene bag to prevent drying out .

Cling film or polythene bags are required for keeping unused icing tightly wrapped and air-free at all times , as otherwise it quickly dries out .
cling film or polythene bags are [] for keeping unused icing tightly wrapped and air-free at all times , as otherwise it quickly dries out .

Place the cake tin on the paper ( double thickness if required ) , base down , and draw around the edges with a pencil .
place the cake tin on the paper ( double thickness if [] ) , base down , and draw around the edges with a pencil .

Place the cake tin on the paper ( double thickness if required ) , base down , and mark around it with a pencil .
place the cake tin on the paper ( double thickness if [] ) , base down , and mark around it with a pencil .

However , if a hard smooth surface is required royal icing is very effective .
however , if a hard smooth surface is [] royal icing is very effective .

Leave to harden for about 24 hours before , if a very professional finish is required , applying a second and then a third thin coat .
leave to harden for about 24 hours before , if a very professional finish is [] , applying a second and then a third thin coat .

If a darker shade is required , knead more colour in .
if a darker shade is [] , knead more colour in .

The bag is then ready for filling : snip off the tip of the cone to the size of hole required .
the bag is then ready for filling : snip off the tip of the cone to the size of hole [] .

Insert the required nozzle , if using , into the bag and spoon in the icing so that the bag is no more than two-thirds full .
insert the [] nozzle , if using , into the bag and spoon in the icing so that the bag is no more than two-thirds full .

Move your hand slowly and smoothly along the required line and stop squeezing a little before you reach the end of the line ( because the flow continues after the pressure ceases ) .
move your hand slowly and smoothly along the [] line and stop squeezing a little before you reach the end of the line ( because the flow continues after the pressure ceases ) .

First pipe vertical straight lines over the required area , evenly spaced apart ( use the writing nozzle for this ) .
first pipe vertical straight lines over the [] area , evenly spaced apart ( use the writing nozzle for this ) .

Draw or trace the required outline on to non-stick paper .
draw or trace the [] outline on to non-stick paper .

For specific shapes such as a rectangle or semi-circle , where the shape is cut out to the exact dimensions required , card could be used .
for specific shapes such as a rectangle or semi-circle , where the shape is cut out to the exact dimensions [] , card could be used .

Although the cake and fondant icing can be prepared a week or so in advance if required , the chocolate work on this cake is best left until nearer the day .
although the cake and fondant icing can be prepared a week or so in advance if [] , the chocolate work on this cake is best left until nearer the day .

The plump body of the clown is made from partly-filled pudding basins to give the shallow domes required .
the plump body of the clown is made from partly-filled pudding basins to give the shallow domes [] .

( Leave some tentacles without candles if less are required . )
( leave some tentacles without candles if less are [] . )

Colour half the remaining fondant yellow ( keep unused fondant tightly wrapped to prevent drying ) , with a little brown added if required to give the appropriate wall shade .
colour half the remaining fondant yellow ( keep unused fondant tightly wrapped to prevent drying ) , with a little brown added if [] to give the appropriate wall shade .

The special tube shapes for the rocket are achieved by baking cake mixture in empty food cans just make up the required raw cake quantity as shown in the chart on page 12 .
the special tube shapes for the rocket are achieved by baking cake mixture in empty food cans just make up the [] raw cake quantity as shown in the chart on page 12 .

The  if not  prefix was interpreted by many respondents to mean that a  yes  to question 1 logically required a  no  to question 2 .
the  if not  prefix was interpreted by many respondents to mean that a  yes  to question 1 logically [] a  no  to question 2 .

Question 3 Should sole practitioners routinely be required to provide an accountant 's report every six months
question 3 should sole practitioners routinely be [] to provide an accountant 's report every six months

Another view was that six-monthly reports should only be required in relation to those firms ( regardless of size ) that had already been late in delivering their annual reports .
another view was that six-monthly reports should only be [] in relation to those firms ( regardless of size ) that had already been late in delivering their annual reports .

Some sole practitioners pointed out their accountants already visited twice a year at the firms ' request , but the majority complained about the cost of the proposal and queried whether or not the whole profession would be required to comply .
some sole practitioners pointed out their accountants already visited twice a year at the firms ' request , but the majority complained about the cost of the proposal and queried whether or not the whole profession would be [] to comply .

Question 8 Should all practices be required to appoint an accounts compliance partner ?
question 8 should all practices be [] to appoint an accounts compliance partner ?

This echoed the view of a number of solicitor respondents , one of whom argued that sole practitioners should be required to change their accountant annually ; whilst others said sole practitioners should be prohibited from instructioning sole practitioner accountants .
this echoed the view of a number of solicitor respondents , one of whom argued that sole practitioners should be [] to change their accountant annually ; whilst others said sole practitioners should be prohibited from instructioning sole practitioner accountants .

all firms should be required to appoint a qualified legal cashier , who should undertake regular training ;
all firms should be [] to appoint a qualified legal cashier , who should undertake regular training ;

there should be a capital adequacy requirement for solicitors similar to that required from firms dealing in investment business under the Financial Services Act ;
there should be a capital adequacy requirement for solicitors similar to that [] from firms dealing in investment business under the financial services act ;

This would  remove the anomaly whereby even solicitors who do not handle money are required to contribute to the fund to the same extent that more  at risk  solicitors do  .
this would  remove the anomaly whereby even solicitors who do not handle money are [] to contribute to the fund to the same extent that more  at risk  solicitors do  .

No deaths or injuries , but a few hands waving feebly from under the pile of bodies indicated that rescue was required .
no deaths or injuries , but a few hands waving feebly from under the pile of bodies indicated that rescue was [] .

It was another of those things , like religion and women , that required policing to be resourceful in Cairo .
it was another of those things , like religion and women , that [] policing to be resourceful in cairo .

Major services are only required every 40,000 miles .
major services are only [] every 40,000 miles .

Effective Heating  The Clio is equipped with an airmix heating and ventilation system so that the heating matrix is hot at all times for immediate response when required .
effective heating  the clio is equipped with an airmix heating and ventilation system so that the heating matrix is hot at all times for immediate response when [] .

When non-exclusive fruit-eating passerines ( in Israel ) were kept on exclusively fruit diets , they lost weight as the protein digestibility increased : they ingested more energy and protein than was required but digested less , suggesting that the fruits may contain agents that reduce the efficiency of nitrogen metabolism , such that dispersal is improved because birds must move away from the fruit source to seek out insects or other animal proteins to balance their diet .
when non-exclusive fruit-eating passerines ( in israel ) were kept on exclusively fruit diets , they lost weight as the protein digestibility increased : they ingested more energy and protein than was [] but digested less , suggesting that the fruits may contain agents that reduce the efficiency of nitrogen metabolism , such that dispersal is improved because birds must move away from the fruit source to seek out insects or other animal proteins to balance their diet .

Research is still required to show how they were directed ; but Fetis reports that Bambini 's son played the harpsichord .
research is still [] to show how they were directed ; but fetis reports that bambini 's son played the harpsichord .

That at the age of 60 he still commanded support from the government and public is shown by various events in 1800 , linked with a competition for a second chef : ( The finalists were required to rehearse a new work and direct a public performance : sufficient evidence , if needed , of the central responsibility of the post . )
that at the age of 60 he still commanded support from the government and public is shown by various events in 1800 , linked with a competition for a second chef : ( the finalists were [] to rehearse a new work and direct a public performance : sufficient evidence , if needed , of the central responsibility of the post . )

Le Sueur 's tract in self-defence ( which contains the following words ) is lengthy ; the eulogy of Rey is preceded by an exceedingly detailed account of the skills required in an ideal chef d'orchestre .
le sueur 's tract in self-defence ( which contains the following words ) is lengthy ; the eulogy of rey is preceded by an exceedingly detailed account of the skills [] in an ideal chef d'orchestre .

One of the most fundamental concerns scoring : before a performance of one of these ballets can even be considered , it is obviously essential to know what kinds and numbers of musical forces are required .
one of the most fundamental concerns scoring : before a performance of one of these ballets can even be considered , it is obviously essential to know what kinds and numbers of musical forces are [] .

In this case 18 string players would be required : seven violins and four basses de violon to play the outer parts , and seven violas , divided 2-3-2 to play the inner three parts .
in this case 18 string players would be [] : seven violins and four basses de violon to play the outer parts , and seven violas , divided 2-3-2 to play the inner three parts .

One must hesitate before projecting these figures 25 years back in time , but it is already clear that for Les nopces de village there had to be at least two treble oboes , since two are required by the ritournelle to the rcit .
one must hesitate before projecting these figures 25 years back in time , but it is already clear that for les nopces de village there had to be at least two treble oboes , since two are [] by the ritournelle to the rcit .

Many early-music groups in England are required to work in a rapid manner because they do not enjoy the governmental or industrial sponsorship that allows some Continental ensembles to rehearse in a more leisurely ( and in a more experimental ) fashion .
many early-music groups in england are [] to work in a rapid manner because they do not enjoy the governmental or industrial sponsorship that allows some continental ensembles to rehearse in a more leisurely ( and in a more experimental ) fashion .

Shelley found herself with a woman whose slashed arm required urgent suturing .
shelley found herself with a woman whose slashed arm [] urgent suturing .

She knew , as she carried articles that required hanging up through to the wardrobes , that she was not going to tresspass any further on Ven 's generosity than to partake of a cup of tea with him .
she knew , as she carried articles that [] hanging up through to the wardrobes , that she was not going to tresspass any further on ven 's generosity than to partake of a cup of tea with him .

Calling on an acting ability not required since her childhood , she covered her patient with a cotton blanket and then hitched up each leg in turn and strapped them into the lithotomy stirrups , thus trapping the hoaxer until the joke had run its course .
calling on an acting ability not [] since her childhood , she covered her patient with a cotton blanket and then hitched up each leg in turn and strapped them into the lithotomy stirrups , thus trapping the hoaxer until the joke had run its course .

His body was extremely fit , not an ounce of surplus flesh on him , and every trained muscle and sinew was ready to act in a split-second to whatever the brain required of it .
his body was extremely fit , not an ounce of surplus flesh on him , and every trained muscle and sinew was ready to act in a split-second to whatever the brain [] of it .

Every new action required rolling over , so that they were pretty near spent by now .
every new action [] rolling over , so that they were pretty near spent by now .

So she did not need to go on the offensive and was not required to fight .
so she did not need to go on the offensive and was not [] to fight .

The tiles had taken a month to arrive , and if a replacement batch was required it would mean her hanging fire on the commission for another four weeks .
the tiles had taken a month to arrive , and if a replacement batch was [] it would mean her hanging fire on the commission for another four weeks .

This may have occurred in the western Pacific Ocean where the age of the lithosphere presently being subducted indicates that cooling over a period of about 180 200 Ma is required for this process of spontaneous subduction to occur .
this may have occurred in the western pacific ocean where the age of the lithosphere presently being subducted indicates that cooling over a period of about 180 200 ma is [] for this process of spontaneous subduction to occur .

The extent of crustal shortening required implies a vast degree of underthrusting by continental lithosphere , extensive crustal compression , crustal deformation over an extensive area behind the suture zone , or a combination of two or more of these effects .
the extent of crustal shortening [] implies a vast degree of underthrusting by continental lithosphere , extensive crustal compression , crustal deformation over an extensive area behind the suture zone , or a combination of two or more of these effects .

This may be because lower stresses are required for the formation of new thrust faults on its margin than are needed to elevate the entire Tibetan Plateau .
this may be because lower stresses are [] for the formation of new thrust faults on its margin than are needed to elevate the entire tibetan plateau .

As several million years are required for the transfer of a significant amount of heat to the surface of continental lithosphere , it has been suggested that hot spots are most likely to develop where the lithosphere is more or less stationary with respect to sub-lithospheric thermal anomalies as this would allow time for sustained heating to occur .
as several million years are [] for the transfer of a significant amount of heat to the surface of continental lithosphere , it has been suggested that hot spots are most likely to develop where the lithosphere is more or less stationary with respect to sub-lithospheric thermal anomalies as this would allow time for sustained heating to occur .

What is required is a mechanism for thinning the lithosphere during the heating phase so that when it cools and subsides a region of negative relief is formed .
what is [] is a mechanism for thinning the lithosphere during the heating phase so that when it cools and subsides a region of negative relief is formed .

Taking into account the volume of erupted volcanic material lying both on and below the surface of the ocean floor , it can be estimated that a minimum construction rate of between 0.005 and 0.01 km 3 a- 1 is required for a volcanic island to be produced in 1 Ma on lithosphere between 20 and 40 Ma old .
taking into account the volume of erupted volcanic material lying both on and below the surface of the ocean floor , it can be estimated that a minimum construction rate of between 0.005 and 0.01 km 3 a- 1 is [] for a volcanic island to be produced in 1 ma on lithosphere between 20 and 40 ma old .

The length of time required for a solid to flow rather than fracture is known as its rheidity and the type of flow produced is termed rheid flow .
the length of time [] for a solid to flow rather than fracture is known as its rheidity and the type of flow produced is termed rheid flow .

Figure 6.16 illustrates the way in which the four environmental factors influence both the thermodynamics and kinetics of weathering reactions by indicating the conditions required for maximum rates of weathering to be attained .
figure 6.16 illustrates the way in which the four environmental factors influence both the thermodynamics and kinetics of weathering reactions by indicating the conditions [] for maximum rates of weathering to be attained .

In addition a humid climate is required together with sufficient relief for extensive vertical water flow down to a regional water table deep below the surface .
in addition a humid climate is [] together with sufficient relief for extensive vertical water flow down to a regional water table deep below the surface .

The central functions required to service the large mainframes are no longer perceived to be necessary on the scale they once were with the development of distributed end-user computing and communications , and a generation of users who are not only  literate  but competent technically .
the central functions [] to service the large mainframes are no longer perceived to be necessary on the scale they once were with the development of distributed end-user computing and communications , and a generation of users who are not only  literate  but competent technically .

Those sending e-mail messages might have to fill in communication protocols which not only identified themselves and the recipients of their message , but required the inclusion of indexing terms and a decision on archiving .
those sending e-mail messages might have to fill in communication protocols which not only identified themselves and the recipients of their message , but [] the inclusion of indexing terms and a decision on archiving .

There is definitely some collaborative work to be done here between the legal and records management people to establish what is required before computing personnel can hope to try and address this for us via their own skills or pressure on manufacturers .
there is definitely some collaborative work to be done here between the legal and records management people to establish what is [] before computing personnel can hope to try and address this for us via their own skills or pressure on manufacturers .

The Defendants had to prove these communications were not records because if they were deemed records then the records management responsibility clearly stated each agency  maintain an active , continuing programme for the economical and efficient management of the records of the agency  with  safeguards against the removal or loss of records he ( the agency head ) determines to be necessary and required by the Archivist .
the defendants had to prove these communications were not records because if they were deemed records then the records management responsibility clearly stated each agency  maintain an active , continuing programme for the economical and efficient management of the records of the agency  with  safeguards against the removal or loss of records he ( the agency head ) determines to be necessary and [] by the archivist .

The technical skills required to recommission , repair and maintain such machines are still available .
the technical skills [] to recommission , repair and maintain such machines are still available .

To give some flavour of the possibilities , we represent below a header for the same text[5] first using the minimal level of required encoding :
to give some flavour of the possibilities , we represent below a header for the same text[5] first using the minimal level of [] encoding :

In addition to the records which are required for statutory purposes , organisations may also be required to retain records for statistical purposes , for national and international governmental bodies .
in addition to the records which are [] for statutory purposes , organisations may also be [] to retain records for statistical purposes , for national and international governmental bodies .

Finally , organisations may be required to maintain records to satisfy rules imposed by the professional bodies , such as the Chartered Institute of Accountants and the Law Society .
finally , organisations may be [] to maintain records to satisfy rules imposed by the professional bodies , such as the chartered institute of accountants and the law society .

In the event of a civil law dispute ( as opposed to criminal law cases ) actually reaching court , the parties to the dispute are required to give mutual discovery of all documents relevant to the dispute .
in the event of a civil law dispute ( as opposed to criminal law cases ) actually reaching court , the parties to the dispute are [] to give mutual discovery of all documents relevant to the dispute .

Data users are therefore required to maintain the confidentiality of the data , the accuracy of the data , and be able to satisfy the right to access the data and correct it if necessary .
data users are therefore [] to maintain the confidentiality of the data , the accuracy of the data , and be able to satisfy the right to access the data and correct it if necessary .

Consequently , data which are collected for one particular analysis or processing application are unsuitable where they are required elsewhere for a different purpose .
consequently , data which are collected for one particular analysis or processing application are unsuitable where they are [] elsewhere for a different purpose .

There is not much point in delivering information in a manageable and flexible format if the skills required to perform even the most trivial tasks with those data are not widely available .
there is not much point in delivering information in a manageable and flexible format if the skills [] to perform even the most trivial tasks with those data are not widely available .

This is no easy task when we consider that what is required is some competence in a range of applications software and a degree of sensitivity to the data modelling and analytical problems that historical source material and historical research involve .
this is no easy task when we consider that what is [] is some competence in a range of applications software and a degree of sensitivity to the data modelling and analytical problems that historical source material and historical research involve .

But should we assume the same training is required by the lion 's share of our undergraduates who are not destined for academic careers ?
but should we assume the same training is [] by the lion 's share of our undergraduates who are not destined for academic careers ?

Some training in computer methods and applications should be required for all university students irrespective of their subject , and this should be provided by a service teaching department .
some training in computer methods and applications should be [] for all university students irrespective of their subject , and this should be provided by a service teaching department .

What is required is the education and assistance of users if their research depends on access to a multiplicity of databases and catalogues , to understand the construction of electronic catalogues , their associated approaches to subject indexing and cataloguing .
what is [] is the education and assistance of users if their research depends on access to a multiplicity of databases and catalogues , to understand the construction of electronic catalogues , their associated approaches to subject indexing and cataloguing .

Campus technology infrastructure developments are required as an essential support to the emerging  virtual library  .
campus technology infrastructure developments are [] as an essential support to the emerging  virtual library  .

Research is required into how the working patterns of scholars are likely to change to cope with the complexity and variety of information sources available to them , and what support they will require in this information seeking process .
research is [] into how the working patterns of scholars are likely to change to cope with the complexity and variety of information sources available to them , and what support they will require in this information seeking process .

An essential part of the research process is to be able to locate the data required as quickly and easily as possible .
an essential part of the research process is to be able to locate the data [] as quickly and easily as possible .

particular or special documentation is required in order that the data may be fully exploited ;
particular or special documentation is [] in order that the data may be fully exploited ;

particular activities ( such as training courses , specialist catalogues etc ) are required in order to ensure that possible users of the data can be made aware of their potential .
particular activities ( such as training courses , specialist catalogues etc ) are [] in order to ensure that possible users of the data can be made aware of their potential .

The conditions of use to which all users are required to agree insist among other things that users should not attempt to identify particular individuals or households , that the data should only be used for academic purposes , and that any publications which make extensive use of the data should acknowledge this .
the conditions of use to which all users are [] to agree insist among other things that users should not attempt to identify particular individuals or households , that the data should only be used for academic purposes , and that any publications which make extensive use of the data should acknowledge this .

An obvious advantage can be seen in the reduction of the physical storage space required to keep machine-readable records , and in this regard optical scanning may also prove beneficial in alleviating current storage problems ( van Horik 1992 ) .
an obvious advantage can be seen in the reduction of the physical storage space [] to keep machine-readable records , and in this regard optical scanning may also prove beneficial in alleviating current storage problems ( van horik 1992 ) .

But the skills required to produce the necessary documentation giving details of the provenance of electronic records , enabling the future researcher to determine how the information was collected and stored , why it was collected and the responsibility for the collection , are markedly different from those displayed in conventional archival practise .
but the skills [] to produce the necessary documentation giving details of the provenance of electronic records , enabling the future researcher to determine how the information was collected and stored , why it was collected and the responsibility for the collection , are markedly different from those displayed in conventional archival practise .

In addition to the administrative setting of the record , a detailed account of the technical environment in which the record was created is also required  for example , did encoding of information take place , and if so how was this performed ?
in addition to the administrative setting of the record , a detailed account of the technical environment in which the record was created is also []  for example , did encoding of information take place , and if so how was this performed ?

In so far as its obstinate traditionalism prevented it from doing what political economy required , it had to be made to .
in so far as its obstinate traditionalism prevented it from doing what political economy [] , it had to be made to .

Population movements and industrialisation go together , for the modern economic development of the world both required substantial shifts of people , made it technically easier and cheaper by means of new and improved communications , and of course enabled the world to maintain a much larger population .
population movements and industrialisation go together , for the modern economic development of the world both [] substantial shifts of people , made it technically easier and cheaper by means of new and improved communications , and of course enabled the world to maintain a much larger population .

Otherwise they found employment above all in those two great occupations which required no special skills unfamiliar to countrymen , building and transport .
otherwise they found employment above all in those two great occupations which [] no special skills unfamiliar to countrymen , building and transport .

There is equally little doubt that at this period , when the idea of tearing out ancient roots was still strange and terrifying to most people , some kind of cataclysmic force was still required to drive them into the unknown .
there is equally little doubt that at this period , when the idea of tearing out ancient roots was still strange and terrifying to most people , some kind of cataclysmic force was still [] to drive them into the unknown .

It was in thinly populated regions at or beyond the frontiers of settlement overseas , where shifting bodies of labourers were required , that such groups of genuinely unattached and floating individuals made their presence felt as a group , or were at least more  visible  .
it was in thinly populated regions at or beyond the frontiers of settlement overseas , where shifting bodies of labourers were [] , that such groups of genuinely unattached and floating individuals made their presence felt as a group , or were at least more  visible  .

But even in Britain and France new ways of mobilising these savings , of channelling them into the required enterprises , of organising joint-stock rather than privately financed activities , had to be devised .
but even in britain and france new ways of mobilising these savings , of channelling them into the [] enterprises , of organising joint-stock rather than privately financed activities , had to be devised .

How far were such new ways of mobilising capital required ?
how far were such new ways of mobilising capital [] ?

But though this hope might be enough for some who were actually to lift themselves out of the working class , and perhaps also for a greater number who never got beyond dreaming of success as they read Samuel Smiles 's Self-Help ( 1859 ) or similar handbooks , it was perfectly evident that most workers would remain workers all their lives , and indeed that the economic system required them to do so .
but though this hope might be enough for some who were actually to lift themselves out of the working class , and perhaps also for a greater number who never got beyond dreaming of success as they read samuel smiles 's self-help ( 1859 ) or similar handbooks , it was perfectly evident that most workers would remain workers all their lives , and indeed that the economic system [] them to do so .

But if they would work no more and no faster than the job required , they would work no slower and no less : nobody had to give them a special incentive to give of their best .
but if they would work no more and no faster than the job [] , they would work no slower and no less : nobody had to give them a special incentive to give of their best .

a task for which , curiously , she was required to show , or to possess , neither intelligence nor knowledge (  Be good sweet maid and let who will be clever  , as Charles Kingsley put it ) . This was not merely because the new function of the bourgeois wife , to show off the capacity of the bourgeois husband to keep her in leisure and luxury , conflicted with the old functions of actually running a household , but also because her inferiority to the man must be demonstrable :
a task for which , curiously , she was [] to show , or to possess , neither intelligence nor knowledge (  be good sweet maid and let who will be clever  , as charles kingsley put it ) . this was not merely because the new function of the bourgeois wife , to show off the capacity of the bourgeois husband to keep her in leisure and luxury , conflicted with the old functions of actually running a household , but also because her inferiority to the man must be demonstrable :

However , this pretty , ignorant and idiotic slave was also required to exercise mastery ; not so much over the children , whose lord was once again the pater familias , as over the servants , whose presence distinguished the bourgeois from his social inferiors .
however , this pretty , ignorant and idiotic slave was also [] to exercise mastery ; not so much over the children , whose lord was once again the pater familias , as over the servants , whose presence distinguished the bourgeois from his social inferiors .

They required a large number of available sons and daughters , but there was no shortage of these , and hence  unlike among the French peasantry which required one and only one heir to take over the family holding  no strong incentive to birth control , except among the poor and struggling lower middle class .
they [] a large number of available sons and daughters , but there was no shortage of these , and hence  unlike among the french peasantry which [] one and only one heir to take over the family holding  no strong incentive to birth control , except among the poor and struggling lower middle class .

Despite Ken 's protests , Pertwee was appointed as a  utility man  , an actor who could do anything when it was required , a couple of lines here , a longer speech there .
despite ken 's protests , pertwee was appointed as a  utility man  , an actor who could do anything when it was [] , a couple of lines here , a longer speech there .

But there was the required amount of glamour in the movie , largely through the introduction of Anita Harris , who had been both hit pop singer and dancer before moving on to the  Carry On  lot .
but there was the [] amount of glamour in the movie , largely through the introduction of anita harris , who had been both hit pop singer and dancer before moving on to the  carry on  lot .

Once , the script required him to jump through a plate-glass window .
once , the script [] him to jump through a plate-glass window .

They required considerable breathing practice .
they [] considerable breathing practice .

With rare exceptions the classical economists took it for granted that a reduction in the money-wage rate would be translated into the all important reduction in the real-wage rate which was required by marginal productivity theory .
with rare exceptions the classical economists took it for granted that a reduction in the money-wage rate would be translated into the all important reduction in the real-wage rate which was [] by marginal productivity theory .

For a start the required reduction in the price level may have to be very large indeed before it has a significant impact on aggregate spending .
for a start the [] reduction in the price level may have to be very large indeed before it has a significant impact on aggregate spending .

The involuntary nature of Keynesian unemployment arises , as we saw earlier , from the inability of either workers or employers directly to exert the downward pressure on the real wage rate that was required by the marginal productivity theory of the demand for labour .
the involuntary nature of keynesian unemployment arises , as we saw earlier , from the inability of either workers or employers directly to exert the downward pressure on the real wage rate that was [] by the marginal productivity theory of the demand for labour .

Expansionary monetary and fiscal policies will ultimately produce the required fall in the real wage rate which adherence to the marginal productivity theory of the demand for labour entails .
expansionary monetary and fiscal policies will ultimately produce the [] fall in the real wage rate which adherence to the marginal productivity theory of the demand for labour entails .

Consider the assumptions which are required before we can regard the marginal productivity of labour curve as the actual demand curve for labour .
consider the assumptions which are [] before we can regard the marginal productivity of labour curve as the actual demand curve for labour .

On the other hand a more appropriate short-run assumption is that labour and capital are combined in fixed proportions : x men , no more and no less , are required to work y machines .
on the other hand a more appropriate short-run assumption is that labour and capital are combined in fixed proportions : x men , no more and no less , are [] to work y machines .

In the case of general unemployment where the required fall in the real wage rate  the reader will recall that Keynes accepted the marginal productivity theory of the demand for labour  would not be forthcoming even if perfect competition were the rule in all markets .
in the case of general unemployment where the [] fall in the real wage rate  the reader will recall that keynes accepted the marginal productivity theory of the demand for labour  would not be forthcoming even if perfect competition were the rule in all markets .

Not only must the mean value of v t be zero , as required in equation ( 7.2 ) , but the prediction error must also not be systematically correlated with lagged values of itself .
not only must the mean value of v t be zero , as [] in equation ( 7.2 ) , but the prediction error must also not be systematically correlated with lagged values of itself .

The plaint records the filing at court by the plaintiff of the documents required to begin the proceedings ( see further below ) .
the plaint records the filing at court by the plaintiff of the documents [] to begin the proceedings ( see further below ) .

Originating applications form a residual category , being the appropriate originating process for any proceedings authorised to be brought in a county court and not required by any Act or rule to be commenced otherwise .
originating applications form a residual category , being the appropriate originating process for any proceedings authorised to be brought in a county court and not [] by any act or rule to be commenced otherwise .

The methods of service of the documents required by the Rules are considered in Chapter 7 .
the methods of service of the documents [] by the rules are considered in chapter 7 .

The time for defence is then extended to four days after either the Crown gives notice to the court and to the plaintiff that it is satisfied with the information given , or the court decides that no further information is required .
the time for defence is then extended to four days after either the crown gives notice to the court and to the plaintiff that it is satisfied with the information given , or the court decides that no further information is [] .

Where a money claim is made on behalf of a person under disability , the approval of the court is required to any settlement , compromise , or payment into court .
where a money claim is made on behalf of a person under disability , the approval of the court is [] to any settlement , compromise , or payment into court .

There should be served with a pleading a copy of any document referred to in it ( with certified translation in English if required ) ( Ord 7 , rr 10 and 13 ( as amended ) ) .
there should be served with a pleading a copy of any document referred to in it ( with certified translation in english if [] ) ( ord 7 , rr 10 and 13 ( as amended ) ) .

Where personal service of a document is required , it may be served by a court bailiff , or if the person to be served attends and is present at court , or in the court office , by any other officer of the court .
where personal service of a document is [] , it may be served by a court bailiff , or if the person to be served attends and is present at court , or in the court office , by any other officer of the court .

An affidavit of service is only required where no defence or other evidence of service is available and judgment in default is being sought .
an affidavit of service is only [] where no defence or other evidence of service is available and judgment in default is being sought .

If substituted service by advertisement is required , a draft of the advertisement must be submitted to the district judge to settle .
if substituted service by advertisement is [] , a draft of the advertisement must be submitted to the district judge to settle .

An affidavit of service is required where no defence or other evidence of service is available and the plaintiff is seeking judgment by default .
an affidavit of service is [] where no defence or other evidence of service is available and the plaintiff is seeking judgment by default .

Where an originating process is sent by post ( first class as required ) , the date of service is deemed to be seven days thereafter unless the contrary is proved ( Ord 7 , r 10 ( 3 ) ; Ord 3 rr 4  6 ) .
where an originating process is sent by post ( first class as [] ) , the date of service is deemed to be seven days thereafter unless the contrary is proved ( ord 7 , r 10 ( 3 ) ; ord 3 rr 4  6 ) .

Where the solicitor accepts service , no affidavit of service is required .
where the solicitor accepts service , no affidavit of service is [] .

Where leave is required to serve out of the jurisdiction ( leave is not always needed  see Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 ) the period is six months .
where leave is [] to serve out of the jurisdiction ( leave is not always needed  see civil jurisdiction and judgments act 1982 ) the period is six months .

[ The request for summons and the particulars of claim must contain the certificates required by Ord 3 , r 3 ( 5 )  ( 8 ) or r 4 ( 7 ) .
[ the request for summons and the particulars of claim must contain the certificates [] by ord 3 , r 3 ( 5 )  ( 8 ) or r 4 ( 7 ) .

Service of an interlocutory process out of England and Wales is permissible with the leave of the court on a person who is already a party to the proceedings and who in the case of a defendant , respondent or third party , has been served with the originating process but leave shall not be required for such service in any proceedings in which the originating process may by these rules or under any Act be served out of England and Wales without leave , ( Ord 8 , rr 1 and 4 ) .
service of an interlocutory process out of england and wales is permissible with the leave of the court on a person who is already a party to the proceedings and who in the case of a defendant , respondent or third party , has been served with the originating process but leave shall not be [] for such service in any proceedings in which the originating process may by these rules or under any act be served out of england and wales without leave , ( ord 8 , rr 1 and 4 ) .

Where the admission is sent direct to the plaintiff and the offer is accepted , the plaintiff is not required to file the admission ( or a copy ) with the request for judgment .
where the admission is sent direct to the plaintiff and the offer is accepted , the plaintiff is not [] to file the admission ( or a copy ) with the request for judgment .

Where a defendant sends a document to the plaintiff instead of to the court , the plaintiff is required to send it to the court straight away .
where a defendant sends a document to the plaintiff instead of to the court , the plaintiff is [] to send it to the court straight away .

( 1 ) Where the whole amount is paid to the plaintiff ( including interest to payment in if claimed ) the action is stayed save as to costs , or where an order for payment out is required , or where hospital expenses are claimed ( Ord 11 , rr 2 ( 1 ) , 4 and 6 ) .
( 1 ) where the whole amount is paid to the plaintiff ( including interest to payment in if claimed ) the action is stayed save as to costs , or where an order for payment out is [] , or where hospital expenses are claimed ( ord 11 , rr 2 ( 1 ) , 4 and 6 ) .

However if an order for payment out is required under Ord 11 , r 4 ( 2 ) , or if a legal aid certificate is in force in favour of the defendant , then the plaintiff must apply for his judgment and order for costs ( Ord 11 , r 2 ( 3 ) ( b ) ; ss 12 and 17 ( 1 ) of the Legal Aid Act 1988 and reg 124 of the Civil Legal Aid ( General ) Regulations 1989 ) .
however if an order for payment out is [] under ord 11 , r 4 ( 2 ) , or if a legal aid certificate is in force in favour of the defendant , then the plaintiff must apply for his judgment and order for costs ( ord 11 , r 2 ( 3 ) ( b ) ; ss 12 and 17 ( 1 ) of the legal aid act 1988 and reg 124 of the civil legal aid ( general ) regulations 1989 ) .

If the plaintiff fails to give notice of acceptance within the time limited by the rules , he may still give notice at any time before the hearing of the action begins , but an order for payment out of court is then required , and the court may order the plaintiff to pay the defendant 's costs reasonably incurred since the date of payment into court ( Ord 11 , r 5 ) .
if the plaintiff fails to give notice of acceptance within the time limited by the rules , he may still give notice at any time before the hearing of the action begins , but an order for payment out of court is then [] , and the court may order the plaintiff to pay the defendant 's costs reasonably incurred since the date of payment into court ( ord 11 , r 5 ) .

If an order for costs or additional costs is required to be made , the time for applying is when an application is made for payment out of court .
if an order for costs or additional costs is [] to be made , the time for applying is when an application is made for payment out of court .

Applications by letter are now generally accepted in cases where no appointment is required .
applications by letter are now generally accepted in cases where no appointment is [] .

Certain ex parte applications are required to be made by affidavit , in which case the affidavit itself suffices as the application .
certain ex parte applications are [] to be made by affidavit , in which case the affidavit itself suffices as the application .

An estimate of the time required is helpful to the court .
an estimate of the time [] is helpful to the court .

An undertaking may be required from the applicant to be bound by the decision in a selected action , in the case , not usual in the county court , of a `` test action `` ( Ord 9 ) .
an undertaking may be [] from the applicant to be bound by the decision in a selected action , in the case , not usual in the county court , of a `` test action `` ( ord 9 ) .

Inspection of documents referred to in affidavits and pleadings may be required by a party ( Ord 14 , r 4 ) .
inspection of documents referred to in affidavits and pleadings may be [] by a party ( ord 14 , r 4 ) .

Where directions are required
where directions are []

( Note : Bundles will be required for the court , the witness and all parties . )
( note : bundles will be [] for the court , the witness and all parties . )

Subject to making such searches as may be required to obtain such affidavits and documents as it has been necessary to bespeak , the Filing and Record Department will send the listed documents to the county named in the Order .
subject to making such searches as may be [] to obtain such affidavits and documents as it has been necessary to bespeak , the filing and record department will send the listed documents to the county named in the order .

If fraud is in issue the consent is required of the party so charged to the making of an order for arbitration ( Ord 19 , r 2(5) ) .
if fraud is in issue the consent is [] of the party so charged to the making of an order for arbitration ( ord 19 , r 2(5) ) .

An outside arbitrator 's fees may be justified in those cases where an expert 's adjudication is required .
an outside arbitrator 's fees may be justified in those cases where an expert 's adjudication is [] .

It may well be necessary at the time of ordering a reference to a referee to agree the limits of his remuneration and to undertake to make payment thereof when called upon ; the district judge is required when the report is filed to fix the remuneration of the referee , unless it has been agreed ( Ord 19 , r 9(g) ( ii ) ) .
it may well be necessary at the time of ordering a reference to a referee to agree the limits of his remuneration and to undertake to make payment thereof when called upon ; the district judge is [] when the report is filed to fix the remuneration of the referee , unless it has been agreed ( ord 19 , r 9(g) ( ii ) ) .

The summons shall be issued not less than seven days before the date upon which attendance before the court is required unless the judge or district judge otherwise directs and shall be served on the witness not less than four days before the date upon which attendance before the court is required unless the judge or registrar otherwise directs .
the summons shall be issued not less than seven days before the date upon which attendance before the court is [] unless the judge or district judge otherwise directs and shall be served on the witness not less than four days before the date upon which attendance before the court is [] unless the judge or registrar otherwise directs .

An extension of time for compliance with the order may be required to be given at the time of endorsing the penal notice .
an extension of time for compliance with the order may be [] to be given at the time of endorsing the penal notice .

If the required documents are not so served , the court may specify a time limit for providing them , or make such order as it thinks fit , including dispensing with the requirements or staying proceedings .
if the [] documents are not so served , the court may specify a time limit for providing them , or make such order as it thinks fit , including dispensing with the requirements or staying proceedings .

The affidavit is not specifically required to deal with future loss but it is advisable to indicate what items are continuing so that the master or registrar has a global view of the case .
the affidavit is not specifically [] to deal with future loss but it is advisable to indicate what items are continuing so that the master or registrar has a global view of the case .

Such compromises are particularly important where the parties are embarking on the long-term and complicated relationship required for the supply of a turnkey system .
such compromises are particularly important where the parties are embarking on the long-term and complicated relationship [] for the supply of a turnkey system .

As for the class of goods , where commercial goods are concerned the party acquiring them presumably has some expertise in relation to them which gives him the capability to assess their quality or to understand if he needs to call in an expert assessor , so that less protection should be required in this case .
as for the class of goods , where commercial goods are concerned the party acquiring them presumably has some expertise in relation to them which gives him the capability to assess their quality or to understand if he needs to call in an expert assessor , so that less protection should be [] in this case .

The only practical problem encountered ( apart from cases where the proffered acknowledgement form was ignored , and the seller returned his own acknowledgement form or called for a special negotiation ) was that some sellers ' administrative systems required the issue of their own acknowledgement form before an order could be logged .
the only practical problem encountered ( apart from cases where the proffered acknowledgement form was ignored , and the seller returned his own acknowledgement form or called for a special negotiation ) was that some sellers ' administrative systems [] the issue of their own acknowledgement form before an order could be logged .

Most sellers will not wish to contract out of the right to sub-contract , since this gives them a very necessary flexibility in times of high demand , or if their own facilities can not produce the required goods for some reason .
most sellers will not wish to contract out of the right to sub-contract , since this gives them a very necessary flexibility in times of high demand , or if their own facilities can not produce the [] goods for some reason .

7.2 Should you use any personnel to execute work on our premises they shall be required to abide by the safety rules and other relevant regulations laid down by us from time to time .
7.2 should you use any personnel to execute work on our premises they shall be [] to abide by the safety rules and other relevant regulations laid down by us from time to time .

4.4 The Company will place purchase orders with the Supplier for quantities of the Products as and when required , and the Supplier shall accept the same , provided that all such orders will be placed so as to allow to the Supplier at least 90 days for delivery .
4.4 the company will place purchase orders with the supplier for quantities of the products as and when [] , and the supplier shall accept the same , provided that all such orders will be placed so as to allow to the supplier at least 90 days for delivery .

Solicitors in respect of their first three practising certificates are exempt from all contributions to the Fund ( whether or not they have held clients ' money ) , and in respect of their next three renewals are only required to pay one half of the full amount .
solicitors in respect of their first three practising certificates are exempt from all contributions to the fund ( whether or not they have held clients ' money ) , and in respect of their next three renewals are only [] to pay one half of the full amount .

Supervision of offices Rule 13 of the Solicitors ' Practice Rules 1991 sets out the minimum standards required .
supervision of offices rule 13 of the solicitors ' practice rules 1991 sets out the minimum standards [] .

Limited waivers may particularly be required and granted to deal with the hiatus caused by unforeseen death or illness .
limited waivers may particularly be [] and granted to deal with the hiatus caused by unforeseen death or illness .

The public legal obstacle having been removed , however , caution required that the final lifting of the ban depend upon the Law Society changing its rules .
the public legal obstacle having been removed , however , caution [] that the final lifting of the ban depend upon the law society changing its rules .

The overseas practitioner is , however , required to take out such insurance as may be reasonable having regard to the risks attached to the practice , local conditions and the availability of suitable insurance on reasonable terms .
the overseas practitioner is , however , [] to take out such insurance as may be reasonable having regard to the risks attached to the practice , local conditions and the availability of suitable insurance on reasonable terms .

Steps should be taken to eliminate conflicts of interest as soon as they arise and fee-sharing with non-lawyers should not be allowedamendment being required here to permit MDPs .
steps should be taken to eliminate conflicts of interest as soon as they arise and fee-sharing with non-lawyers should not be allowedamendment being [] here to permit mdps .

Registered foreign lawyers are required to pay a fee ( 280 for 1991/92 ) on first registration and an annual fee of an amount equal to two thirds of the current practising certificate fee in order to remain on the register .
registered foreign lawyers are [] to pay a fee ( 280 for 1991/92 ) on first registration and an annual fee of an amount equal to two thirds of the current practising certificate fee in order to remain on the register .

They are required to make contributions to the Compensation Fund , again at a reduced level , and their fees in relation to Investment Business certificates are also be reduced .
they are [] to make contributions to the compensation fund , again at a reduced level , and their fees in relation to investment business certificates are also be reduced .

Even then , of course , an indemnity is only as good as the persons required to give it : and if the equity partners themselves become bankrupt in the wake of the firm 's insolvency , the salaried partner is left exposed .
even then , of course , an indemnity is only as good as the persons [] to give it : and if the equity partners themselves become bankrupt in the wake of the firm 's insolvency , the salaried partner is left exposed .

Thus , when a partner retires , agreement may be reached with the continuing partners to exonerate or indemnify him from or against existing liabilities of the firm , and a new partner joining the firm in his place may be required to accept additional liability in that respect .
thus , when a partner retires , agreement may be reached with the continuing partners to exonerate or indemnify him from or against existing liabilities of the firm , and a new partner joining the firm in his place may be [] to accept additional liability in that respect .

Firms are now required to set up an internal complaints procedure `` which shall , inter alia , ensure that clients are informed whom to approach in the event of any problem with the service provided `` ( Solicitors ' Practice Rule 15 and see Chapter 5 ) .
firms are now [] to set up an internal complaints procedure `` which shall , inter alia , ensure that clients are informed whom to approach in the event of any problem with the service provided `` ( solicitors ' practice rule 15 and see chapter 5 ) .

Execution of the partnership agreement as a deed is only required when , and this will rarely be the case with solicitors ' firms , it seeks to transfer land or an interest in land : otherwise an agreement under hand will be sufficient .
execution of the partnership agreement as a deed is only [] when , and this will rarely be the case with solicitors ' firms , it seeks to transfer land or an interest in land : otherwise an agreement under hand will be sufficient .

It would not be unusual , however , to provide ( Clause 7.02 ) that new capital should be provided in the same proportions as the original contributions unless otherwise agreedwhich would at any rate provide the basis for subsequent negotiation when additional funding is found to be required .
it would not be unusual , however , to provide ( clause 7.02 ) that new capital should be provided in the same proportions as the original contributions unless otherwise agreedwhich would at any rate provide the basis for subsequent negotiation when additional funding is found to be [] .

The problem for the draftsman of a partnership agreement who specifies the initial ratio and provides that in future years it shall be as agreed between the partners at the beginning or end of each year is that the equal sharing required under the Partnership Act in default of agreement will always benefit at least one of the partners .
the problem for the draftsman of a partnership agreement who specifies the initial ratio and provides that in future years it shall be as agreed between the partners at the beginning or end of each year is that the equal sharing [] under the partnership act in default of agreement will always benefit at least one of the partners .

The choice does not have to lie between unanimity and a simple majority of the partners : frequently the required majority will be set at a higher level than 50 per cent plus one to reflect the importance of the matter under discussion .
the choice does not have to lie between unanimity and a simple majority of the partners : frequently the [] majority will be set at a higher level than 50 per cent plus one to reflect the importance of the matter under discussion .

It will make sense for the partnership agreement ( Clause 17.01 ) to contain appropriate details as to the election procedures and basic provisions as to the length of tenure and the circumstances in which a senior partner can be required to stand down .
it will make sense for the partnership agreement ( clause 17.01 ) to contain appropriate details as to the election procedures and basic provisions as to the length of tenure and the circumstances in which a senior partner can be [] to stand down .

Flexibility is bound to be required to take account , for example , of a sudden increase in a particular type of work , of a complex transaction of such importance that the partners dealing with it must be on constant standby , of parents wishing to be free during school holidays .
flexibility is bound to be [] to take account , for example , of a sudden increase in a particular type of work , of a complex transaction of such importance that the partners dealing with it must be on constant standby , of parents wishing to be free during school holidays .

( c ) Medicals In some firms partners are required to submit themselves to regular medical checks as a way of confirming their fitness to remain in harness or as a means of alerting their co-partners as to some future problem .
( c ) medicals in some firms partners are [] to submit themselves to regular medical checks as a way of confirming their fitness to remain in harness or as a means of alerting their co-partners as to some future problem .

The latter document should , of course , contain any provisions which may be peculiar to the new partner , especially as regards clarification of his status in the firm , his involvement in the decision making process and the precise extent of liabilities which he is required to undertake or against which he will be entitled to an indemnity ( see below ) .
the latter document should , of course , contain any provisions which may be peculiar to the new partner , especially as regards clarification of his status in the firm , his involvement in the decision making process and the precise extent of liabilities which he is [] to undertake or against which he will be entitled to an indemnity ( see below ) .

( b ) Capital As the capital resources of the firm will have been reduced by the amount required to acquire an outgoing partner 's share in the practice , so that may need to be recouped from the incoming partner ( possibly with additional contributions being needed from the continuing partners ) ; or , in the case of an increase in the number of partners , additional capital may be needed to finance new activities or new offices .
( b ) capital as the capital resources of the firm will have been reduced by the amount [] to acquire an outgoing partner 's share in the practice , so that may need to be recouped from the incoming partner ( possibly with additional contributions being needed from the continuing partners ) ; or , in the case of an increase in the number of partners , additional capital may be needed to finance new activities or new offices .

Leaving aside those equity partners who , exceptionally , are never obliged to put cash into the firm , as mentioned in Chapter 4 , the choice lies between : ( 1 ) seeking capital contributions when the new partner joins the firm , he borrowing the amount required as necessary ; or ( 2 ) allowing the new member of the firm to buy his way in over a period out of his profit share , appropriate restrictions on his drawings being imposed as `` security `` for the agreed payments .
leaving aside those equity partners who , exceptionally , are never obliged to put cash into the firm , as mentioned in chapter 4 , the choice lies between : ( 1 ) seeking capital contributions when the new partner joins the firm , he borrowing the amount [] as necessary ; or ( 2 ) allowing the new member of the firm to buy his way in over a period out of his profit share , appropriate restrictions on his drawings being imposed as `` security `` for the agreed payments .

The new partner 's capital share will be assessed accordingly and any required adjustments made to the shares of the other partners .
the new partner 's capital share will be assessed accordingly and any [] adjustments made to the shares of the other partners .

Circularisation along similar lines will also be required of the clients of all firms involved in a merger , and this exercise will be particularly useful in identifying any conflicts of interest .
circularisation along similar lines will also be [] of the clients of all firms involved in a merger , and this exercise will be particularly useful in identifying any conflicts of interest .

Besides notice to the clients , information as regards mergers and takeovers will be required to be given to the Law Society and to the Solicitors ' Indemnity Fund , to the Inland Revenue and to Customs and Excise  just as upon the starting up of any new firm .
besides notice to the clients , information as regards mergers and takeovers will be [] to be given to the law society and to the solicitors ' indemnity fund , to the inland revenue and to customs and excise  just as upon the starting up of any new firm .

Moreover , that agreement should be kept under constant scrutiny during the initial period after the merger and amended as necessary to take account of the adjustments which will almost certainly be required as a result of the new firm 's experiences .
moreover , that agreement should be kept under constant scrutiny during the initial period after the merger and amended as necessary to take account of the adjustments which will almost certainly be [] as a result of the new firm 's experiences .

Indeed , the particular circumstances of a departure can rarely be predicted , so that considerable flexibility may be required when the event occurs .
indeed , the particular circumstances of a departure can rarely be predicted , so that considerable flexibility may be [] when the event occurs .

Invariably the other partners will be required to serve a written notice upon their offending colleague and the expulsion will usually take immediate effect .
invariably the other partners will be [] to serve a written notice upon their offending colleague and the expulsion will usually take immediate effect .

In reality , further negotiation around the written provisions or worse , where no writing exists , negotiation from scratch will be required .
in reality , further negotiation around the written provisions or worse , where no writing exists , negotiation from scratch will be [] .

This means that expert determination is of little use in cases where international enforcement is required , as experts ' decisions can not be enforced like arbitration awards under the 1958 New York Convention or like judgments of courts of European Community countries under the 1968 Brussels Convention .
this means that expert determination is of little use in cases where international enforcement is [] , as experts ' decisions can not be enforced like arbitration awards under the 1958 new york convention or like judgments of courts of european community countries under the 1968 brussels convention .

The auditors may also be called upon to certify the adjustment of the option prices which employees are required to pay to acquire shares in companies under employee share schemes : adjustment of the prices is necessary after capital reorganisation or rights issues .
the auditors may also be called upon to certify the adjustment of the option prices which employees are [] to pay to acquire shares in companies under employee share schemes : adjustment of the prices is necessary after capital reorganisation or rights issues .

No Practice  shall be required to contest any legal proceedings unless a Queen 's Counsel ( to be mutually agreed upon or failing agreement to be appointed by the President of the [ Law ] Society for the time being ) shall advise that such proceedings should be contested .
no practice  shall be [] to contest any legal proceedings unless a queen 's counsel ( to be mutually agreed upon or failing agreement to be appointed by the president of the [ law ] society for the time being ) shall advise that such proceedings should be contested .

agreement had called for a `` report `` , but the Court of Appeal did not agree that the use of the word `` report `` required the expert to set out the reasoning or calculations which led to the conclusion .
agreement had called for a `` report `` , but the court of appeal did not agree that the use of the word `` report `` [] the expert to set out the reasoning or calculations which led to the conclusion .

For some reason not clear to me a theory has developed and is reflected in many decided cases to the effect that where the architect has agreed or is required to act fairly he becomes what has often been called a quasi-arbitrator  Persons who undertake to act fairly have often been called `` quasi-arbitrators `` .
for some reason not clear to me a theory has developed and is reflected in many decided cases to the effect that where the architect has agreed or is [] to act fairly he becomes what has often been called a quasi-arbitrator  persons who undertake to act fairly have often been called `` quasi-arbitrators `` .

This in turn diminishes the yield ( or rate of return ) required by an investor .
this in turn diminishes the yield ( or rate of return ) [] by an investor .

The following matters must be dealt with in drafting an option to renew : ( 1 ) the time at which it may be exercised ; ( 2 ) the manner in which it may be exercised ; ( 3 ) the conditions ( if any ) which the tenant is required to fulfil ; ( 4 ) the terms of the new lease ; ( 5 ) registration of the option .
the following matters must be dealt with in drafting an option to renew : ( 1 ) the time at which it may be exercised ; ( 2 ) the manner in which it may be exercised ; ( 3 ) the conditions ( if any ) which the tenant is [] to fulfil ; ( 4 ) the terms of the new lease ; ( 5 ) registration of the option .

Accordingly , the tenant should be required to supply regular certificates of his turnover , and there might also be a provision for the payment of interest on rent in case of delay in supplying them .
accordingly , the tenant should be [] to supply regular certificates of his turnover , and there might also be a provision for the payment of interest on rent in case of delay in supplying them .

Where the parties have not only required a step to be taken within a specified time but have expressly provided for the consequences in case of default , this provides an indication , of greater or less strength , that time is to be of the essence , but it is not necessarily decisive .
where the parties have not only [] a step to be taken within a specified time but have expressly provided for the consequences in case of default , this provides an indication , of greater or less strength , that time is to be of the essence , but it is not necessarily decisive .

The appointor is usually required to appoint `` an independent surveyor `` .
the appointor is usually [] to appoint `` an independent surveyor `` .

If judges carry out their duty of assessing damages for non-economic loss in the money of the day at the date of the trial  and this is a rule of practice that judges are required to follow , not a guideline from which they have a discretion to depart if there are special circumstances that justify their doing so  there are two routes by which the judge 's task of arriving at the appropriate conventional rate of interest to be applied to the damages so assessed can be approached .
if judges carry out their duty of assessing damages for non-economic loss in the money of the day at the date of the trial  and this is a rule of practice that judges are [] to follow , not a guideline from which they have a discretion to depart if there are special circumstances that justify their doing so  there are two routes by which the judge 's task of arriving at the appropriate conventional rate of interest to be applied to the damages so assessed can be approached .

It is here that reference will be required to particular previous awards and especially to those assessed or affirmed by the Court of Appeal .
it is here that reference will be [] to particular previous awards and especially to those assessed or affirmed by the court of appeal .

4.11 Medical expenses cover any form of service , treatment , medicine or appliance reasonably required .
4.11 medical expenses cover any form of service , treatment , medicine or appliance reasonably [] .

4.14 Normally , the measure of damage will be the sum expended to obtain the appliance or facility required plus its current running expenses .
4.14 normally , the measure of damage will be the sum expended to obtain the appliance or facility [] plus its current running expenses .

But sometimes the expenditure will result in the plaintiff acquiring an asset of a type that he would have required even if he had not been disabled , although he would not have required one with the special attributes of the asset in question .
but sometimes the expenditure will result in the plaintiff acquiring an asset of a type that he would have [] even if he had not been disabled , although he would not have [] one with the special attributes of the asset in question .

In the case of a listed company , it is likely that shareholders ' consent will be required in any event as the transaction is likely to be a `` Class 4 transaction `` ( acquisitions by director ) requiring Stock Exchange approval .
in the case of a listed company , it is likely that shareholders ' consent will be [] in any event as the transaction is likely to be a `` class 4 transaction `` ( acquisitions by director ) requiring stock exchange approval .

Extensive investigations into the business are normally required by the financial institutions , giving rise to charges by accountants , management consultants , actuaries , lawyers and other professional advisers .
extensive investigations into the business are normally [] by the financial institutions , giving rise to charges by accountants , management consultants , actuaries , lawyers and other professional advisers .

Reporting back to the investors on a regular basis rather than at the end of the process is likely to be advantageous to the investors , and is essential in larger transactions as interim action may be required as a result of the investigation process .
reporting back to the investors on a regular basis rather than at the end of the process is likely to be advantageous to the investors , and is essential in larger transactions as interim action may be [] as a result of the investigation process .

Most importantly , all professional advisers should be required to provide their reports well before the desired date for completing the buy-out , so that the reports can be studied and salient points brought into the negotiation of the sale and purchase agreement .
most importantly , all professional advisers should be [] to provide their reports well before the desired date for completing the buy-out , so that the reports can be studied and salient points brought into the negotiation of the sale and purchase agreement .

Close consideration of all of the target 's liabilities and commitments will be required .
close consideration of all of the target 's liabilities and commitments will be [] .

Often subsidiaries are required to guarantee or give charges in support of borrowings by the parent company or other companies in the group .
often subsidiaries are [] to guarantee or give charges in support of borrowings by the parent company or other companies in the group .

Another matter to be considered in detail will be any continuing services that are required by Newco .
another matter to be considered in detail will be any continuing services that are [] by newco .

Newco needs to decide how to obtain the services , the cost of establishing new systems and whether an interim period , during which services will continue to be supplied by the vendor , is required .
newco needs to decide how to obtain the services , the cost of establishing new systems and whether an interim period , during which services will continue to be supplied by the vendor , is [] .

Consent to a change of control is often required if a company has authorisation under statute , such as the Banking Act 1987 , Consumer Credit Act 1974 , Financial Services Act 1986 and the Civil Aviation Act 1982 .
consent to a change of control is often [] if a company has authorisation under statute , such as the banking act 1987 , consumer credit act 1974 , financial services act 1986 and the civil aviation act 1982 .

Consent to a change of control may be required by virtue of membership of a trade association or a self-regulatory organisation .
consent to a change of control may be [] by virtue of membership of a trade association or a self-regulatory organisation .

Different commercial requirements will throw up different tax considerations , not all of which can be covered comprehensively here , though it is hoped there is sufficient to indicate what further research will be required .
different commercial requirements will throw up different tax considerations , not all of which can be covered comprehensively here , though it is hoped there is sufficient to indicate what further research will be [] .

To obtain interest relief on loans to subscribe shares in a Newco which is to purchase the business of , rather than shares in , Target , it appears that management no longer has the difficulty of persuading the Revenue that Newco `` exists wholly or mainly for the purpose of carrying on a trade  `` , as required by s13A ( 2 ) ( a ) .
to obtain interest relief on loans to subscribe shares in a newco which is to purchase the business of , rather than shares in , target , it appears that management no longer has the difficulty of persuading the revenue that newco `` exists wholly or mainly for the purpose of carrying on a trade  `` , as [] by s13a ( 2 ) ( a ) .

There is a trap for the unwary where Newco is a close company and lends money to the trustees of an employee trust which holds shares in Newco , for example where funding is required to enable the trust to acquire further Newco shares .
there is a trap for the unwary where newco is a close company and lends money to the trustees of an employee trust which holds shares in newco , for example where funding is [] to enable the trust to acquire further newco shares .

This agency arrangement will terminate after a defined period of time , at which point Newco will be required to buy the uncollected trade debts for the amount of the interest-free loan which remains outstanding .
this agency arrangement will terminate after a defined period of time , at which point newco will be [] to buy the uncollected trade debts for the amount of the interest-free loan which remains outstanding .

Funding mechanisms are then required so that the profits of Target can be used to 'service `` Newco 's debt ( see 4.7 above ) .
funding mechanisms are then [] so that the profits of target can be used to 'service `` newco 's debt ( see 4.7 above ) .

This chapter is devoted to the main legal documents relevant to an equity investment in Newco before a management buy-out ; and , in particular , examines certain significant provisions commonly required in such documentation .
this chapter is devoted to the main legal documents relevant to an equity investment in newco before a management buy-out ; and , in particular , examines certain significant provisions commonly [] in such documentation .

The legal advisers to the managers should agree with the investors ' lawyers at an early stage exactly what is required to satisfy the conditions .
the legal advisers to the managers should agree with the investors ' lawyers at an early stage exactly what is [] to satisfy the conditions .

For example : In the event that any person or persons who was or were not a member or members of the Company on the date of the adoption of these Articles ( `` the Acquiring Member `` ) either alone or in concert ( as such expression is defined in the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ) with any other person ( s ) , shall become beneficially entitled to more than [ 50 ] % of the issued Ordinary Share Capital of the Company after the date of adoption of these Articles he shall forthwith be required to serve notice on each of the holders of the Ordinary Share Capital of the Company that he is so beneficially entitled and shall thereupon be bound to offer to purchase the remaining shares in the Ordinary Share Capital of the Company at a price per share ( `` the Acquisition Price `` ) equal to the highest price per share paid by the Acquiring Member for such shares in the Company acquired by him .
for example : in the event that any person or persons who was or were not a member or members of the company on the date of the adoption of these articles ( `` the acquiring member `` ) either alone or in concert ( as such expression is defined in the city code on takeovers and mergers ) with any other person ( s ) , shall become beneficially entitled to more than [ 50 ] % of the issued ordinary share capital of the company after the date of adoption of these articles he shall forthwith be [] to serve notice on each of the holders of the ordinary share capital of the company that he is so beneficially entitled and shall thereupon be bound to offer to purchase the remaining shares in the ordinary share capital of the company at a price per share ( `` the acquisition price `` ) equal to the highest price per share paid by the acquiring member for such shares in the company acquired by him .

The vendors ' first response to a request for warranties is likely to be that they should not be required to give any because the management knows far more about the day-to-day running of the company than they do .
the vendors ' first response to a request for warranties is likely to be that they should not be [] to give any because the management knows far more about the day-to-day running of the company than they do .

To ask for more can be counter-productive ; management may later be able to make a bargaining point of the fact that Newco has sought only those warranties that are required to satisfy the investors .
to ask for more can be counter-productive ; management may later be able to make a bargaining point of the fact that newco has sought only those warranties that are [] to satisfy the investors .

Warranties that would normally be required by a purchaser relate to accounts , events since the balance-sheet date , litigation , insurance , employees , intellectual property and the ability of Target to generate future cash flow and profits and protect the goodwill .
warranties that would normally be [] by a purchaser relate to accounts , events since the balance-sheet date , litigation , insurance , employees , intellectual property and the ability of target to generate future cash flow and profits and protect the goodwill .

( 3 ) Third , and most important , understand which of the assets used by the vendor are required by the purchaser and which are to be excluded and retained by the vendor .
( 3 ) third , and most important , understand which of the assets used by the vendor are [] by the purchaser and which are to be excluded and retained by the vendor .

In any event a vendor should always be required to quantify the potential tax charge .
in any event a vendor should always be [] to quantify the potential tax charge .

The main consents required are discussed later , but include landlord 's consent to assign leases and major customer 's or supplier 's consents to assign contracts .
the main consents [] are discussed later , but include landlord 's consent to assign leases and major customer 's or supplier 's consents to assign contracts .

For example , the purchaser may be required to make disclosures either under the rules of a stock exchange or pursuant to a court order .
for example , the purchaser may be [] to make disclosures either under the rules of a stock exchange or pursuant to a court order .

In addition where the property is leasehold the following further information is required : Lease details  confirmation of compliance with landlord 's and tenant 's covenants in the lease ; service charges ; insurance ; the need to obtain any consents to the assignment of the lease .
in addition where the property is leasehold the following further information is [] : lease details  confirmation of compliance with landlord 's and tenant 's covenants in the lease ; service charges ; insurance ; the need to obtain any consents to the assignment of the lease .

Often the articles of the holding company will provide that consent is required for the sale of the assets of the holding company and of any of its subsidiaries .
often the articles of the holding company will provide that consent is [] for the sale of the assets of the holding company and of any of its subsidiaries .

Sometimes the restriction is drafted so that consent is only required on the sale or disposal of a `` material `` part of the assets and undertaking .
sometimes the restriction is drafted so that consent is only [] on the sale or disposal of a `` material `` part of the assets and undertaking .

If in doubt the purchaser should insist that the vendor obtains from its shareholders either a consent or an acknowledgment that their consent is not required .
if in doubt the purchaser should insist that the vendor obtains from its shareholders either a consent or an acknowledgment that their consent is not [] .

If consent is required pursuant to the lease not only for the assignment of that lease but for sharing occupation or parting with possession of the property , the vendor who allows the purchaser into occupation pending consent to the assignment will breach the provisions of the lease .
if consent is [] pursuant to the lease not only for the assignment of that lease but for sharing occupation or parting with possession of the property , the vendor who allows the purchaser into occupation pending consent to the assignment will breach the provisions of the lease .

The purchaser will also normally be treated as a new applicant for listing , its securities will be suspended and it will be required to publish listing particulars .
the purchaser will also normally be treated as a new applicant for listing , its securities will be suspended and it will be [] to publish listing particulars .

Where it is only specific individual assets of a business that are transferred , a prohibition on competition on the vendor will not usually be required to protect the purchaser and is likely to infringe Article 85 ( 1 ) .
where it is only specific individual assets of a business that are transferred , a prohibition on competition on the vendor will not usually be [] to protect the purchaser and is likely to infringe article 85 ( 1 ) .

If the answer to any of these three questions is that the restraint goes further than required , the restrictive covenant is likely to infringe Article 85 ( 1 ) .
if the answer to any of these three questions is that the restraint goes further than [] , the restrictive covenant is likely to infringe article 85 ( 1 ) .

The vendor should ensure that the sale agreement provides that the purchaser is obliged to pay that part of the price that is not disputed as soon as possible and that interest is paid on the additional amount if any that the purchaser is subsequently required to pay .
the vendor should ensure that the sale agreement provides that the purchaser is obliged to pay that part of the price that is not disputed as soon as possible and that interest is paid on the additional amount if any that the purchaser is subsequently [] to pay .

The main concern with cash is to ensure that the method and arrangements for payment are clearly stated in the sale agreement and that the purchaser has adequate notice of whether a banker 's draft or telegraphic transfer is required .
the main concern with cash is to ensure that the method and arrangements for payment are clearly stated in the sale agreement and that the purchaser has adequate notice of whether a banker 's draft or telegraphic transfer is [] .

The vendor should be required to refer in the disclosure letter to the reason why the documents have been disclosed .
the vendor should be [] to refer in the disclosure letter to the reason why the documents have been disclosed .

If joint and several liability is accepted , there is nothing to prevent the vendors from settling between themselves in a private agreement the basis on which they would each be required to contribute if a successful claim is brought against any one vendor .
if joint and several liability is accepted , there is nothing to prevent the vendors from settling between themselves in a private agreement the basis on which they would each be [] to contribute if a successful claim is brought against any one vendor .

The vendor will also be required to answer a detailed questionnaire covering not only the vendor 's knowledge of claims under the warranties but also explaining the nature of the transaction , the sale price and the basis on which the sale price has been calculated .
the vendor will also be [] to answer a detailed questionnaire covering not only the vendor 's knowledge of claims under the warranties but also explaining the nature of the transaction , the sale price and the basis on which the sale price has been calculated .

The contracts for which consents are required are likely to have been revealed by the purchaser 's due diligence exercise and by the vendor 's disclosures .
the contracts for which consents are [] are likely to have been revealed by the purchaser 's due diligence exercise and by the vendor 's disclosures .

However , a degree of sensitivity is required as the purchaser may need their assistance in any due diligence exercise it is undertaking , and to effect a smooth handover of the business .
however , a degree of sensitivity is [] as the purchaser may need their assistance in any due diligence exercise it is undertaking , and to effect a smooth handover of the business .

Centrally planned production targets required that 2 million hectares be set aside for cotton production each year , with no provision for crop rotation to allow natural pest control ; the resulting heavy use of pesticides led to severe problems with soil-borne disease .
centrally planned production targets [] that 2 million hectares be set aside for cotton production each year , with no provision for crop rotation to allow natural pest control ; the resulting heavy use of pesticides led to severe problems with soil-borne disease .

New vehicles will be required to comply with set standards from 1995 , while unleaded fuel will become available in 2000 .
new vehicles will be [] to comply with set standards from 1995 , while unleaded fuel will become available in 2000 .

He added , however , that in some cases , more nitrogen fertilizer was required .
he added , however , that in some cases , more nitrogen fertilizer was [] .

Although the Greens increased their share of the vote from 2.9 to 4.9 per cent , this left them just below the 5 per cent threshold required for representation .
although the greens increased their share of the vote from 2.9 to 4.9 per cent , this left them just below the 5 per cent threshold [] for representation .

The plan is required under Dutch law as a prerequisite for the renewal of the plant 's operating licence .
the plan is [] under dutch law as a prerequisite for the renewal of the plant 's operating licence .

The report also says that the total sum spent on improvements is far less than required .
the report also says that the total sum spent on improvements is far less than [] .

The minister estimated that over 50,000 million roubles will be required to undertake research , set up experimental sites to produce substitutes for ozone-depleting chemicals and convert existing production sites .
the minister estimated that over 50,000 million roubles will be [] to undertake research , set up experimental sites to produce substitutes for ozone-depleting chemicals and convert existing production sites .

The current trend towards ever higher emissions would be curbed by energy conservation ( accounting for around 43 per cent of the required reduction ) and a shift away from fossil fuels to renewable energy ( accounting for the remaining 57 per cent ) .
the current trend towards ever higher emissions would be curbed by energy conservation ( accounting for around 43 per cent of the [] reduction ) and a shift away from fossil fuels to renewable energy ( accounting for the remaining 57 per cent ) .

The agency will also have powers to charge private companies for " permits to pollute " , and to carry out such environmental monitoring work as is required by law .
the agency will also have powers to charge private companies for " permits to pollute " , and to carry out such environmental monitoring work as is [] by law .

Some scientists believe that the danger to health has been exaggerated , and that the estimated 1.8 billion required over the next five years to bring nitrate levels down would be better spent on other health problems .
some scientists believe that the danger to health has been exaggerated , and that the estimated 1.8 billion [] over the next five years to bring nitrate levels down would be better spent on other health problems .

Coggins and Brown warned that , without government support in the form of investment allowances or tax incentives , or grants for research into new uses of materials , industry would be neither be able to provide a big enough market for recycled goods , nor invest in the plant required to carry out the recycling .
coggins and brown warned that , without government support in the form of investment allowances or tax incentives , or grants for research into new uses of materials , industry would be neither be able to provide a big enough market for recycled goods , nor invest in the plant [] to carry out the recycling .

Mintel reported that few local authorities were planning to improve the provision of recycling facilities , as required in the 1990 Environment Protection Act , mainly due to lack of money .
mintel reported that few local authorities were planning to improve the provision of recycling facilities , as [] in the 1990 environment protection act , mainly due to lack of money .

But , largely thanks to uncontrolled hunting , there are now only around 60,000 other animals , including deer , on which the tigers prey  about one-fifth of the number required .
but , largely thanks to uncontrolled hunting , there are now only around 60,000 other animals , including deer , on which the tigers prey  about one-fifth of the number [] .

Participants willbe required to make the results of the assessments available to the public .
participants willbe [] to make the results of the assessments available to the public .

Central to the committee 's 50 recommendations was a call for a national forestry strategy , to assess what types of forests were required , and how best to manage existing woodland .
central to the committee 's 50 recommendations was a call for a national forestry strategy , to assess what types of forests were [] , and how best to manage existing woodland .

Subsidies will be required to make the recycled version cheaper .
subsidies will be [] to make the recycled version cheaper .

Farmers would be required to produce farm management plans , and those who moved towards more extensive systems would be rewarded .
farmers would be [] to produce farm management plans , and those who moved towards more extensive systems would be rewarded .

According to Chief Executive Derek Langslow , the use of peat contributes to " the loss of some of the last remnants of Britain 's primeval landscape , and to the destruction of a habitat which required thousands of years to develop " .
according to chief executive derek langslow , the use of peat contributes to " the loss of some of the last remnants of britain 's primeval landscape , and to the destruction of a habitat which [] thousands of years to develop " .

Many more schemes are due to be completed in the next few years , so that by 1995 virtually all our bathing waters will be up to the required standard `` , Trippier claimed .
many more schemes are due to be completed in the next few years , so that by 1995 virtually all our bathing waters will be up to the [] standard `` , trippier claimed .

Labels will be required for fridges and freezers , washing machines and driers , dishwashers , ovens , water heaters and hot-water storage appliances , air conditioners and lamps .
labels will be [] for fridges and freezers , washing machines and driers , dishwashers , ovens , water heaters and hot-water storage appliances , air conditioners and lamps .

The international global warming treaty , signed at last year 's Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro , has so far been ratified by 31 nations , out of the 50 required for entry into force .
the international global warming treaty , signed at last year 's earth summit in rio de janeiro , has so far been ratified by 31 nations , out of the 50 [] for entry into force .

The World Bank board has approved a loan towards Chile 's Pangue dam project , even though the project has not received the full environmental assessment required under the bank 's operating guidelines .
the world bank board has approved a loan towards chile 's pangue dam project , even though the project has not received the full environmental assessment [] under the bank 's operating guidelines .

Waste copper , lead , zinc , cadmium and chromium can now only be imported with approval from the Environmental Protection Administration , whose approval is also required for exports of such items .
waste copper , lead , zinc , cadmium and chromium can now only be imported with approval from the environmental protection administration , whose approval is also [] for exports of such items .

On water , the report said that two-thirds of the country received annual rainfall of less than 500mm  the minimum required for successful dryland farming .
on water , the report said that two-thirds of the country received annual rainfall of less than 500mm  the minimum [] for successful dryland farming .

Amendments to the Montreal Protocol on protecting the ozone layer that were agreed in London in 1990 have finally been ratified by the required 20 countries and will come into force in August .
amendments to the montreal protocol on protecting the ozone layer that were agreed in london in 1990 have finally been ratified by the [] 20 countries and will come into force in august .

Tank owners are required to have leak detection equipment installed by December 1993 .
tank owners are [] to have leak detection equipment installed by december 1993 .

More than half of all companies required to apply for pollution licences have failed to do so by the deadline of the end of September , according to reports submitted to the conference of the National Society for Clean Air .
more than half of all companies [] to apply for pollution licences have failed to do so by the deadline of the end of september , according to reports submitted to the conference of the national society for clean air .

At present , sewage works must ensure that effluent meets the required standards of cleanliness for 95 percent of any 12 month period .
at present , sewage works must ensure that effluent meets the [] standards of cleanliness for 95 percent of any 12 month period .

It is pressing for companies to be required by law to disclose details of trade effluents .
it is pressing for companies to be [] by law to disclose details of trade effluents .

Environmentalists fear that the programme is designed to conceal a retreat from a campaign pledge made by President Clinton to increase average fuel efficiency required by law to 40 mpg by 2000 and 45 mpg by 2015 , which has been fiercely resisted by car companies .
environmentalists fear that the programme is designed to conceal a retreat from a campaign pledge made by president clinton to increase average fuel efficiency [] by law to 40 mpg by 2000 and 45 mpg by 2015 , which has been fiercely resisted by car companies .

Although secondary education is compulsory , parents are not required to send their children to state schools .
although secondary education is compulsory , parents are not [] to send their children to state schools .

The Open University is notable for being a nonresidential university , providing tuition by correspondence and though special television and radio progams ; it is the only university that required no formal academic qualifications in order to enroll .
the open university is notable for being a nonresidential university , providing tuition by correspondence and though special television and radio progams ; it is the only university that [] no formal academic qualifications in order to enroll .

The broadcasting media are statutorily required to be impartial .
the broadcasting media are statutorily [] to be impartial .

The head of the household is required by law to complete it and to list all those who are resident in the dwelling on October 10 of that year and are eligible for inclusion , including those who will attain the age of 18 years during the period that the new register comes into effect .
the head of the household is [] by law to complete it and to list all those who are resident in the dwelling on october 10 of that year and are eligible for inclusion , including those who will attain the age of 18 years during the period that the new register comes into effect .

Under existing legislation , the commissioners are required to review electoral boundaries every 10-15 years .
under existing legislation , the commissioners are [] to review electoral boundaries every 10-15 years .

Once they have completed their work , their recommendations are presented to a government minister , the home secretary , who is then required to lay them before the House of Commons for approval .
once they have completed their work , their recommendations are presented to a government minister , the home secretary , who is then [] to lay them before the house of commons for approval .

This technique was highly dangerous and required the skills that Cheshire had certainly acquired over a long period , but was equally within Gibson 's exceptional abilities .
this technique was highly dangerous and [] the skills that cheshire had certainly acquired over a long period , but was equally within gibson 's exceptional abilities .

The amount of luck that would be required for this feat is unthinkable , and has been used as a telling mind-boggler by Isaac Asimov and others .
the amount of luck that would be [] for this feat is unthinkable , and has been used as a telling mind-boggler by isaac asimov and others .

In order to provide 300 million twig tips , only 29 successive doublings would be required .
in order to provide 300 million twig tips , only 29 successive doublings would be [] .

As a producer the worker , whether by hand or brain , in Western society ( and in the so-called socialist countries ) is required to undertake highly specialised fragmented alienated tasks performed in the capital-intensive environment of large corporations .
as a producer the worker , whether by hand or brain , in western society ( and in the so-called socialist countries ) is [] to undertake highly specialised fragmented alienated tasks performed in the capital-intensive environment of large corporations .

The resources required for such a project should not be underestimated .
the resources [] for such a project should not be underestimated .

It follows that whenever a large system is about to be built there always exists a considerable uncertainty about many aspects of its required behaviour , the interaction with its environment , its constituent components and their interrelationships .
it follows that whenever a large system is about to be built there always exists a considerable uncertainty about many aspects of its [] behaviour , the interaction with its environment , its constituent components and their interrelationships .

For large systems , as a rule , a part of the required information on the behaviour of system environment becomes available only after the system has been constructed and has begun to operate .
for large systems , as a rule , a part of the [] information on the behaviour of system environment becomes available only after the system has been constructed and has begun to operate .

Consequently , Foucault remarked ( p 151-152 ) : `` Time measured and paid must also be time without impurities or defects ; a time of good quality throughout which the body is constantly applied to its exercise  In the correct use of time , nothing must remain idle or useless : everything must be called upon to form the support of the act required . ``
consequently , foucault remarked ( p 151-152 ) : `` time measured and paid must also be time without impurities or defects ; a time of good quality throughout which the body is constantly applied to its exercise  in the correct use of time , nothing must remain idle or useless : everything must be called upon to form the support of the act [] . ``

And this it sought to achieve by minimising the number of people required to exercise control while maximising the number over whom it could be exercised .
and this it sought to achieve by minimising the number of people [] to exercise control while maximising the number over whom it could be exercised .

Energy management systems are collections of equipment constructed from sensors , controllers , relays , actuators and other microprocessor-based products : they can be used to monitor conditions at particular points within a building ( or group of buildings ) and employed to regulate or reduce fuel consumption as required .
energy management systems are collections of equipment constructed from sensors , controllers , relays , actuators and other microprocessor-based products : they can be used to monitor conditions at particular points within a building ( or group of buildings ) and employed to regulate or reduce fuel consumption as [] .

Unwin and Parker reacted against a Victorian excess of ornament , which required endless dusting by an army of servants .
unwin and parker reacted against a victorian excess of ornament , which [] endless dusting by an army of servants .

While little of what he has to say relates directly to rhetoric , the account of the similarities across cultures shows what structural components are required for such a broadcast to be taken seriously ; to attempt alternatives is to undermine the force of the predictions .
while little of what he has to say relates directly to rhetoric , the account of the similarities across cultures shows what structural components are [] for such a broadcast to be taken seriously ; to attempt alternatives is to undermine the force of the predictions .

( It is significant that it could not be called  Christ  but had to be given another name ; moreover that it had to be explained what this was , whereas a man on the cross would have required no explanation . )
( it is significant that it could not be called  christ  but had to be given another name ; moreover that it had to be explained what this was , whereas a man on the cross would have [] no explanation . )

But no Romanized townships sprang up ; there were no farmstead villas of the type found in southern Britain ; and the sheer cost in fortification , roadworks and supplies required to maintain a presence in such bleak and unrewarding country finally defeated even the most assiduous empire-builders .
but no romanized townships sprang up ; there were no farmstead villas of the type found in southern britain ; and the sheer cost in fortification , roadworks and supplies [] to maintain a presence in such bleak and unrewarding country finally defeated even the most assiduous empire-builders .

Taken on around Whitsuntide , such men were provided with a cottage for the period of the hire , and in return were expected to supply from their own meagre resources a  bondager   a woman who would perform field-work or any other menial farm duty required of her .
taken on around whitsuntide , such men were provided with a cottage for the period of the hire , and in return were expected to supply from their own meagre resources a  bondager   a woman who would perform field-work or any other menial farm duty [] of her .

The Department told us it would have to be done  objectively  by the careers service ; the careers service tell us that a ) they do n't know what is required of them and b ) they have n't got the manpower to do it anyway .
the department told us it would have to be done  objectively  by the careers service ; the careers service tell us that a ) they do n't know what is [] of them and b ) they have n't got the manpower to do it anyway .

It was agreed that the government 's macro-economic and social policies had been the cause of a de-resourcing of the area greater than any new resources made available , and that a detailed process-accountable strategy of community economic development on community business lines was required , not the present palliative , cosmetic measures .
it was agreed that the government 's macro-economic and social policies had been the cause of a de-resourcing of the area greater than any new resources made available , and that a detailed process-accountable strategy of community economic development on community business lines was [] , not the present palliative , cosmetic measures .

It was felt that was totally contradictory as community care was more expensive and required a lot more time and resources if it was to be quality care .
it was felt that was totally contradictory as community care was more expensive and [] a lot more time and resources if it was to be quality care .

Reading some of de Pomiane 's neat menus ( from 365 Menus , 365 Recettes , Albin Michel 1938 ) it is so easy to see how little effort is required to transform the dull , overcharged , stereotyped meal into one with a fresh emphasis and a proper balance :
reading some of de pomiane 's neat menus ( from 365 menus , 365 recettes , albin michel 1938 ) it is so easy to see how little effort is [] to transform the dull , overcharged , stereotyped meal into one with a fresh emphasis and a proper balance :

To Escoffier the disadvantage of the bottled pure was that it could only be used for sauces , so he set about evolving a method which would ensure a supply of crushed tomatoes  by which he meant tomates concasses  for any dish which required them whenever the fresh fruit was unobtainable .
to escoffier the disadvantage of the bottled pure was that it could only be used for sauces , so he set about evolving a method which would ensure a supply of crushed tomatoes  by which he meant tomates concasses  for any dish which [] them whenever the fresh fruit was unobtainable .

Frozen chicken livers are already cleaned , so if they are being used the only preliminary required is the thawing-out process .
frozen chicken livers are already cleaned , so if they are being used the only preliminary [] is the thawing-out process .

" To a pint of cream put a pound of double-refined sugar , the juice of seven lemons , grate the rinds of two lemons into a pint of white wine , add half a pint of sack , then put them all into a deep pot , and whisk them for half an hour , put it into glasses the night before you want it : it is better for standing two or three days , but it will keep a week if required . "
" to a pint of cream put a pound of double-refined sugar , the juice of seven lemons , grate the rinds of two lemons into a pint of white wine , add half a pint of sack , then put them all into a deep pot , and whisk them for half an hour , put it into glasses the night before you want it : it is better for standing two or three days , but it will keep a week if [] . "

( Add brandy or maraschino if required . )
( add brandy or maraschino if [] . )

For both sides , utmost care and modesty is required when it comes to intercepting the results , and speculating on the closeness between the species .
for both sides , utmost care and modesty is [] when it comes to intercepting the results , and speculating on the closeness between the species .

His October letter says that the amendments made to British law after the directive was agreed by ministers give  excessive discretion  to official bodies to decide when EIAs are required .
his october letter says that the amendments made to british law after the directive was agreed by ministers give  excessive discretion  to official bodies to decide when eias are [] .

The priests , as God 's representatives , were required to declare God 's acceptance or rejection of the worshipper and his offering .
the priests , as god 's representatives , were [] to declare god 's acceptance or rejection of the worshipper and his offering .

There were probably many local festivals ( Judges 21:21 ) , but on three occasions in the year all the men were required to attend great national celebrations :
there were probably many local festivals ( judges 21:21 ) , but on three occasions in the year all the men were [] to attend great national celebrations :

Some of the tattered congregation turned their heads to right and left , searching for Dr McNab ; others , though merely ragged skeletons these days , were required by their good breeding to remain facing to the front with expressions of indifference .
some of the tattered congregation turned their heads to right and left , searching for dr mcnab ; others , though merely ragged skeletons these days , were [] by their good breeding to remain facing to the front with expressions of indifference .

It was a technique which required split-second timing and horsemanship of the highest order .
it was a technique which [] split-second timing and horsemanship of the highest order .

At Le Mans he performed the required homage .
at le mans he performed the [] homage .

Crusades required organization as well as enthusiasm .
crusades [] organization as well as enthusiasm .

According to Gerald of Wales , who gives the most vivid , if not the most reliable , account of these days , Henry was then required to give Richard the kiss of peace .
according to gerald of wales , who gives the most vivid , if not the most reliable , account of these days , henry was then [] to give richard the kiss of peace .

The tentacles inside grew so big they required the support of a delicate spiral of lime .
the tentacles inside grew so big they [] the support of a delicate spiral of lime .

If properly encouraged , they could carry the small amount of pollen necessary for fertilisation and place it on the exact spot in the female flower where it was required .
if properly encouraged , they could carry the small amount of pollen necessary for fertilisation and place it on the exact spot in the female flower where it was [] .

No specialised organs were required in order to reach the centre of the magnolia flower or the water lily , no particular skill was needed to gather the pollen from the loaded stamens .
no specialised organs were [] in order to reach the centre of the magnolia flower or the water lily , no particular skill was needed to gather the pollen from the loaded stamens .

When the fish is moving at speed and they are not required they are clamped to the fish 's sides fitting exactly into depressions and grooves on the surface .
when the fish is moving at speed and they are not [] they are clamped to the fish 's sides fitting exactly into depressions and grooves on the surface .

Between them , these two kinds of fish possessed both the essential abilities that the ancient land-exploring fish must have required .
between them , these two kinds of fish possessed both the essential abilities that the ancient land-exploring fish must have [] .

Generally , five-year-olds are held to have  the basic cognitive and linguistic abilities required for giving and understanding explanations of events and actions  .
generally , five-year-olds are held to have  the basic cognitive and linguistic abilities [] for giving and understanding explanations of events and actions  .

The chapter first provides a critical overview of the standard  referential communication task  , where a child 's skills are gauged when required to communicate with another about an array of objects or drawings , while speaker and hearer can not see one another , being placed behind opaque screens to encourage verbal and preclude non-verbal communication .
the chapter first provides a critical overview of the standard  referential communication task  , where a child 's skills are gauged when [] to communicate with another about an array of objects or drawings , while speaker and hearer can not see one another , being placed behind opaque screens to encourage verbal and preclude non-verbal communication .

Imagine how much time and effort would be required if each speaker had to establish the denotation of each term he produced on each occasion of use .
imagine how much time and effort would be [] if each speaker had to establish the denotation of each term he produced on each occasion of use .

Errors on less , in other words , are probably attributable , in part or even entirely , to a non-linguistic strategy of choosing the greater amount , a strategy typically invoked when children are unsure of the response required .
errors on less , in other words , are probably attributable , in part or even entirely , to a non-linguistic strategy of choosing the greater amount , a strategy typically invoked when children are unsure of the response [] .

When we turn to the linguistic abilities which are required to give empirical mode explanations , we find that the role of the temporal priority principle is again a matter of debate .
when we turn to the linguistic abilities which are [] to give empirical mode explanations , we find that the role of the temporal priority principle is again a matter of debate .

Furthermore , the design of a comprehension experiment reflects the experimenter 's assumptions about the type of knowledge which is required in order to  understand  a particular word .
furthermore , the design of a comprehension experiment reflects the experimenter 's assumptions about the type of knowledge which is [] in order to  understand  a particular word .

The children received either a task which required them to make use of temporal order information ( the temporal task ) , or a task which allowed them to make use of causal direction information ( the causal task ) .
the children received either a task which [] them to make use of temporal order information ( the temporal task ) , or a task which allowed them to make use of causal direction information ( the causal task ) .

Linguistic abilities are also required .
linguistic abilities are also [] .

Let us now look in detail at the linguistic abilities required to handle intentional mode explanations .
let us now look in detail at the linguistic abilities [] to handle intentional mode explanations .

In the questions task , the child was required to answer a why ?
in the questions task , the child was [] to answer a why ?

Thus the task required the children to infer the intention , on the basis of knowledge of the result and of the action-result relation , while at the same time maintaining the distinction between the intention and the result .
thus the task [] the children to infer the intention , on the basis of knowledge of the result and of the action-result relation , while at the same time maintaining the distinction between the intention and the result .

We have seen that by the time children start school they have developed the basic cognitive and linguistic abilities required for handling explanations in the empirical and intentional modes .
we have seen that by the time children start school they have developed the basic cognitive and linguistic abilities [] for handling explanations in the empirical and intentional modes .

Piaget 's experimental studies required children to recount a story they had heard , or explain the working of an instrument such as a tap .
piaget 's experimental studies [] children to recount a story they had heard , or explain the working of an instrument such as a tap .

Even though identifying the range of strategies marks an advance over standard referential communication measures , information about the success or otherwise of these strategies is required as well as the form in which they were used .
even though identifying the range of strategies marks an advance over standard referential communication measures , information about the success or otherwise of these strategies is [] as well as the form in which they were used .

The task required the child to select one of a series of plastic pieces varying in form , size and colour , and to tell the adult which one had been selected so that he could select the identical piece .
the task [] the child to select one of a series of plastic pieces varying in form , size and colour , and to tell the adult which one had been selected so that he could select the identical piece .

He always required an underlying form from which he could then depart , just as he tended to use a literary `` model `` from which he could derive a manner and a tone .
he always [] an underlying form from which he could then depart , just as he tended to use a literary `` model `` from which he could derive a manner and a tone .

Most of the places he saw were uninhabitable , or required a permit from the Office of Works to make them less so , but a friend of John Hayward told him of some rooms in Carlyle Mansions , a Victorian apartment building along the Chelsea Embankment which looks out over the Thames .
most of the places he saw were uninhabitable , or [] a permit from the office of works to make them less so , but a friend of john hayward told him of some rooms in carlyle mansions , a victorian apartment building along the chelsea embankment which looks out over the thames .

He returned to England in mid-September but then , to add to his physical woes , he suffered an attack of arthritis : it required massage and he resented the time he had to spend travelling to and from the masseur .
he returned to england in mid-september but then , to add to his physical woes , he suffered an attack of arthritis : it [] massage and he resented the time he had to spend travelling to and from the masseur .

It required the full backing of the Prime Minister to get the Locarno Treaty through the Cabinet .
it [] the full backing of the prime minister to get the locarno treaty through the cabinet .

It required the outbreak of war and the threatened imminence of defeat to produce the power-sharing of 1940 , which led on to the power transference of 1945 .
it [] the outbreak of war and the threatened imminence of defeat to produce the power-sharing of 1940 , which led on to the power transference of 1945 .

As inspirational pronouncement rather than an operational blueprint , not only did it give expression to and authority for the idea that a fairer , juster society should be created , as the inalienable rights of man required ; but more , it asserted that thanks to machinery powered by steam it could be .
as inspirational pronouncement rather than an operational blueprint , not only did it give expression to and authority for the idea that a fairer , juster society should be created , as the inalienable rights of man [] ; but more , it asserted that thanks to machinery powered by steam it could be .

Yet , the institution of the industrial co-operative commonwealth required that labour should take control of the means of production ; and for Owen , for whom the violence and destruction such as had attended the French Revolution were calamitous , the change to control by labour must happen peacefully .
yet , the institution of the industrial co-operative commonwealth [] that labour should take control of the means of production ; and for owen , for whom the violence and destruction such as had attended the french revolution were calamitous , the change to control by labour must happen peacefully .

Where the reformers did start to understand , they perceived that those aspirations were to something much more even than that complete political democracy which required no property qualification ; and they did not like the perception .
where the reformers did start to understand , they perceived that those aspirations were to something much more even than that complete political democracy which [] no property qualification ; and they did not like the perception .

It is enough to recall that Ricardo 's labour theory of value , on which it depends , is generally held to be fallacious in its assertion that the price of goods or services is solely determined by the amount of socially necessary labour required to produce or provide them , and so ignores the cost of other inputs and the effect of demand .
it is enough to recall that ricardo 's labour theory of value , on which it depends , is generally held to be fallacious in its assertion that the price of goods or services is solely determined by the amount of socially necessary labour [] to produce or provide them , and so ignores the cost of other inputs and the effect of demand .

In those countries where it prevails , Marxist absolutism has led to the suppression of individuality to the point where dissent and criticism are crimes against the State and punishable by imprisonment or by internal exile , or madness to be treated in mental hospitals ; where art and science must conform to the State 's perception of their supportive purposes ; where the measure of morality is no longer  what if this day thy soul is required of thee ?
in those countries where it prevails , marxist absolutism has led to the suppression of individuality to the point where dissent and criticism are crimes against the state and punishable by imprisonment or by internal exile , or madness to be treated in mental hospitals ; where art and science must conform to the state 's perception of their supportive purposes ; where the measure of morality is no longer  what if this day thy soul is [] of thee ?

The question was  how  and not  whether  ; and what was required of them was not a justification of the ends , but a formulation of the means .
the question was  how  and not  whether  ; and what was [] of them was not a justification of the ends , but a formulation of the means .

And if there was any one reason which , more than any other , ensured his defeat at the ensuing general election , then surely it was the inability of the trade union movement to assume during what had therefore become the winter of discontent , the responsibility required of them as a justification of the power and influence they claimed .
and if there was any one reason which , more than any other , ensured his defeat at the ensuing general election , then surely it was the inability of the trade union movement to assume during what had therefore become the winter of discontent , the responsibility [] of them as a justification of the power and influence they claimed .

As we have seen , the trade union movement either could not or would not show the forbearance required , in the national interest , of a great and powerful institution ; nor , for that matter that sense of enlightened self-interest which would have told it that the morality of forbearance was its own best policy .
as we have seen , the trade union movement either could not or would not show the forbearance [] , in the national interest , of a great and powerful institution ; nor , for that matter that sense of enlightened self-interest which would have told it that the morality of forbearance was its own best policy .

Recognising South Africa as a party to a dispute about its policies in Namibia would have required identification of the other parties .
recognising south africa as a party to a dispute about its policies in namibia would have [] identification of the other parties .

In international procedural terms this required level of intensity is , at least theoretically , satisfied when a State considers it has  an interest of a legal nature that may be affected by the decision in the case   , while in treaty law the emphasis is on rights and obligations .
in international procedural terms this [] level of intensity is , at least theoretically , satisfied when a state considers it has  an interest of a legal nature that may be affected by the decision in the case   , while in treaty law the emphasis is on rights and obligations .

If the written acceptance of an obligation is to be regarded as a collateral agreement ( as required by Article 35 and possible under Article 36 ) , it should be subject to the registration requirement of Article 102 of the Charter of the United Nations .
if the written acceptance of an obligation is to be regarded as a collateral agreement ( as [] by article 35 and possible under article 36 ) , it should be subject to the registration requirement of article 102 of the charter of the united nations .

In the Pablo Najera arbitration , France had failed to register an agreement between itself and Mexico as required by Article 18 of the League Covenant .
in the pablo najera arbitration , france had failed to register an agreement between itself and mexico as [] by article 18 of the league covenant .

In these ways third States whose co-operation is required for the effective performance of a treaty can be brought within its framework , without necessarily becoming parties to it .
in these ways third states whose co-operation is [] for the effective performance of a treaty can be brought within its framework , without necessarily becoming parties to it .

It required the applicant States to demonstrate that Germany had either consented to Article 6 , or that Article 6 had become customary international law .
it [] the applicant states to demonstrate that germany had either consented to article 6 , or that article 6 had become customary international law .

However , if an express agreement is required , how it is to be given must be determined .
however , if an express agreement is [] , how it is to be given must be determined .

This opinion required that the other party to the Mandate agreement , South Africa , accept supervision by a body to which it had not consented and which was not even in existence at the time of the agreement .
this opinion [] that the other party to the mandate agreement , south africa , accept supervision by a body to which it had not consented and which was not even in existence at the time of the agreement .

 The Compact of Free Association and its Articles relating to nuclear activities have been submitted to successive referenda in Palau in accordance with the Constitution , and the required  majority approval has not been achieved .
 the compact of free association and its articles relating to nuclear activities have been submitted to successive referenda in palau in accordance with the constitution , and the []  majority approval has not been achieved .

" Did the service men come ? " asked Clara , feeling some word required of her , and yet not daring to comment upon the story 's true import .
" did the service men come ? " asked clara , feeling some word [] of her , and yet not daring to comment upon the story 's true import .

Already 24 structural posts have been donated by 24 nations , but the need is for green oak , with 250 trees required ( preferably no less than 17in in girth , and 12ft straight and long ) .
already 24 structural posts have been donated by 24 nations , but the need is for green oak , with 250 trees [] ( preferably no less than 17in in girth , and 12ft straight and long ) .

Only where an exact copy is required is it important to have an exact match for timber .
only where an exact copy is [] is it important to have an exact match for timber .

If an accurate copy of an antique finish is required a certain amount of trial ( and error ) may be necessary .
if an accurate copy of an antique finish is [] a certain amount of trial ( and error ) may be necessary .

But even then patience and accuracy is required .
but even then patience and accuracy is [] .

To begin with , however , the moment of opportunity that was presented in Vietnam by France 's defeat in 1940 was taken by the Japanese ; and although Ho might conceivably and eventually have been right in his optimistic assertion that  if the entire people were united and single minded they would certainly be able to smash the picked French and Japanese armies  , the vicissitudes of war and politics would ensure that , for a while at least , they would not be required for such a formidable task .
to begin with , however , the moment of opportunity that was presented in vietnam by france 's defeat in 1940 was taken by the japanese ; and although ho might conceivably and eventually have been right in his optimistic assertion that  if the entire people were united and single minded they would certainly be able to smash the picked french and japanese armies  , the vicissitudes of war and politics would ensure that , for a while at least , they would not be [] for such a formidable task .

He , no more than General Christison in Java , was able to operate in a political vacuum but at least the French in Saigon were treated as allies rather than as one-time enemies although , in the absence of sufficient numbers of Frenchmen , Japanese troops were required to fight Vietnamese who , as in Hanoi , were intent on the politics of a fait accompli .
he , no more than general christison in java , was able to operate in a political vacuum but at least the french in saigon were treated as allies rather than as one-time enemies although , in the absence of sufficient numbers of frenchmen , japanese troops were [] to fight vietnamese who , as in hanoi , were intent on the politics of a fait accompli .

At least , one may take this assumption from the terms which the French emissary Paul Mus , after an arduous journey , presented to Ho in May 1947 and which required what amounted to a conditional surrender ; and in any case now that the Communist Party had been ousted from the French government there was no longer the same effective demand in France for a negotiated settlement .
at least , one may take this assumption from the terms which the french emissary paul mus , after an arduous journey , presented to ho in may 1947 and which [] what amounted to a conditional surrender ; and in any case now that the communist party had been ousted from the french government there was no longer the same effective demand in france for a negotiated settlement .

In fact , during pregnancy , she becomes able to ingest and utilise more of the necessary substance than is required by the child alone so that by the end of pregnancy she will be better off for such substances as nitrogen , calcium etc .
in fact , during pregnancy , she becomes able to ingest and utilise more of the necessary substance than is [] by the child alone so that by the end of pregnancy she will be better off for such substances as nitrogen , calcium etc .

For administering the bequest , the Goldsmiths would receive the remaining 2 13 4d of the annual 17 and be required to have for ever `` the presentement , nominacion , and admyssyon `` and the removing and puttyng out `` of the priests in their care .
for administering the bequest , the goldsmiths would receive the remaining 2 13 4d of the annual 17 and be [] to have for ever `` the presentement , nominacion , and admyssyon `` and the removing and puttyng out `` of the priests in their care .

It was also in this year that the Company lost  at least legally  its sole right of control over appointments , for schoolmasters were now required to hold licences from the Bishop of their province in this case , Chester .
it was also in this year that the company lost  at least legally  its sole right of control over appointments , for schoolmasters were now [] to hold licences from the bishop of their province in this case , chester .

Moreover his duties had become more onerous for he was now teaching  still free of charge as the Founder 's will required  pupils from outside the area of the `` towne of Stopforde [ and ] of other Townes thereabout `` which had originally been stipulated .
moreover his duties had become more onerous for he was now teaching  still free of charge as the founder 's will []  pupils from outside the area of the `` towne of stopforde [ and ] of other townes thereabout `` which had originally been stipulated .

Needham had previously become Rector of Claughton in Lancashire , and because he could not be both Rector there and Master in Stockport simultaneously the Goldsmiths had required him to resign from the School .
needham had previously become rector of claughton in lancashire , and because he could not be both rector there and master in stockport simultaneously the goldsmiths had [] him to resign from the school .

In 1712 the Goldsmiths , finding themselves responsible for yearly payments not only to the charities which they supported or were still required to pay for but also to the many hundreds of the Company 's annuities over the years 16951709 , resolved to mortgage their properties .
in 1712 the goldsmiths , finding themselves responsible for yearly payments not only to the charities which they supported or were still [] to pay for but also to the many hundreds of the company 's annuities over the years 16951709 , resolved to mortgage their properties .

Such indeed are the attainments of some of the Scholars that at no distant period some further assistance will be required by the Masters  and also an increased allowance for the purchase of books . ``
such indeed are the attainments of some of the scholars that at no distant period some further assistance will be [] by the masters  and also an increased allowance for the purchase of books . ``

Following upon Middleton 's resignation and the other revelations , the Goldsmiths decided that the School required a new Headmaster , new Visitors , and new Statutes .
following upon middleton 's resignation and the other revelations , the goldsmiths decided that the school [] a new headmaster , new visitors , and new statutes .

Another thousand pounds , if it could be obtained , would perhaps be sufficient for the building of a small Laboratory , and for the cleaning and repairs so urgently required both in the Schoolrooms and in the School house . ``
another thousand pounds , if it could be obtained , would perhaps be sufficient for the building of a small laboratory , and for the cleaning and repairs so urgently [] both in the schoolrooms and in the school house . ``

The Charity Commissioners , involved once again , enquired about a sum of 500 which the Company had agreed to pay in 1881 `` in aid of the improvements required `` .
the charity commissioners , involved once again , enquired about a sum of 500 which the company had agreed to pay in 1881 `` in aid of the improvements [] `` .

The response of the Governors was swift : they announced on 14th March 1975 that the School would go `` Independent `` and they launched The Stopfordian Trust to provide the sort of bursaries which would be required .
the response of the governors was swift : they announced on 14th march 1975 that the school would go `` independent `` and they launched the stopfordian trust to provide the sort of bursaries which would be [] .

She had married the King of Spain ; she had restored the Latin Mass ; she had required her subjects to acknowledge the authority of the Pope which her own father had so blatantly flouted .
she had married the king of spain ; she had restored the latin mass ; she had [] her subjects to acknowledge the authority of the pope which her own father had so blatantly flouted .

She hesitated , conscious that she was being required to take a decision that must change the whole course of her life .
she hesitated , conscious that she was being [] to take a decision that must change the whole course of her life .

Few people in Polruan knew much about what went on behind the big iron gates that guarded the entrance to Roscarrock Hall , because Sir Gregory had taken the prudent step of making his household almost self-sufficient , and traders were seldom required to call .
few people in polruan knew much about what went on behind the big iron gates that guarded the entrance to roscarrock hall , because sir gregory had taken the prudent step of making his household almost self-sufficient , and traders were seldom [] to call .

For he was not a man who could slither into any shape required of him .
for he was not a man who could slither into any shape [] of him .

For example , to carry out legal decisions on school integration in the northern cities , it was proposed that children should be `` bussed ``  white children to predominantly black schools and black children to the white areas , in order to achieve the required racial mix .
for example , to carry out legal decisions on school integration in the northern cities , it was proposed that children should be `` bussed ``  white children to predominantly black schools and black children to the white areas , in order to achieve the [] racial mix .

By May 72 the total number of aircraft to be supported , and the forecast future sales for additional aircraft , required closer co-ordination between the manufacturer and major sales network .
by may 72 the total number of aircraft to be supported , and the forecast future sales for additional aircraft , [] closer co-ordination between the manufacturer and major sales network .

Suppose we have a linear substitution Ax = y in which it is required that y be a scalar multiple of x , say x .
suppose we have a linear substitution ax = y in which it is [] that y be a scalar multiple of x , say x .

In Table 2 , the last array on the right is the required reciprocal .
in table 2 , the last array on the right is the [] reciprocal .

However , in the optimum method a computer is required to scan all elements available , i.e .
however , in the optimum method a computer is [] to scan all elements available , i.e .

If the last four rows of Table 1 are taken in reverse order , the required reciprocal is obtained .
if the last four rows of table 1 are taken in reverse order , the [] reciprocal is obtained .

It is required to solve The square matrix has been used in Example 2.3.2.1 .
it is [] to solve the square matrix has been used in example 2.3.2.1 .

When two eigenvalues have nearly-equal moduli , it is obvious that very many iterations will be required for a direct solution .
when two eigenvalues have nearly-equal moduli , it is obvious that very many iterations will be [] for a direct solution .

Evaluation of all frequencies and modes is therefore not normally required .
evaluation of all frequencies and modes is therefore not normally [] .

We now give a variant of the method of 2.9.3 ; we do so partly because the variant can save computer time , especially if may iterations are required , but also because it enables us simply to bring out certain features of the method , which lead to possible modifications .
we now give a variant of the method of 2.9.3 ; we do so partly because the variant can save computer time , especially if may iterations are [] , but also because it enables us simply to bring out certain features of the method , which lead to possible modifications .

( v ) There is no agreement on the set of descriptive categories required for an adequate account of a language such as English ; consequently different investigators are likely to differ in the way they identify linguistic features in a text .
( v ) there is no agreement on the set of descriptive categories [] for an adequate account of a language such as english ; consequently different investigators are likely to differ in the way they identify linguistic features in a text .

Because of this , and because of its greater length , it would be more obtrusive in the context than Katherine Mansfield 's sentence , and would attach greater importance to the door-shutting than seems to be required .
because of this , and because of its greater length , it would be more obtrusive in the context than katherine mansfield 's sentence , and would attach greater importance to the door-shutting than seems to be [] .

Each cartel contained a tape recorder and headphones , probably a microscope , and whatever audio-visual equipment and software was required for the week 's exercise : perhaps a slide viewer , or a loop-film viewer , or a filmstrip projector .
each cartel contained a tape recorder and headphones , probably a microscope , and whatever audio-visual equipment and software was [] for the week 's exercise : perhaps a slide viewer , or a loop-film viewer , or a filmstrip projector .

When he had completed the tape , he had absorbed a required unit of work , and subsequent testing generally demonstrated that students were rapidly improving in their grasp of essential material , as well as responding positively to this method of instruction .
when he had completed the tape , he had absorbed a [] unit of work , and subsequent testing generally demonstrated that students were rapidly improving in their grasp of essential material , as well as responding positively to this method of instruction .

The first was simply obtaining suitable material  The second was having the material produced  The third was ensuring that whatever equipment was required was at the right place  and would work .
the first was simply obtaining suitable material  the second was having the material produced  the third was ensuring that whatever equipment was [] was at the right place  and would work .

Naturally , the facility required ancillary staffing in all areas , as well as a teacher as Head of Resources with a curriculum development brief .
naturally , the facility [] ancillary staffing in all areas , as well as a teacher as head of resources with a curriculum development brief .

But the complexity of Ranganathan 's own scheme required a variety of symbols : not only capital letters and decimal numbers ( without the `` decimal point ) , but also inverted commas , commas , colons , semi-colons , lower-case letters and even Greek letters as the subject matter expanded wider than the available symbols .
but the complexity of ranganathan 's own scheme [] a variety of symbols : not only capital letters and decimal numbers ( without the `` decimal point ) , but also inverted commas , commas , colons , semi-colons , lower-case letters and even greek letters as the subject matter expanded wider than the available symbols .

The good librarian is sensitive to individual difference , omnivorously interested in all areas of knowledge and in all problems of access to it , politely at ease with people , able to assert authority when it is required , and to employ systematic thinking in relation to all aspects of his work .
the good librarian is sensitive to individual difference , omnivorously interested in all areas of knowledge and in all problems of access to it , politely at ease with people , able to assert authority when it is [] , and to employ systematic thinking in relation to all aspects of his work .

As an example of what such courses required , we can consider an example from Hatfield College of Technology ( Carey 1964 ) , serving at the time some 200 full-time and 1,800 block and day-release students for external degrees , diplomas , and other qualifications .
as an example of what such courses [] , we can consider an example from hatfield college of technology ( carey 1964 ) , serving at the time some 200 full-time and 1,800 block and day-release students for external degrees , diplomas , and other qualifications .

Many tutor-librarians were also required , as a condition of appointment to teacher-scales , to teach a minimum number of hours in the Liberal Studies programme , and this often included the teaching of subjects not essentially part of the librarian 's speciality .
many tutor-librarians were also [] , as a condition of appointment to teacher-scales , to teach a minimum number of hours in the liberal studies programme , and this often included the teaching of subjects not essentially part of the librarian 's speciality .

As Holly puts it : `` One of the skills required by the resources approach , in fact , lies in achieving a nice balance between independent working , group discussion and direct exposition by the teacher . ``
as holly puts it : `` one of the skills [] by the resources approach , in fact , lies in achieving a nice balance between independent working , group discussion and direct exposition by the teacher . ``

Throughout much of these types of activity , the practice of careful observation , note-taking and written accounts will play an important part ; several of the schools reporting in Freeman 's ( 1969 ) book on team teaching stated that their students had gained a valuable facility in note-taking which was required not only for science but in other subject fields .
throughout much of these types of activity , the practice of careful observation , note-taking and written accounts will play an important part ; several of the schools reporting in freeman 's ( 1969 ) book on team teaching stated that their students had gained a valuable facility in note-taking which was [] not only for science but in other subject fields .

This may again be necessary for work with learning resources , but librarians and experienced teachers will in any case want to stress the absolute necessity of previous detailed checking to see that the resources likely to be helpful and required are actually available .
this may again be necessary for work with learning resources , but librarians and experienced teachers will in any case want to stress the absolute necessity of previous detailed checking to see that the resources likely to be helpful and [] are actually available .

Some may well be mathematical ; to have sufficient grasp of number and of other mathematical concepts to be able to follow the processes required `` in one 's subject study .
some may well be mathematical ; to have sufficient grasp of number and of other mathematical concepts to be able to follow the processes [] `` in one 's subject study .

For certain mechanical defects where surgery is contemplated , for example , ventricular septal defects , or papillary muscle rupture , invasive investigation and/or echocardiography are required , and the relative merits of these approaches are beyond the scope of this review .
for certain mechanical defects where surgery is contemplated , for example , ventricular septal defects , or papillary muscle rupture , invasive investigation and/or echocardiography are [] , and the relative merits of these approaches are beyond the scope of this review .

Simple psychological support is required by many and can be easily provided in this framework .
simple psychological support is [] by many and can be easily provided in this framework .

More intensive psychological care and psychiatric treatment may be required for a few .
more intensive psychological care and psychiatric treatment may be [] for a few .

Just one of the regions , Northern Ireland , with eight constituency members and an assumed equal number of list members , would have fewer than the minimum total of 20 required to ensure fair representation therein for a party securing 5 % of the list votes .
just one of the regions , northern ireland , with eight constituency members and an assumed equal number of list members , would have fewer than the minimum total of 20 [] to ensure fair representation therein for a party securing 5 % of the list votes .

His people will share the vision and strive for it too , creating their own personal vision of what is required , a personal vision which will mesh in with that of the Profitboss and the overall company .
his people will share the vision and strive for it too , creating their own personal vision of what is [] , a personal vision which will mesh in with that of the profitboss and the overall company .

The year 's end might seem a long way off but the minute-by-minute activities of a Profitboss are always directed to that end and the interim end-results required to achieve it .
the year 's end might seem a long way off but the minute-by-minute activities of a profitboss are always directed to that end and the interim end-results [] to achieve it .

It is the process of trying to persuade by substituting power for reason  the power being the ability to walk away from the deal and leave the other person stranded , the power to give the other person less than required  and sometimes nothing .
it is the process of trying to persuade by substituting power for reason  the power being the ability to walk away from the deal and leave the other person stranded , the power to give the other person less than []  and sometimes nothing .

The only exception is when you need unique expertise not required on a permanent basis .
the only exception is when you need unique expertise not [] on a permanent basis .

He puts into them what he genuinely believes he needs to achieve the required levels of profit , and he can justify each figure .
he puts into them what he genuinely believes he needs to achieve the [] levels of profit , and he can justify each figure .

For the rest of the session and in the spring of 1913 , the Liberals took no risk of further defeat , but this required constant attendance at the House by Liberal MPs ; the result was that there was no autumn session in 1913 and no Plural Voting Bill was passed .
for the rest of the session and in the spring of 1913 , the liberals took no risk of further defeat , but this [] constant attendance at the house by liberal mps ; the result was that there was no autumn session in 1913 and no plural voting bill was passed .

During this period of arrested imperial expansion and international competition many influential figures and associations took the view that the achievement of such social efficiency required a renewal of cultural leadership at a national level .
during this period of arrested imperial expansion and international competition many influential figures and associations took the view that the achievement of such social efficiency [] a renewal of cultural leadership at a national level .

None the less , some statements by members of the Association reveal that the effacement required by this procedure was no more than a tactical ploy , since one of the dominant assumptions of moral education was `` that morality was to be made a conscious aim of the teacher , but concealed from the pupils , who were to imbibe the influence from literature as habit or experience `` .
none the less , some statements by members of the association reveal that the effacement [] by this procedure was no more than a tactical ploy , since one of the dominant assumptions of moral education was `` that morality was to be made a conscious aim of the teacher , but concealed from the pupils , who were to imbibe the influence from literature as habit or experience `` .

This required the active incorporation of the mass of the population to serve the nation , at the expense of many lives , and it was a process which necessarily involved cultural as well as military and civilian social administration to an extent which survived the ending of the war .
this [] the active incorporation of the mass of the population to serve the nation , at the expense of many lives , and it was a process which necessarily involved cultural as well as military and civilian social administration to an extent which survived the ending of the war .

And , finally , the discipline was required to develop a distinctive orientation to , and difference from , lay literary cultures of high aestheticism , social poise , and hedonistic impressionism .
and , finally , the discipline was [] to develop a distinctive orientation to , and difference from , lay literary cultures of high aestheticism , social poise , and hedonistic impressionism .

Vivian de Sola Pinto sums up the qualities required of this kind of professional scholar as a capacity for `` exact scholarship `` , an extensive `` knowledge `` of language and literature , and  if possible  `` the most perfect taste and tact `` .
vivian de sola pinto sums up the qualities [] of this kind of professional scholar as a capacity for `` exact scholarship `` , an extensive `` knowledge `` of language and literature , and  if possible  `` the most perfect taste and tact `` .

Thus , a number of professors of English and other influential educationalists were addressing themselves in the altered postwar environment to the issue of the disciplinary revisions required in order to produce `` enlightened `` bureaucrats , administrators , and teachers .
thus , a number of professors of english and other influential educationalists were addressing themselves in the altered postwar environment to the issue of the disciplinary revisions [] in order to produce `` enlightened `` bureaucrats , administrators , and teachers .

What is required of the student is the capacity to identify with English : `` Unless an undergraduate can identify himself in some sense with the subject he is studying , he is either reading the wrong School , or has no business to be at university at all .
what is [] of the student is the capacity to identify with english : `` unless an undergraduate can identify himself in some sense with the subject he is studying , he is either reading the wrong school , or has no business to be at university at all .

They would also have agreed with Sloman that , even before Robbins , it had become clear that universities were `` threatened by expanding numbers `` , and that radical measures were required to avert the dangers of such expansion to `` the traditional conception of a university `` .
they would also have agreed with sloman that , even before robbins , it had become clear that universities were `` threatened by expanding numbers `` , and that radical measures were [] to avert the dangers of such expansion to `` the traditional conception of a university `` .

Man Utd Europe is much improved with better tackling ; good passing is required to break down defences .
man utd europe is much improved with better tackling ; good passing is [] to break down defences .

When the required number of enemies are blown away , you 're plunged straight into the next level with no celebration on respite .
when the [] number of enemies are blown away , you 're plunged straight into the next level with no celebration on respite .

In the event , the sale total made 3.2 million , with thirty-three of the drawings fetching over 30,000 each ( then the level at which export licences were required , now standing at 35,000 ) .
in the event , the sale total made 3.2 million , with thirty-three of the drawings fetching over 30,000 each ( then the level at which export licences were [] , now standing at 35,000 ) .

The institutions themselves succeeded in raising fifty per cent of the price of eleven out of the eighteen drawings and the support of the National Art Collections Fund , the National Heritage Memorial Fund and the Foundation for Sport and the Arts has been crucial in raising most of the remaining moneys required .
the institutions themselves succeeded in raising fifty per cent of the price of eleven out of the eighteen drawings and the support of the national art collections fund , the national heritage memorial fund and the foundation for sport and the arts has been crucial in raising most of the remaining moneys [] .

Where does this leave us today ? Despite the recent re-issue of Rewald 's classic monograph , we still lack a true catalogue raisonn , bringing together all the visual and documentary material and engaging with the fundamental issues ; for example , after the sensational exhibition of the Mellon waxes at the National Gallery in Washington in 1991 , there is an even greater need for a study of the relationship of the waxes to the 1,500 or so bronze casts scattered throughout the world ; more understanding of Degas ' techniques and the reproductive processes used by his founder is urgently required ; a consideration of the images themselves , and their place in contemporary sculpture , is conspicuous by its absence ; and , the biggest question of all , the role of these wax figures in the wider oeuvre cries out to be examined .
where does this leave us today ? despite the recent re-issue of rewald 's classic monograph , we still lack a true catalogue raisonn , bringing together all the visual and documentary material and engaging with the fundamental issues ; for example , after the sensational exhibition of the mellon waxes at the national gallery in washington in 1991 , there is an even greater need for a study of the relationship of the waxes to the 1,500 or so bronze casts scattered throughout the world ; more understanding of degas ' techniques and the reproductive processes used by his founder is urgently [] ; a consideration of the images themselves , and their place in contemporary sculpture , is conspicuous by its absence ; and , the biggest question of all , the role of these wax figures in the wider oeuvre cries out to be examined .

On a turgid turner that had thwarted the seamers ' efforts until the 199th over of the match , Essex required a further 29 to avoid the follow-on on the final morning with four wickets intact , only to be denied by a spell of 3 for 1 in 14 deliveries that ultimately allowed Nick Cook to give the hosts ( and Britannic Assurance Championship leaders ) a right old grilling in the second dig ; but for Ambrose he might never have had the chance .
on a turgid turner that had thwarted the seamers ' efforts until the 199th over of the match , essex [] a further 29 to avoid the follow-on on the final morning with four wickets intact , only to be denied by a spell of 3 for 1 in 14 deliveries that ultimately allowed nick cook to give the hosts ( and britannic assurance championship leaders ) a right old grilling in the second dig ; but for ambrose he might never have had the chance .

Thus , Mildenhall , Wiltshire , is halfway between Bath and Silchester , but to complete this line defences would be required at Staines ; while Rochester is on the important link between London and the ports of Richborough and Dover .
thus , mildenhall , wiltshire , is halfway between bath and silchester , but to complete this line defences would be [] at staines ; while rochester is on the important link between london and the ports of richborough and dover .

Another exception to the proposed pattern , is the 34 acre town at Caister-by-Yarmouth ; this is the only town apart from Brough-on-Humber , which occupied an exposed position on the east coast , vulnerable to sea-raiders and it probably required this protection , but it must also have had a special relationship with the nearby Saxon Shore fort at Burgh Castle .
another exception to the proposed pattern , is the 34 acre town at caister-by-yarmouth ; this is the only town apart from brough-on-humber , which occupied an exposed position on the east coast , vulnerable to sea-raiders and it probably [] this protection , but it must also have had a special relationship with the nearby saxon shore fort at burgh castle .

The sites now considered to illustrate undefended settlements have been chosen at random since it would have required much research and fieldwork to have presented a comprehensive list in time for this Conference ; attention is merely drawn to a number of sites with the hope that they , and others like them may be studied in more detail by local efforts .
the sites now considered to illustrate undefended settlements have been chosen at random since it would have [] much research and fieldwork to have presented a comprehensive list in time for this conference ; attention is merely drawn to a number of sites with the hope that they , and others like them may be studied in more detail by local efforts .

What is now required is a large scale , well co-ordinated research programme on the products from all known kilns , many of which have been excavated but never published .
what is now [] is a large scale , well co-ordinated research programme on the products from all known kilns , many of which have been excavated but never published .

The help given to Caratacus by his allies inside the province must have revealed the secret caches of arms still available to the Britons , who had probably been required to surrender all their weapons on defeat or under treaty obligations .
the help given to caratacus by his allies inside the province must have revealed the secret caches of arms still available to the britons , who had probably been [] to surrender all their weapons on defeat or under treaty obligations .

For this purpose a large stone built amphitheatre was not required .
for this purpose a large stone built amphitheatre was not [] .

The distinction was drawn in the following terms : both types of function involved the resolution of a dispute , but whereas the former involved resolution by recourse to law , the latter allowed and often required recourse to considerations of public policy .
the distinction was drawn in the following terms : both types of function involved the resolution of a dispute , but whereas the former involved resolution by recourse to law , the latter allowed and often [] recourse to considerations of public policy .

Quasi-judicial functions , it was thought , were best committed to politically responsible Ministers rather than to courts because ultimately the required decision had to be made on policy grounds .
quasi-judicial functions , it was thought , were best committed to politically responsible ministers rather than to courts because ultimately the [] decision had to be made on policy grounds .

There is some authority for saying that the  sufficient interest  test applies to such actions ; but there are also dicta suggesting that a stricter rule should apply to such actions on the ground that leave is not required to bring actions begun by writ or originating summons .
there is some authority for saying that the  sufficient interest  test applies to such actions ; but there are also dicta suggesting that a stricter rule should apply to such actions on the ground that leave is not [] to bring actions begun by writ or originating summons .

Should it be required to do so in a democratic way ?
should it be [] to do so in a democratic way ?

But public authorities can also be attacked for non-feasance by being required to perform their duty .
but public authorities can also be attacked for non-feasance by being [] to perform their duty .

As we have seen , the prerogative orders are not available against bodies whose jurisdiction rests entirely on contract ( that is , on rules of private law ) ; but such bodies are often required to comply with the rules of natural justice and the injunction , being a private law remedy , can be used to enforce the rules against contractual bodies .
as we have seen , the prerogative orders are not available against bodies whose jurisdiction rests entirely on contract ( that is , on rules of private law ) ; but such bodies are often [] to comply with the rules of natural justice and the injunction , being a private law remedy , can be used to enforce the rules against contractual bodies .

An applicant seeking an interim injunction is normally required to give an undertaking to compensate the respondent for irreparable monetary loss suffered as a result of compliance with the injunction in case the respondent wins at the hearing and the injunction is not made permanent but is discharged .
an applicant seeking an interim injunction is normally [] to give an undertaking to compensate the respondent for irreparable monetary loss suffered as a result of compliance with the injunction in case the respondent wins at the hearing and the injunction is not made permanent but is discharged .

If the respondent is a government body , such an undertaking will often not be required because any damage likely to be suffered will be intangible or unquantifiable injury to the public .
if the respondent is a government body , such an undertaking will often not be [] because any damage likely to be suffered will be intangible or unquantifiable injury to the public .

Another factor was raised in a case in which the government did not properly consult local authorities ( as required by statute ) before making some regulations : by the time the application to revoke the regulations was heard , they had been in operation for some time and to revoke them would have caused considerable administrative inconvenience which could not be justified given that no real complaint was made about the substance of the regulations .
another factor was raised in a case in which the government did not properly consult local authorities ( as [] by statute ) before making some regulations : by the time the application to revoke the regulations was heard , they had been in operation for some time and to revoke them would have caused considerable administrative inconvenience which could not be justified given that no real complaint was made about the substance of the regulations .

In fact , one would expect a public authority always to be inclined to search for a way to reach the same decision legally the second time round , if only to save face ; and the incentive to do so would be even greater if it were likely to be required to pay damages should it decide that its earlier loss-causing decision ought to be changed .
in fact , one would expect a public authority always to be inclined to search for a way to reach the same decision legally the second time round , if only to save face ; and the incentive to do so would be even greater if it were likely to be [] to pay damages should it decide that its earlier loss-causing decision ought to be changed .

The Court of Appeal held that because the principle of effective protection only required that national courts should provide remedies for the protection of European rights which were as effective as the remedies available for the protection of similar rights in English law ; and since a plaintiff can recover damages against governmental bodies in English law only if a breach of private law can be shown ; and since the challenged action would not be actionable in tort in English law ; it followed that the principle of effective protection did not require that damages be available to the plaintiff as a remedy .
the court of appeal held that because the principle of effective protection only [] that national courts should provide remedies for the protection of european rights which were as effective as the remedies available for the protection of similar rights in english law ; and since a plaintiff can recover damages against governmental bodies in english law only if a breach of private law can be shown ; and since the challenged action would not be actionable in tort in english law ; it followed that the principle of effective protection did not require that damages be available to the plaintiff as a remedy .

It can be argued that the question of whether an applicant ought to be required to use Ord .
it can be argued that the question of whether an applicant ought to be [] to use ord .

The excavation will be much larger than any recent work at Knossos and funding will be required far beyond the level usually provided by the British Academy and other research funds and foundations which traditionally support British archaeological work in Greece .
the excavation will be much larger than any recent work at knossos and funding will be [] far beyond the level usually provided by the british academy and other research funds and foundations which traditionally support british archaeological work in greece .

It had become evident that a simple and effective means of communication was required , and the radio was the next step .
it had become evident that a simple and effective means of communication was [] , and the radio was the next step .

But the sheer effort required to gather and analyse data systematically , let alone the lobbying activities to initiate change , often exceeds the capacity of the groups working on this issue .
but the sheer effort [] to gather and analyse data systematically , let alone the lobbying activities to initiate change , often exceeds the capacity of the groups working on this issue .

The financial and human resources required to carry out this programme will never be enough .
the financial and human resources [] to carry out this programme will never be enough .

Instead of defining the state of mind which represents the required concept of voluntary consent , choice theories follow the normal pattern of common law reasoning and resort to an  extrovert  approach .
instead of defining the state of mind which represents the [] concept of voluntary consent , choice theories follow the normal pattern of common law reasoning and resort to an  extrovert  approach .

The first reason why the market could no longer be perceived as limiting economic power was that the structure of the market ceased to correspond even loosely with the model of perfect competition which required numerous firms operating in the same industry so that no firm was capable of affecting the price of its product by varying the level of the output of that product .
the first reason why the market could no longer be perceived as limiting economic power was that the structure of the market ceased to correspond even loosely with the model of perfect competition which [] numerous firms operating in the same industry so that no firm was capable of affecting the price of its product by varying the level of the output of that product .

Secondly , directors are treated as fiduciaries required to act in the best interests of the shareholders .
secondly , directors are treated as fiduciaries [] to act in the best interests of the shareholders .

The Companies Act 1980 ( now consolidated in the Companies Act 1985 ) has extended the occasions when the consent of the shareholders to a transaction is required , so that , for example , before directors enter into long-term service agreements with their company , or substantial property transactions with their company , they must disclose the details of these transactions and obtain the consent of the shareholders .
the companies act 1980 ( now consolidated in the companies act 1985 ) has extended the occasions when the consent of the shareholders to a transaction is [] , so that , for example , before directors enter into long-term service agreements with their company , or substantial property transactions with their company , they must disclose the details of these transactions and obtain the consent of the shareholders .

In company law it can equally be argued that by casting trustee-like duties on directors so that they are required to act only in the interests of the shareholders the law aims to ensure that the will of the shareholders is implemented .
in company law it can equally be argued that by casting trustee-like duties on directors so that they are [] to act only in the interests of the shareholders the law aims to ensure that the will of the shareholders is implemented .

Rather the rules which constitute the market structure people 's available range of choices and consequently themselves help to define the distribution of wealth and power in society , for which an independent justification is required .
rather the rules which constitute the market structure people 's available range of choices and consequently themselves help to define the distribution of wealth and power in society , for which an independent justification is [] .

This goal is tempered by the pursuit of other social goals , such as donating corporate funds to charity , supporting community projects , promoting the welfare of employees and taking steps to prevent pollution beyond those required by straightforward compliance with the law .
this goal is tempered by the pursuit of other social goals , such as donating corporate funds to charity , supporting community projects , promoting the welfare of employees and taking steps to prevent pollution beyond those [] by straightforward compliance with the law .

These are required for Holland .
these are [] for holland .

Often works are farmed out to professional restorers who are required to register with the Ufficio Istruzione Restauri .
often works are farmed out to professional restorers who are [] to register with the ufficio istruzione restauri .

The canvases had been properly relined in the nineteenth century and only the  Hosea  and  Obadiah  required new linings .
the canvases had been properly relined in the nineteenth century and only the  hosea  and  obadiah  [] new linings .

They include the following : the extent to which the freedom of the press and other media is guaranteed and protected ; the pattern of media ownership allowed ; the structure of the country 's mass media ; the technology required to ensure rapid and effective generation , processing and dissemination of information at all levels of society and beyond the nation 's borders ; the extent to which the public has easy access to the media channels for meaningful , two-way communication ; and the degree to which the media , besides being a watchdog of public interest vis-a-vis the government , foster the nation 's political and cultural awareness and promote the values and aspirations which the nation has chosen to project as its identifying characteristic in the community of nations .
they include the following : the extent to which the freedom of the press and other media is guaranteed and protected ; the pattern of media ownership allowed ; the structure of the country 's mass media ; the technology [] to ensure rapid and effective generation , processing and dissemination of information at all levels of society and beyond the nation 's borders ; the extent to which the public has easy access to the media channels for meaningful , two-way communication ; and the degree to which the media , besides being a watchdog of public interest vis-a-vis the government , foster the nation 's political and cultural awareness and promote the values and aspirations which the nation has chosen to project as its identifying characteristic in the community of nations .

In the first year after independence , this task was completed by the formulation of policy guidelines , the establishment of administrative units and specialised media agencies , the drafting and classification of job descriptions for the required personnel , the identification of appropriate technology , and the organisation of media courses and workshops .
in the first year after independence , this task was completed by the formulation of policy guidelines , the establishment of administrative units and specialised media agencies , the drafting and classification of job descriptions for the [] personnel , the identification of appropriate technology , and the organisation of media courses and workshops .

Among his most celebrated compositions were 0 ' 0  ( 1962 ) for which he chopped vegetables , put them in a blender and drank the juice , and the 4'33  ( 1952 ) which required the performer to remain onstage , silent and immobile for four minutes , thirty-three seconds .
among his most celebrated compositions were 0 ' 0  ( 1962 ) for which he chopped vegetables , put them in a blender and drank the juice , and the 4'33  ( 1952 ) which [] the performer to remain onstage , silent and immobile for four minutes , thirty-three seconds .

The approval of the Spanish Government will be required for both the Architectural Project and the final acceptance of the refurbishment .
the approval of the spanish government will be [] for both the architectural project and the final acceptance of the refurbishment .

Some experience of journalism is also required .
some experience of journalism is also [] .

But the duchy also required government and administration during the absences of its ruler .
but the duchy also [] government and administration during the absences of its ruler .

Helping the client to reassess their difficulties in these terms helps to specify and clarify the exact nature of these problems and highlight the specific areas of change required .
helping the client to reassess their difficulties in these terms helps to specify and clarify the exact nature of these problems and highlight the specific areas of change [] .

The client is required to rate their anxiety on the programme chart after each trial on a scale of 1100 , where 1 is no anxiety and 100 is maximum anxiety .
the client is [] to rate their anxiety on the programme chart after each trial on a scale of 1100 , where 1 is no anxiety and 100 is maximum anxiety .

Re-negotiation of steps is very commonly required since theoretical assumptions of difficulty are often not mirrored by experience in practice .
re-negotiation of steps is very commonly [] since theoretical assumptions of difficulty are often not mirrored by experience in practice .

Several programme sheets will be required .
several programme sheets will be [] .

Conditions Required for Relaxation
conditions [] for relaxation

Be warm with a good duvet or sheets with extra blankets if required .
be warm with a good duvet or sheets with extra blankets if [] .

While some might ask why the Gotha museum should be required to buy a picture which was theirs to begin with , every picture offers a unique set of circumstances , and the Gotha Wtewael was no exception .
while some might ask why the gotha museum should be [] to buy a picture which was theirs to begin with , every picture offers a unique set of circumstances , and the gotha wtewael was no exception .

At this date he rarely bought without consulting Colin , but as neither man had any real sense of time , their meetings required considerable stage-management .
at this date he rarely bought without consulting colin , but as neither man had any real sense of time , their meetings [] considerable stage-management .

The French learned that lesson in Paris where footing it in a queue suffering at least a little bit for art is required before access to the Winged Victory of Samothrace or  The artist 's studio  by Gustave Courbet .
the french learned that lesson in paris where footing it in a queue suffering at least a little bit for art is [] before access to the winged victory of samothrace or  the artist 's studio  by gustave courbet .

Sidorov admitted that it was a great honour to be appointed to the government , but was not yet ready to discuss his policies , as he  needed to assess the situation at the Ministry  , although he did hint that changes in the organisation 's structure would be required .
sidorov admitted that it was a great honour to be appointed to the government , but was not yet ready to discuss his policies , as he  needed to assess the situation at the ministry  , although he did hint that changes in the organisation 's structure would be [] .

The Region has a contract with the Consortium  Venezia Disinquinamento  ( Venice De-pollution ) for the purification of waters draining into the Lagoon from the surrounding hinterland , and a contract for the provision of technical services required ( including all the legal and administrative procedures ) to de-pollute the Lagoon , the historic centre of Venice and the towns of Mira and Chioggia .
the region has a contract with the consortium  venezia disinquinamento  ( venice de-pollution ) for the purification of waters draining into the lagoon from the surrounding hinterland , and a contract for the provision of technical services [] ( including all the legal and administrative procedures ) to de-pollute the lagoon , the historic centre of venice and the towns of mira and chioggia .

It held , for example , that Italy was in breach of its obligations under the Treaty when it required that researchers employed by the Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche had to be Italians because they were civil service posts .
it held , for example , that italy was in breach of its obligations under the treaty when it [] that researchers employed by the consiglio nazionale delle ricerche had to be italians because they were civil service posts .

Auctioneers will still be required to buy a licensed auctioneer 's office at anything from FFr500,000 ( 51,000 ; $ 92,000 ) to FFr20 million ( 204,000 ; $ 368,000 ) , and that right will be reserved for persons but not firms , thus still excluding the likes of Sotheby 's and Christie 's .
auctioneers will still be [] to buy a licensed auctioneer 's office at anything from ffr500,000 ( 51,000 ; $ 92,000 ) to ffr20 million ( 204,000 ; $ 368,000 ) , and that right will be reserved for persons but not firms , thus still excluding the likes of sotheby 's and christie 's .

For testing substantive hypotheses Galtung considers a sample of forty perfectly acceptable ( the criterion being the minimum number of cases required for statistical tests to be applicable ) .
for testing substantive hypotheses galtung considers a sample of forty perfectly acceptable ( the criterion being the minimum number of cases [] for statistical tests to be applicable ) .

They include the following : the extent to which the freedom of the press and other media is guaranteed and protected ; the pattern of media ownership allowed ; the structure of the country 's mass media ; the technology required to ensure rapid and effective generation , processing and dissemination of information at all levels of society and beyond the nation 's borders ; the extent to which the public has easy access to the media channels for meaningful , two-way communication ; and the degree to which the media , besides being a watchdog of public interest vis-a-vis the government , foster the nation 's political and cultural awareness and promote the values and aspirations which the nation has chosen to project as its identifying characteristic in the community of nations .
they include the following : the extent to which the freedom of the press and other media is guaranteed and protected ; the pattern of media ownership allowed ; the structure of the country 's mass media ; the technology [] to ensure rapid and effective generation , processing and dissemination of information at all levels of society and beyond the nation 's borders ; the extent to which the public has easy access to the media channels for meaningful , two-way communication ; and the degree to which the media , besides being a watchdog of public interest vis-a-vis the government , foster the nation 's political and cultural awareness and promote the values and aspirations which the nation has chosen to project as its identifying characteristic in the community of nations .

In the first year after independence , this task was completed by the formulation of policy guidelines , the establishment of administrative units and specialised media agencies , the drafting and classification of job descriptions for the required personnel , the identification of appropriate technology , and the organisation of media courses and workshops .
in the first year after independence , this task was completed by the formulation of policy guidelines , the establishment of administrative units and specialised media agencies , the drafting and classification of job descriptions for the [] personnel , the identification of appropriate technology , and the organisation of media courses and workshops .

In Some instances there may be a good many more than one , but here again the magazines will specialise in a specific area and a good deal of study is required to make sure that a particular magazine will be to use the material you are planning to send to it .
in some instances there may be a good many more than one , but here again the magazines will specialise in a specific area and a good deal of study is [] to make sure that a particular magazine will be to use the material you are planning to send to it .

From time to time other sections may be needed but lists can be made up as and when they are required for specific projects .
from time to time other sections may be needed but lists can be made up as and when they are [] for specific projects .

On other occasions the news to be imparted will be of great interest to a variety of media and a full-scale mailing will be required .
on other occasions the news to be imparted will be of great interest to a variety of media and a full-scale mailing will be [] .

The photographer may very well have sensible suggestions for backdrops and for simple accessories , but very often rather more is required .
the photographer may very well have sensible suggestions for backdrops and for simple accessories , but very often rather more is [] .

Not all models are the curvaceous female variety and studio shots can be set up with less glamorous professional models where this is required .
not all models are the curvaceous female variety and studio shots can be set up with less glamorous professional models where this is [] .

All of these specialists must be chosen with care and with an eye to the particular skills required .
all of these specialists must be chosen with care and with an eye to the particular skills [] .

If other specialists are involved , a general briefing meeting will ensure that everyone knows exactly what is required of them .
if other specialists are involved , a general briefing meeting will ensure that everyone knows exactly what is [] of them .

If the subject of the photography is a new type of ballpoint pen , for example , at least two shots will be required , one for the retail trade press and one for the consumer press .
if the subject of the photography is a new type of ballpoint pen , for example , at least two shots will be [] , one for the retail trade press and one for the consumer press .

Careful timing will also he required to ensure that the item is actually happening at the time it fits into the programme .
careful timing will also he [] to ensure that the item is actually happening at the time it fits into the programme .

Arrange a briefing meeting with representatives of the magazine and the sponsor , the author and the photographer to make sure that everyone knows exactly what is required .
arrange a briefing meeting with representatives of the magazine and the sponsor , the author and the photographer to make sure that everyone knows exactly what is [] .

Knowledge of the extent of this variation is required , especially on what are likely to he the worst conditions , and if possible sampling should be done in the winter and spring in the British Isles , when the run-off after rain tends to be heavy , as well as in the summer .
knowledge of the extent of this variation is [] , especially on what are likely to he the worst conditions , and if possible sampling should be done in the winter and spring in the british isles , when the run-off after rain tends to be heavy , as well as in the summer .

Hard water can affect vat-dyeing operations detrimentally and a soft-water supply is required .
hard water can affect vat-dyeing operations detrimentally and a soft-water supply is [] .

The conditions to be met for the provision of water for fighting fires are best discussed with the local Fire Brigade Superintendent , who will give details of the supply required and of any additional facilities , such as providing access to mill lodges for suction hoses of pumps , and any special precautions that are necessary .
the conditions to be met for the provision of water for fighting fires are best discussed with the local fire brigade superintendent , who will give details of the supply [] and of any additional facilities , such as providing access to mill lodges for suction hoses of pumps , and any special precautions that are necessary .

is desirable , but for some purposes , such as package-bleaching and package-dyeing , an even lower limit is required .
is desirable , but for some purposes , such as package-bleaching and package-dyeing , an even lower limit is [] .

Thus : Twice as much lime is required to remove the magnesium hardness as that needed for the equivalent of calcium .
thus : twice as much lime is [] to remove the magnesium hardness as that needed for the equivalent of calcium .

In theory , 1.2 lb ( 0.54 kg ) of common salt is required per pound of hardness ( as CaC03 ) but in practice about three times this amount or more is employed .
in theory , 1.2 lb ( 0.54 kg ) of common salt is [] per pound of hardness ( as cac03 ) but in practice about three times this amount or more is employed .

This can be done in slatted or packed towers or , if required , under pressure , by the injection of air .
this can be done in slatted or packed towers or , if [] , under pressure , by the injection of air .

This act controlled the abstraction of water from watercourses , springs , wells , and bore-holes , so that any user of appreciable amounts was required to be licensed to take water for industrial and other purposes .
this act controlled the abstraction of water from watercourses , springs , wells , and bore-holes , so that any user of appreciable amounts was [] to be licensed to take water for industrial and other purposes .

Check whether full rent or a retainer is required during vacations .
check whether full rent or a retainer is [] during vacations .

10 . How much notice is required on either side to terminate the tenancy agreement ?
10 . how much notice is [] on either side to terminate the tenancy agreement ?

If you are required to sign contracts , take them first for checking to the college accommodation office or the citizens advice bureau .
if you are [] to sign contracts , take them first for checking to the college accommodation office or the citizens advice bureau .

Landlords are normally required to give twenty-eight days ' written notice to quit .
landlords are normally [] to give twenty-eight days ' written notice to quit .

All colleges and institutions of higher education are required to carry out some assessment of student performance and potential . How does this student 's work compare with that of fellow students in terms of quantity and quality of output ? How does this student 's work measure up to what teachers expect at this stage ?
all colleges and institutions of higher education are [] to carry out some assessment of student performance and potential . how does this student 's work compare with that of fellow students in terms of quantity and quality of output ? how does this student 's work measure up to what teachers expect at this stage ?

This normally involves working either from a design laid out on squared paper or under the direction of an overseer ( or salim in Persian ) , who systematically calls out the colour of each knot as it is required .
this normally involves working either from a design laid out on squared paper or under the direction of an overseer ( or salim in persian ) , who systematically calls out the colour of each knot as it is [] .

Only certain types of wool possess the qualities required ; the best comes from lambs between 8 and 14 months old , particularly those from the colder highland regions .
only certain types of wool possess the qualities [] ; the best comes from lambs between 8 and 14 months old , particularly those from the colder highland regions .

Silk is also used as a foundation material ; it is extremely strong , keeps its shape , and can be spun into very fine strands , but because of its cost it is only used when exceptionally fine knotting is required .
silk is also used as a foundation material ; it is extremely strong , keeps its shape , and can be spun into very fine strands , but because of its cost it is only used when exceptionally fine knotting is [] .

There are no hard and fast rules determining the exact knot-count required to justify a rug being referred to as `` fine `` or `` finely knotted `` , but anything over c. 150 knots per in 2 can be considered medium grade ( reasonably finely knotted ) and anything over 250 or 300 would generally be acknowledged as top grade ( fine ) .
there are no hard and fast rules determining the exact knot-count [] to justify a rug being referred to as `` fine `` or `` finely knotted `` , but anything over c. 150 knots per in 2 can be considered medium grade ( reasonably finely knotted ) and anything over 250 or 300 would generally be acknowledged as top grade ( fine ) .

Once a rug has been completed and taken off the loom , the pile is clipped to its required length .
once a rug has been completed and taken off the loom , the pile is clipped to its [] length .

It is like viewing an Impressionist painting , where the viewer is required to stand at a certain distance before the image comes into focus ; the bigger the individual strokes of paint , the further back the viewer has to stand .
it is like viewing an impressionist painting , where the viewer is [] to stand at a certain distance before the image comes into focus ; the bigger the individual strokes of paint , the further back the viewer has to stand .

Remember that the insurance valuation is not the amount paid for the rug , but the amount that would probably be required to replace it and , in practice , is rather more than the price originally paid .
remember that the insurance valuation is not the amount paid for the rug , but the amount that would probably be [] to replace it and , in practice , is rather more than the price originally paid .

First , given there is a monopoly on newspapers , is intervention required ?
first , given there is a monopoly on newspapers , is intervention [] ?

If the monopolist 's position is naturally precarious , that is if there are many potential entrepreneurs looking to supply papers , then its pricing behaviour may well be tempered , so governmental intervention need not be required .
if the monopolist 's position is naturally precarious , that is if there are many potential entrepreneurs looking to supply papers , then its pricing behaviour may well be tempered , so governmental intervention need not be [] .

Hence , lump sum transfers would be required to ensure breakeven , in which case public control seems a sensible solution , with the necessary funds coming from general taxation .
hence , lump sum transfers would be [] to ensure breakeven , in which case public control seems a sensible solution , with the necessary funds coming from general taxation .

Further precision is required , for example , in discussing what is meant by economies of scale and the relationship of these to natural monopoly .
further precision is [] , for example , in discussing what is meant by economies of scale and the relationship of these to natural monopoly .

Second , a multiproduct firm required to break even has degrees of freedom in its pricing which are unavailable to a single-product firm .
second , a multiproduct firm [] to break even has degrees of freedom in its pricing which are unavailable to a single-product firm .

The firm that produces both models need not keep twice as many gearboxes in store to have the same availability as would two firms each producing one model because , unless the uncertainties are perfectly correlated , it is less likely that high production of both models will be required on any particular day than that high production of either one will .
the firm that produces both models need not keep twice as many gearboxes in store to have the same availability as would two firms each producing one model because , unless the uncertainties are perfectly correlated , it is less likely that high production of both models will be [] on any particular day than that high production of either one will .

Returning to the assumptions required , Baumol et al .
returning to the assumptions [] , baumol et al .

No controls on pricing are required as long as entry is completely free , so that any action on behalf of policy-makers should have the aim of making entry as free as possible .
no controls on pricing are [] as long as entry is completely free , so that any action on behalf of policy-makers should have the aim of making entry as free as possible .

McGuinness ( 1987 ) contains a useful brief analysis of internal organizational questions , from which other sources can be referenced if required
mcguinness ( 1987 ) contains a useful brief analysis of internal organizational questions , from which other sources can be referenced if []

Gravelle ( 1985 ) points to an implicit assumption which , when relaxed , gives rise to one of them : `` that either no managerial effort is required to reduce costs or that such effort does not yield disutility to managers ' ( p. 115 ) .
gravelle ( 1985 ) points to an implicit assumption which , when relaxed , gives rise to one of them : `` that either no managerial effort is [] to reduce costs or that such effort does not yield disutility to managers ' ( p. 115 ) .

Of course , the effort required is a true social cost ( it reduces the manager 's utility , and the manager is a part of society ) and so it should be an offset on the social benefits , but nevertheless it is not clear that this mechanism described will lead to the socially efficient amount of effort being supplied .
of course , the effort [] is a true social cost ( it reduces the manager 's utility , and the manager is a part of society ) and so it should be an offset on the social benefits , but nevertheless it is not clear that this mechanism described will lead to the socially efficient amount of effort being supplied .

In this role , the pen can be used to select items , pull down menus , move objects around the screen ; in effect , to handle any task that hitherto required the use of a mouse .
in this role , the pen can be used to select items , pull down menus , move objects around the screen ; in effect , to handle any task that hitherto [] the use of a mouse .

: where confidentiality is required , speech input could be overheard and therefore unsuitable ;
: where confidentiality is [] , speech input could be overheard and therefore unsuitable ;

Instead , a pre-processing stage is required whereby a probable sequence is determined [ Wright , 1989 ] .
instead , a pre-processing stage is [] whereby a probable sequence is determined [ wright , 1989 ] .

Evidently , higher level knowledge is required for effective text recognition .
evidently , higher level knowledge is [] for effective text recognition .

Indeed there are a number of other computational implementations that have required the use of linguistic information , and the extent to which they have proved successful may identify useful avenues of research for the present project .
indeed there are a number of other computational implementations that have [] the use of linguistic information , and the extent to which they have proved successful may identify useful avenues of research for the present project .

For human readers , the knowledge sources required for the recognition of text ( or indeed language in any form ) include those gained from experience and those which are inherent .
for human readers , the knowledge sources [] for the recognition of text ( or indeed language in any form ) include those gained from experience and those which are inherent .

However , the fact that a dictionary is in machine-readable form does not necessarily mean that the required information is instantly available  pre-processing may be necessary to organise the information .
however , the fact that a dictionary is in machine-readable form does not necessarily mean that the [] information is instantly available  pre-processing may be necessary to organise the information .

 the required answer concerns spiders in general , not any specific spider .
 the [] answer concerns spiders in general , not any specific spider .

In this case , knowledge of human plans to relieve hunger and the location of typical food stores create the required coherence ( i.e .
in this case , knowledge of human plans to relieve hunger and the location of typical food stores create the [] coherence ( i.e .

Although much further research is required , evidently connectionist models can provide a framework for modelling comprehension phenomena that can not be tackled using ordinary serial or symbolic models .
although much further research is [] , evidently connectionist models can provide a framework for modelling comprehension phenomena that can not be tackled using ordinary serial or symbolic models .

It should be noted , however , that the disambiguation required by the present project is not between multiple word senses , but instead between multiple interpretations of the input .
it should be noted , however , that the disambiguation [] by the present project is not between multiple word senses , but instead between multiple interpretations of the input .

As large samples of data were required , further programs were written to facilitate this process , by simulating recognised output for any given input sentence .
as large samples of data were [] , further programs were written to facilitate this process , by simulating recognised output for any given input sentence .

An appropriate performance metric is required and has since been designed and applied to the original results , to reveal more objective patterns in the data ;
an appropriate performance metric is [] and has since been designed and applied to the original results , to reveal more objective patterns in the data ;

It is expected that a fully functional text recognition system will be required to work with a range of material , taken from a range of domains ( e.g .
it is expected that a fully functional text recognition system will be [] to work with a range of material , taken from a range of domains ( e.g .

This z-score can then be compared to the value of z required for 95 % and 99 % significance level ( obtained from statistical tables ) : ( z [ df 90 ] = 1.99 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 90 ] = 2.63 , p < 0.01 ) .
this z-score can then be compared to the value of z [] for 95 % and 99 % significance level ( obtained from statistical tables ) : ( z [ df 90 ] = 1.99 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 90 ] = 2.63 , p < 0.01 ) .

This z-score can then be compared to the value of z required for 95 % and 99 % significance level ( obtained from statistical tables ) : ( z [ df 133 ] = 1.98 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 133 ] = 2.61 , p < 0.01 ) .
this z-score can then be compared to the value of z [] for 95 % and 99 % significance level ( obtained from statistical tables ) : ( z [ df 133 ] = 1.98 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 133 ] = 2.61 , p < 0.01 ) .

This z-score can then be compared to the value of z required for 90 % , 95 % and 99 % significance level ( obtained from statistical tables ) : ( z [ df 87 ] = 1.66 , p < 0.1 ) , ( z [ df 87 ] = 1.99 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 87 ] = 2.63 , p < 0.01 ) .
this z-score can then be compared to the value of z [] for 90 % , 95 % and 99 % significance level ( obtained from statistical tables ) : ( z [ df 87 ] = 1.66 , p < 0.1 ) , ( z [ df 87 ] = 1.99 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 87 ] = 2.63 , p < 0.01 ) .

Create the wordlist for which filtered definitions are required .
create the wordlist for which filtered definitions are [] .

Although initial studies using this technique have shown promise , further tests are required to determine the optimum settings for the various parameters .
although initial studies using this technique have shown promise , further tests are [] to determine the optimum settings for the various parameters .

To resolve this , the execution time required by each algorithm to process all three documents was measured , and the result is shown in Figure 3.3 .
to resolve this , the execution time [] by each algorithm to process all three documents was measured , and the result is shown in figure 3.3 .

The efficacy of definitional overlap varies greatly across domains , such that specialist dictionaries may be required for more esoteric or specialist domains .
the efficacy of definitional overlap varies greatly across domains , such that specialist dictionaries may be [] for more esoteric or specialist domains .

The process starts from a list of words for which collocation information is required .
the process starts from a list of words for which collocation information is [] .

The general dictionary proved significant to the 99 % confidence level across all three domains , which justifies the effort required to produce such a comprehensive general collocation dictionary .
the general dictionary proved significant to the 99 % confidence level across all three domains , which justifies the effort [] to produce such a comprehensive general collocation dictionary .

Additionally , good coverage is required to process all the alternative candidates produced by a recognition system .
additionally , good coverage is [] to process all the alternative candidates produced by a recognition system .

They aid understanding by imposing an organisation on the information in the text , and providing any extra information required to maintain its coherence .
they aid understanding by imposing an organisation on the information in the text , and providing any extra information [] to maintain its coherence .

The middle-class capitalist required the legitimacy of all his children not only to protect his possessions from being enjoyed by the offspring of other men but to ensure the loyalty of his sons who might be business partners , and of his daughters who might be essential in marriage alliances .
the middle-class capitalist [] the legitimacy of all his children not only to protect his possessions from being enjoyed by the offspring of other men but to ensure the loyalty of his sons who might be business partners , and of his daughters who might be essential in marriage alliances .

The Banks have speculated on the possibility of the husband and wife debating the use of contraception , and certainly , as they suggest , the very use of contraceptive techniques required some minimum level of discussion about sexual matters .
the banks have speculated on the possibility of the husband and wife debating the use of contraception , and certainly , as they suggest , the very use of contraceptive techniques [] some minimum level of discussion about sexual matters .

Her new husband 's job required a move south , and in 1985 Marian left the practice she had built up and moved to Sussex .
her new husband 's job [] a move south , and in 1985 marian left the practice she had built up and moved to sussex .

 The clean set was to be worn if we were required to work in Trent Building ,  John recalls .
 the clean set was to be worn if we were [] to work in trent building ,  john recalls .

Ellie had barely started her own meal , but now she and Patsy had to get up , as was their required duty , to collect all the dirty crockery and bring in the pudding .
ellie had barely started her own meal , but now she and patsy had to get up , as was their [] duty , to collect all the dirty crockery and bring in the pudding .

What is required , however , to avoid indignation among graduands is a very clear statement of the reasons for the University feeling it has a debt to repay .
what is [] , however , to avoid indignation among graduands is a very clear statement of the reasons for the university feeling it has a debt to repay .

Rowntree tried to devise an objective definition of poverty based upon the minimum income required to maintain individuals in a state of  physical efficiency  .
rowntree tried to devise an objective definition of poverty based upon the minimum income [] to maintain individuals in a state of  physical efficiency  .

But it required a considerable imaginative effort to conceive even of Britain without a significant amount of poverty .
but it [] a considerable imaginative effort to conceive even of britain without a significant amount of poverty .

This view left room for considerable differences of opinion as to the means by which the labouring poor should be encouraged to work  by coercion or persuasion ; as to the degree to which those who worked could provide for all their needs , such as their children 's education , housing , sickness , old age , widowhood , or required support from the state in some or all of these circumstances ; and as to the degree of culpability of those who did not provide for themselves .
this view left room for considerable differences of opinion as to the means by which the labouring poor should be encouraged to work  by coercion or persuasion ; as to the degree to which those who worked could provide for all their needs , such as their children 's education , housing , sickness , old age , widowhood , or [] support from the state in some or all of these circumstances ; and as to the degree of culpability of those who did not provide for themselves .

They were rarely situated in poorer districts , required a membership fee of up to 1 , which the poorest could not afford , and did not allow  tick  or sales bacon , etc . )
they were rarely situated in poorer districts , [] a membership fee of up to 1 , which the poorest could not afford , and did not allow  tick  or sales bacon , etc . )

Children were inefficient contributors to the kind of workforce now required and also a smaller proportion of the entire population than in the early years of the century .
children were inefficient contributors to the kind of workforce now [] and also a smaller proportion of the entire population than in the early years of the century .

Private enterprise had failed to provide school places for all children and the state was required to fill the gaps .
private enterprise had failed to provide school places for all children and the state was [] to fill the gaps .

Rowntree had estimated in 1900 that a family of two adults and three children required a minimum income of 20s .
rowntree had estimated in 1900 that a family of two adults and three children [] a minimum income of 20s .

In 1911 it required that one-third of all boarding-out committees should consist of women , for their assumed superior sensitivity to children 's needs , and that relieving officers should no longer supervise boarded-out children , thus removing such children from direct stigmatizing contact with the official administration of the Poor Law .
in 1911 it [] that one-third of all boarding-out committees should consist of women , for their assumed superior sensitivity to children 's needs , and that relieving officers should no longer supervise boarded-out children , thus removing such children from direct stigmatizing contact with the official administration of the poor law .

Both Reports assumed the existence of a ne'er-do-well class at the base of society , for whom punitive labour colonies or similar institutions would be required .
both reports assumed the existence of a ne'er-do-well class at the base of society , for whom punitive labour colonies or similar institutions would be [] .

You can enjoy a higher level of compensation , if required , by using our Compensation Fee facility .
you can enjoy a higher level of compensation , if [] , by using our compensation fee facility .

The addressee will then be required to pay the Cash on Delivery amount at the delivery office , and , if they wish , collect the parcel at the same time .
the addressee will then be [] to pay the cash on delivery amount at the delivery office , and , if they wish , collect the parcel at the same time .

The Secretary was also responsible for collecting and storing the vast and increasing mass of information required by sixteenth-century governments .
the secretary was also responsible for collecting and storing the vast and increasing mass of information [] by sixteenth-century governments .

From about 1570 , and more intensively from about 1590 , a system of compounding was brought in , under which each county made an agreement with the Crown to levy a tax or composition to cover the difference between the royal price and the market price for the amount that the shire was required to supply .
from about 1570 , and more intensively from about 1590 , a system of compounding was brought in , under which each county made an agreement with the crown to levy a tax or composition to cover the difference between the royal price and the market price for the amount that the shire was [] to supply .

Large sums might also be required for fortifications , especially from 1588 onwards .
large sums might also be [] for fortifications , especially from 1588 onwards .

The relevant circumstances and the information required would be prescribed in regulations .
the relevant circumstances and the information [] would be prescribed in regulations .

They are required to ensure so far as is reasonably practicable that any plant ( machinery , equipment or appliance ) is so designed and constructed as to be safe and without risk to health .
they are [] to ensure so far as is reasonably practicable that any plant ( machinery , equipment or appliance ) is so designed and constructed as to be safe and without risk to health .

An inspector is appointed in writing by his enforcing authority and must when required to do so produce a copy of his written appointment .
an inspector is appointed in writing by his enforcing authority and must when [] to do so produce a copy of his written appointment .

The inspector is required to give the employer the same information as he gives to the employed person .
the inspector is [] to give the employer the same information as he gives to the employed person .

It is an offence to drive when your eyesight is not up to the required standard .
it is an offence to drive when your eyesight is not up to the [] standard .

Please note that a higher standard is required if you are applying for Large Goods and/or Passenger Carrying Vehicle entitlement .
please note that a higher standard is [] if you are applying for large goods and/or passenger carrying vehicle entitlement .

We can not quote here more than a short paragraph , but the whole of chapters 10 and 14 of The Group should be required reading for those whose profession it is to advise parents ( McCarthy , 1963 ) .
we can not quote here more than a short paragraph , but the whole of chapters 10 and 14 of the group should be [] reading for those whose profession it is to advise parents ( mccarthy , 1963 ) .

This danger is well demonstrated by the early efforts made to help culturally disadvantaged children , many of which simply provided each child with a dose of relevant training during the pre-school period in the expectation that this on its own would give him the required extras for normal cognitive development .
this danger is well demonstrated by the early efforts made to help culturally disadvantaged children , many of which simply provided each child with a dose of relevant training during the pre-school period in the expectation that this on its own would give him the [] extras for normal cognitive development .

It is claimed that the labour of women is required for the creation of wealth and that in certain industries female labour is essential .
it is claimed that the labour of women is [] for the creation of wealth and that in certain industries female labour is essential .

The finance required would not be wholly new in any case , since considerable expenditure is , at present , devoted to day nurseries , and very much more to residential nurseries in cases where single mothers can not afford to look after their children .
the finance [] would not be wholly new in any case , since considerable expenditure is , at present , devoted to day nurseries , and very much more to residential nurseries in cases where single mothers can not afford to look after their children .

Patients recover with good nursing care alone , and medical intervention is seldom required .
patients recover with good nursing care alone , and medical intervention is seldom [] .

The laboratory support required for such a programme is simple , and most district haematology laboratories already perform the necessary tests on demand .
the laboratory support [] for such a programme is simple , and most district haematology laboratories already perform the necessary tests on demand .

For example , repeated absences from school caused by hospital admission or attendance at outpatient clinics can lead to academic underperformance , and well-informed , sympathetic teachers will be required to organise tutorial support to overcome this .
for example , repeated absences from school caused by hospital admission or attendance at outpatient clinics can lead to academic underperformance , and well-informed , sympathetic teachers will be [] to organise tutorial support to overcome this .

In prescribing care , the individual primary nurse acts as a  resource allocator  by deciding what resources are required to facilitate this care .
in prescribing care , the individual primary nurse acts as a  resource allocator  by deciding what resources are [] to facilitate this care .

Forth Valley Health Board has a major outbreak plan which offers staff guidance on how to recognise and report outbreaks of infection ( especially enteric illness ) and outlines the lines of communication and administration required .
forth valley health board has a major outbreak plan which offers staff guidance on how to recognise and report outbreaks of infection ( especially enteric illness ) and outlines the lines of communication and administration [] .

Formal reports can be issued identifying areas where education is required as well as changes in practice or equipment .
formal reports can be issued identifying areas where education is [] as well as changes in practice or equipment .

Clients may not be physically ill , but there should be provision for care in the appropriate environment if required .
clients may not be physically ill , but there should be provision for care in the appropriate environment if [] .

The dose required to produce an optimal degree of tumour response is not without toxicity , however .
the dose [] to produce an optimal degree of tumour response is not without toxicity , however .

Physiotherapy referral as required .
physiotherapy referral as [] .

Objective pain assessment is required to ensure adequate pain relief .
objective pain assessment is [] to ensure adequate pain relief .

Maintenance regime  use 100mcg/kg of fentanyl diluted to 50ml with 5% or 10% dextrose. 1 ml/hour gives 2mcg/kg/hour , and is an acceptable starting dose but could be doubled if required .
maintenance regime  use 100mcg/kg of fentanyl diluted to 50ml with 5% or 10% dextrose. 1 ml/hour gives 2mcg/kg/hour , and is an acceptable starting dose but could be doubled if [] .

These are available in various dosages , but may have to be made up specially to deliver the required dose .
these are available in various dosages , but may have to be made up specially to deliver the [] dose .

If serious disturbance is suspected , outside clinical consultation may be required , and the client is informed of the reasons for such a referral .
if serious disturbance is suspected , outside clinical consultation may be [] , and the client is informed of the reasons for such a referral .

Examination questions mostly required standard answers , and denied students the scope to think about and explore the wider social , political and ethical issues related to healthcare .
examination questions mostly [] standard answers , and denied students the scope to think about and explore the wider social , political and ethical issues related to healthcare .

At the same time the Bakufu 's weakness was exacerbated by problems over the shogunal succession ; the selection of the nearest blood heir , a young boy , to succeed to the title in 1858 , highlighted the problems of Bakufu leadership at a time when the institution required all the strength it could muster .
at the same time the bakufu 's weakness was exacerbated by problems over the shogunal succession ; the selection of the nearest blood heir , a young boy , to succeed to the title in 1858 , highlighted the problems of bakufu leadership at a time when the institution [] all the strength it could muster .

Its prime aim was to consolidate its own power , but it also hoped to centralise and unify the nation and attain to Western standards required for a revision of the unequal treaties .
its prime aim was to consolidate its own power , but it also hoped to centralise and unify the nation and attain to western standards [] for a revision of the unequal treaties .

Fief size ranged from Kaga ( present-day Fukui Prefecture ) , with around 1 million koku , to others with the bare minimum of 10,000 koku required for daimyo ranking .
fief size ranged from kaga ( present-day fukui prefecture ) , with around 1 million koku , to others with the bare minimum of 10,000 koku [] for daimyo ranking .

Governmental support for the farming community through the medium of rice support prices has kept rice production well above the level required for domestic consumption and slowed the move away from rice production .
governmental support for the farming community through the medium of rice support prices has kept rice production well above the level [] for domestic consumption and slowed the move away from rice production .

The climatic conditions of Scotland and parts of Cumbria and Northumbria are particularly suitable for the production of healthy high quality seed potatoes required for the following year 's crop and it is in these areas that most of the seed potatoes are grown .
the climatic conditions of scotland and parts of cumbria and northumbria are particularly suitable for the production of healthy high quality seed potatoes [] for the following year 's crop and it is in these areas that most of the seed potatoes are grown .

Other varieties such as Maris Piper may be used when the sample meets the required specification .
other varieties such as maris piper may be used when the sample meets the [] specification .

In short , you will he required to apply the principles of thinking on a regular and systematic basis .
in short , you will he [] to apply the principles of thinking on a regular and systematic basis .

The list of oral skills required for business is long , but for the purposes of illustration some of the more important are listed below :
the list of oral skills [] for business is long , but for the purposes of illustration some of the more important are listed below :

Being able to know what is required and when to use particular forms of language is an important skill .
being able to know what is [] and when to use particular forms of language is an important skill .

With so much information required in a business letter , the style of the printed material is of importance .
with so much information [] in a business letter , the style of the printed material is of importance .

It is important to explain why the information is required .
it is important to explain why the information is [] .

Formal language is required , and it may be necessary to state the consequences if the memo 's contents are not complied with .
formal language is [] , and it may be necessary to state the consequences if the memo 's contents are not complied with .

In order to construct a line graph , at least two sets of tabulated data are required .
in order to construct a line graph , at least two sets of tabulated data are [] .

After calculating the angles for each , a protractor is required to draw these angles .
after calculating the angles for each , a protractor is [] to draw these angles .

In this structure the organisation is designed around the different functions required to make and sell its product or service .
in this structure the organisation is designed around the different functions [] to make and sell its product or service .

Work is all about responsibility : the duties and commitments which we are required to undertake during our working day .
work is all about responsibility : the duties and commitments which we are [] to undertake during our working day .

Some minutes are very full and contain verbatim quotes while others only record the decisions and the actions required .
some minutes are very full and contain verbatim quotes while others only record the decisions and the actions [] .

In general , a minimum of ten years is required to bring to fruition an initial proposal for an international Convention , though there are exceptions .
in general , a minimum of ten years is [] to bring to fruition an initial proposal for an international convention , though there are exceptions .

It required legislation in 1705 to overcome this decision , which was consciously obstructive of commercial practice .
it [] legislation in 1705 to overcome this decision , which was consciously obstructive of commercial practice .

No licence for setting up a joint-venture company is required unless the company will be controlled by non-residents .
no licence for setting up a joint-venture company is [] unless the company will be controlled by non-residents .

In case of the conversion of a partnership into a Kft , the Act provides that the unanimous decision of the members is required and they remain jointly and severally liable for five years for the existing indebtedness of the partnership .
in case of the conversion of a partnership into a kft , the act provides that the unanimous decision of the members is [] and they remain jointly and severally liable for five years for the existing indebtedness of the partnership .

We shall ensure that all staff receive proper training and are required to uphold the principles of this Code .
we shall ensure that all staff receive proper training and are [] to uphold the principles of this code .

Unless you have agreed that we may disclose information about your personal affairs ( or we are required by law to do so ) , such information will remain confidential to us provided you have not failed to repay us any money properly demanded from you ( see next bullet point b ) .
unless you have agreed that we may disclose information about your personal affairs ( or we are [] by law to do so ) , such information will remain confidential to us provided you have not failed to repay us any money properly demanded from you ( see next bullet point b ) .

b ) In cases where a Default Notice has not been served because it is not required under the Consumer Credit Act , we shall send you a letter of demand , requiring repayment of a specified sum .
b ) in cases where a default notice has not been served because it is not [] under the consumer credit act , we shall send you a letter of demand , requiring repayment of a specified sum .

Whereas our grandparents and , perhaps , even our parents frowned upon buying anything unless they had saved all the money required , today we expect to own the luxuries of life now and are prepared to bridge the gap between our savings and the price with a loan .
whereas our grandparents and , perhaps , even our parents frowned upon buying anything unless they had saved all the money [] , today we expect to own the luxuries of life now and are prepared to bridge the gap between our savings and the price with a loan .

Quite often , all that is required is a friendly chat to put your mind at rest .
quite often , all that is [] is a friendly chat to put your mind at rest .

Alternatively , you can leave payment to us by electing to use either our Standing Order or Direct debit services , under which we will automatically debit your Account with the amounts due as required .
alternatively , you can leave payment to us by electing to use either our standing order or direct debit services , under which we will automatically debit your account with the amounts due as [] .

The cards are embossed with the cardholder 's name and the business name , as required .
the cards are embossed with the cardholder 's name and the business name , as [] .

If required , these transactions can then be segmented into different forms of payment to facilitate identification .
if [] , these transactions can then be segmented into different forms of payment to facilitate identification .

If you are granted one of our mortgages for more than 80 % of the purchase price or valuation , then you will also be required to take out a mortgage guarantee indemnity policy .
if you are granted one of our mortgages for more than 80 % of the purchase price or valuation , then you will also be [] to take out a mortgage guarantee indemnity policy .

In between arriving and leaving for Castelnaudary , most people would be weeded out by the tests or fall short of the required standards .
in between arriving and leaving for castelnaudary , most people would be weeded out by the tests or fall short of the [] standards .

After morning parade , those not required for any tests or interviews would go off on working parties around the camp .
after morning parade , those not [] for any tests or interviews would go off on working parties around the camp .

The disciplinary process required to keep people of low intelligence in order was simple .
the disciplinary process [] to keep people of low intelligence in order was simple .

At each point we had been required to identify pictures of tanks , strip weapons in the dark , answer questions on mines and explosives , and demonstrate our radio technique .
at each point we had been [] to identify pictures of tanks , strip weapons in the dark , answer questions on mines and explosives , and demonstrate our radio technique .

Whereas religions have required worship , ceremony , and sacrifice , these are forms of activity alien to Western science .
whereas religions have [] worship , ceremony , and sacrifice , these are forms of activity alien to western science .

In others a little more imagination was required : This may not sound much like science , but it represented a significant departure from the book learning of his day .
in others a little more imagination was [] : this may not sound much like science , but it represented a significant departure from the book learning of his day .

Because it has also been underplayed in the interests of religious apologetics , a degree of critical detachment is required .
because it has also been underplayed in the interests of religious apologetics , a degree of critical detachment is [] .

In assessing the attitudes of religious thinkers to the natural sciences , discrimination is required in another respect .
in assessing the attitudes of religious thinkers to the natural sciences , discrimination is [] in another respect .

Effective treatment required that the body be in a receptive state to beneficial forms of spirit , which could remedy deficiencies resulting from temperament or life-style .
effective treatment [] that the body be in a receptive state to beneficial forms of spirit , which could remedy deficiencies resulting from temperament or life-style .

The immensity and perfection of God required that it had been done .
the immensity and perfection of god [] that it had been done .

Joshua 's command to the sun to stand still was best understood , according to Galileo , as a command to halt the sun 's rotation on its axis  a rotation in which Galileo took special interest since it was required by his interpretation of the sunspots .
joshua 's command to the sun to stand still was best understood , according to galileo , as a command to halt the sun 's rotation on its axis  a rotation in which galileo took special interest since it was [] by his interpretation of the sunspots .

The answer , of course , was that the motion of the earth was not a common matter  that it required considerable proficiency in mathematics to appreciate the arguments in its favor .
the answer , of course , was that the motion of the earth was not a common matter  that it [] considerable proficiency in mathematics to appreciate the arguments in its favor .

It also required a feat of imagination that was exceedingly difficult for those imbued with Aristotelian physics .
it also [] a feat of imagination that was exceedingly difficult for those imbued with aristotelian physics .

Because good works were required of a puritan as a duty of thanksgiving , the appeal of Bacon 's arguments to the intellectual leaders of the English Revolution can be readily understood .
because good works were [] of a puritan as a duty of thanksgiving , the appeal of bacon 's arguments to the intellectual leaders of the english revolution can be readily understood .

Necessary as legislation was in terms of public safety , for years it was unattractive to Ministers since it required considerable expenditure whilst at the same time being unlikely to attract any votes .
necessary as legislation was in terms of public safety , for years it was unattractive to ministers since it [] considerable expenditure whilst at the same time being unlikely to attract any votes .

If so , changes in practice or in the legislation may be required .
if so , changes in practice or in the legislation may be [] .

Guidance on the circumspection required in the day-to-day exercise of administrative powers is provided for civil servants in a booklet ominously entitled The Judge Over Your Shoulder .
guidance on the circumspection [] in the day-to-day exercise of administrative powers is provided for civil servants in a booklet ominously entitled the judge over your shoulder .

Will Ministers be prepared to surrender the close degree of control over the Prison Service to which they have grown accustomed , and to the extent necessary to allow a Chief Executive the freedom required for true agency status ?
will ministers be prepared to surrender the close degree of control over the prison service to which they have grown accustomed , and to the extent necessary to allow a chief executive the freedom [] for true agency status ?

More probation hostels were urgently needed for young persons , and hostels should be provided for adult offenders who required strict supervision .
more probation hostels were urgently needed for young persons , and hostels should be provided for adult offenders who [] strict supervision .

If such changes are to be contemplated , then something like a Royal Commission , which could go into all aspects of any proposed changes ( including the cost ) would be required .
if such changes are to be contemplated , then something like a royal commission , which could go into all aspects of any proposed changes ( including the cost ) would be [] .

There may often be a good case for conviction , and no deficiency of evidence , yet acquittal ensues because the prosecutor , acting without advice , is not sufficiently informed as to the precise nature of the proof required by law .
there may often be a good case for conviction , and no deficiency of evidence , yet acquittal ensues because the prosecutor , acting without advice , is not sufficiently informed as to the precise nature of the proof [] by law .

To take out cover , farmers should call their group secretaries and inform them where and when the sale takes place , the number of pen cards needed , together with the chosen cover period , and whether insurance is required for all animals , or just those selling above a set price .
to take out cover , farmers should call their group secretaries and inform them where and when the sale takes place , the number of pen cards needed , together with the chosen cover period , and whether insurance is [] for all animals , or just those selling above a set price .

 The Guild can , through its members , encourage producers to stay ahead of the competition and produce products of the increasing quality that will inevitably be required .
 the guild can , through its members , encourage producers to stay ahead of the competition and produce products of the increasing quality that will inevitably be [] .

The book is highly informative and well set out and will be required reading for many farming and veterinary students and many established dairy farmers would derive benefit from its contents .
the book is highly informative and well set out and will be [] reading for many farming and veterinary students and many established dairy farmers would derive benefit from its contents .

It can be folded and compressed into a relatively small bag or box and tucked away in an odd corner till next required .
it can be folded and compressed into a relatively small bag or box and tucked away in an odd corner till next [] .

It may be that a vaccination programme is required  Rotavirus or E-coli .
it may be that a vaccination programme is []  rotavirus or e-coli .

It is not necessary to be a veterinary surgeon to become a licensed inseminator , but training is required .
it is not necessary to be a veterinary surgeon to become a licensed inseminator , but training is [] .

Firstly , French Label Rouge poultry producers now accounting for about 20 % of poultry consumption in France are required to provide trees for shade in order to qualify for the label .
firstly , french label rouge poultry producers now accounting for about 20 % of poultry consumption in france are [] to provide trees for shade in order to qualify for the label .

Even then there have been difficulties , in part from the problems of developing the skills required to operate the equipment efficiently , and in part from other national dilemmas of choice in allocating local resources against competing demands .
even then there have been difficulties , in part from the problems of developing the skills [] to operate the equipment efficiently , and in part from other national dilemmas of choice in allocating local resources against competing demands .

Such vandalism would have required periodic repairs , and it was during one such overhaul in the 1860s that the window shutters were replaced .
such vandalism would have [] periodic repairs , and it was during one such overhaul in the 1860s that the window shutters were replaced .

What is also required is some analysis of the social practice of  science and philosophy  in different contexts .
what is also [] is some analysis of the social practice of  science and philosophy  in different contexts .

Certain forms of writing , such as academic articles , extend this even further and writers are required to develop skills in explicitness , and in being aware of hidden assumptions , so that readers who have not directly had the writer 's experience may understand it .
certain forms of writing , such as academic articles , extend this even further and writers are [] to develop skills in explicitness , and in being aware of hidden assumptions , so that readers who have not directly had the writer 's experience may understand it .

The differences in these forms of writing , and the different skills required of writer and reader in relation to them , are more appropriately understood as different social practices related to , amongst other things , different functions they are attempting to fulfil .
the differences in these forms of writing , and the different skills [] of writer and reader in relation to them , are more appropriately understood as different social practices related to , amongst other things , different functions they are attempting to fulfil .

When the full force of competition hits , it is desperately hard to recover your company , set the new tempo that is required , and seize the initiative back from the .
when the full force of competition hits , it is desperately hard to recover your company , set the new tempo that is [] , and seize the initiative back from the .

It is obvious that for any group of companies to grow , a good balance is required between those which continually need cash injections to stay in business ( the capital-intensive type of enterprise which is typical of much of the chemical industry ) and those which can generate very high profits and throw off cash when things are going well .
it is obvious that for any group of companies to grow , a good balance is [] between those which continually need cash injections to stay in business ( the capital-intensive type of enterprise which is typical of much of the chemical industry ) and those which can generate very high profits and throw off cash when things are going well .

If it were , it would not be an association of equal citizens but of members with differing status ; subjects would not be free to pursue their own purposes but would be required to perform particular roles ; government would be a matter of management rather than rule ; and government would also be provisional rather than unconditional and non-retractable .
if it were , it would not be an association of equal citizens but of members with differing status ; subjects would not be free to pursue their own purposes but would be [] to perform particular roles ; government would be a matter of management rather than rule ; and government would also be provisional rather than unconditional and non-retractable .

In Law , Legislation and Liberty Hayek went even further and suggested that , since legislation proper  should not be governed by interests but by opinion  , what is required  is an assembly of men and women elected at a relatively mature age for fairly long periods , such as fifteen years  .
in law , legislation and liberty hayek went even further and suggested that , since legislation proper  should not be governed by interests but by opinion  , what is []  is an assembly of men and women elected at a relatively mature age for fairly long periods , such as fifteen years  .

Since people were unable to exist outside society they were required , as a matter of prudence , to work for its preservation .
since people were unable to exist outside society they were [] , as a matter of prudence , to work for its preservation .

Their vision was of a functionally differentiated society in which  the individual is now created by the social organism of which he forms a part  and in which a state , founded on democracy tempered by respect for the expert , is required to co-ordinate the social order .
their vision was of a functionally differentiated society in which  the individual is now created by the social organism of which he forms a part  and in which a state , founded on democracy tempered by respect for the expert , is [] to co-ordinate the social order .

In order to realize this objective Dewey felt that a fundamental reconstruction of social institutions was required .
in order to realize this objective dewey felt that a fundamental reconstruction of social institutions was [] .

It is a principle of limited government based on the ideas that what was required was  a properly equilibrated political system in which power was checked by power in such a way that neither the violent urges of kings , nor the arbitrariness of legislatures could impinge directly upon the individual  .
it is a principle of limited government based on the ideas that what was [] was  a properly equilibrated political system in which power was checked by power in such a way that neither the violent urges of kings , nor the arbitrariness of legislatures could impinge directly upon the individual  .

But the functionalists also argue that the ideology which informs the common law approach is hostile to the positive aims of modern government , that the judiciary display a philosophical , cultural , or political bias when reviewing administrative action and therefore that new institutions with new personnel are required to develop a new jurisprudence for the modern age .
but the functionalists also argue that the ideology which informs the common law approach is hostile to the positive aims of modern government , that the judiciary display a philosophical , cultural , or political bias when reviewing administrative action and therefore that new institutions with new personnel are [] to develop a new jurisprudence for the modern age .

The Hotel Proprietors Act of 1956 defines a hotel as  an establishment offering food and drink and sleeping accommodation if so required to any traveller who appears able and willing to pay for services and facilities provided  .
the hotel proprietors act of 1956 defines a hotel as  an establishment offering food and drink and sleeping accommodation if so [] to any traveller who appears able and willing to pay for services and facilities provided  .

The night porters usually work eight p.m. to eight a.m. shift , performing all the duties that the day porters would be required to do .
the night porters usually work eight p.m. to eight a.m. shift , performing all the duties that the day porters would be [] to do .

They are responsible for the security of the building during the night and will often be required to operate the telephone switchboard if there is no telephonist on duty .
they are responsible for the security of the building during the night and will often be [] to operate the telephone switchboard if there is no telephonist on duty .

The receptionist should learn how to extract from the caller the exact nature of the information required in order to classify the enquiry .
the receptionist should learn how to extract from the caller the exact nature of the information [] in order to classify the enquiry .

the type of room required .
the type of room [] .

People requiring accommodation often make use of the reservation form which hotels include in their hotel brochure . The reservation forms are specifically designed to provide all the necessary details and information required to process the booking , that is :
people requiring accommodation often make use of the reservation form which hotels include in their hotel brochure . the reservation forms are specifically designed to provide all the necessary details and information [] to process the booking , that is :

Many hotels use specially designed sets of documents to provide them with their required information .
many hotels use specially designed sets of documents to provide them with their [] information .

When this is the case the travel agent will have an agreement with the hotel to reserve the number of rooms required for their package tour clients .
when this is the case the travel agent will have an agreement with the hotel to reserve the number of rooms [] for their package tour clients .

the accommodation required ;
the accommodation [] ;

other facilities required .
other facilities [] .

This is a reservation for the group to be completed by the tour operator giving full details from which the hotel will be able to organise all the services required .
this is a reservation for the group to be completed by the tour operator giving full details from which the hotel will be able to organise all the services [] .

Guests will be required to vacate their rooms by 11 a.m. , noon at the latest , to enable the housekeeping staff to service and clean rooms for the next group .
guests will be [] to vacate their rooms by 11 a.m. , noon at the latest , to enable the housekeeping staff to service and clean rooms for the next group .

As room status information must be up-to-the-minute , notification slips are circulated immediately to all departments should a  chance  arrival or sudden change of room , or any other eventuality make it necessary to inform all departments , so that any action required can be taken .
as room status information must be up-to-the-minute , notification slips are circulated immediately to all departments should a  chance  arrival or sudden change of room , or any other eventuality make it necessary to inform all departments , so that any action [] can be taken .

Any repairs or replacements or renewals of furnishings are noted on the cards , and they are constantly referred to by the housekeeping and maintenance departments , whose responsibility it is to see that the room is maintained to the required standard .
any repairs or replacements or renewals of furnishings are noted on the cards , and they are constantly referred to by the housekeeping and maintenance departments , whose responsibility it is to see that the room is maintained to the [] standard .

Local physicians list in case a doctor is required .
local physicians list in case a doctor is [] .

If they are urgently required their  executive number  is tapped and an electronic signal is sent out which activates their particular  bleep  .
if they are urgently [] their  executive number  is tapped and an electronic signal is sent out which activates their particular  bleep  .

We have a night service porter on duty and he will be pleased to provide late snacks if required .
we have a night service porter on duty and he will be pleased to provide late snacks if [] .

Many large business houses have a regular room allocation with hotels which can be placed on release after a certain time lapse if not required .
many large business houses have a regular room allocation with hotels which can be placed on release after a certain time lapse if not [] .

Meeting rooms and equipment required will be booked , planned and organised .
meeting rooms and equipment [] will be booked , planned and organised .

Food and beverage departments will be given a detailed schedule of meals required .
food and beverage departments will be given a detailed schedule of meals [] .

Orders should be in duplicate and numbered and should state exactly the goods required , quoting catalogue numbers when possible .
orders should be in duplicate and numbered and should state exactly the goods [] , quoting catalogue numbers when possible .

Sums of money not required for immediate use can be put into a deposit account on which the bank will pay interest .
sums of money not [] for immediate use can be put into a deposit account on which the bank will pay interest .

However , whether employed by a large , medium or small establishment , the receptionist will be required to have a sound general knowledge of business practice , and , if called upon to do so , must be able to perform competently and efficiently the following tasks :
however , whether employed by a large , medium or small establishment , the receptionist will be [] to have a sound general knowledge of business practice , and , if called upon to do so , must be able to perform competently and efficiently the following tasks :

If proof of postage is required for sending important documents through the post , the package or letter is taken to the post office , and for an extra charge the delivery will be recorded and a receipt obtained as proof .
if proof of postage is [] for sending important documents through the post , the package or letter is taken to the post office , and for an extra charge the delivery will be recorded and a receipt obtained as proof .

Indexing is the process required to facilitate the location of records .
indexing is the process [] to facilitate the location of records .

When a large number of copies of the same document or form are required , they can be duplicated or photocopied from a master copy .
when a large number of copies of the same document or form are [] , they can be duplicated or photocopied from a master copy .

When many copies of a document are required , photocopying can prove expensive .
when many copies of a document are [] , photocopying can prove expensive .

The notice required by the Order must be clearly displayed either at the entrance to the hotel or at reception .
the notice [] by the order must be clearly displayed either at the entrance to the hotel or at reception .

By virtue of the Immigration ( Hotel Records ) Order 1972 all guests over the age of sixteen are required upon arrival at a hotel to register their full name and nationality , or have it registered for them .
by virtue of the immigration ( hotel records ) order 1972 all guests over the age of sixteen are [] upon arrival at a hotel to register their full name and nationality , or have it registered for them .

The hotelier is required to keep a record of this information which is open to inspection by the police for a period of up to twelve months .
the hotelier is [] to keep a record of this information which is open to inspection by the police for a period of up to twelve months .

letting them sleep in the lounge ) , but they can not legally be required to do so .
letting them sleep in the lounge ) , but they can not legally be [] to do so .

the property was deposited by or on behalf of the guest expressly for safe custody with the proprietor or some servant of his authorised , or appearing to be authorised , for the purpose , and , if so required by the proprietor or that servant , in a container fastened or sealed by the depositor ; or
the property was deposited by or on behalf of the guest expressly for safe custody with the proprietor or some servant of his authorised , or appearing to be authorised , for the purpose , and , if so [] by the proprietor or that servant , in a container fastened or sealed by the depositor ; or

An innkeeper , as we have seen , is under a duty to provide reasonable refreshment if so required and accommodation to a traveller ; hence , the innkeeper has a right of lien over a traveller 's property as well as over a guests ' to ensure that the traveller 's bill is duly paid .
an innkeeper , as we have seen , is under a duty to provide reasonable refreshment if so [] and accommodation to a traveller ; hence , the innkeeper has a right of lien over a traveller 's property as well as over a guests ' to ensure that the traveller 's bill is duly paid .

Fire certificates are required for certain kinds of premises , including many hotels .
fire certificates are [] for certain kinds of premises , including many hotels .

All premises within the scope of the 1963 Act are required to be kept in a clean state .
all premises within the scope of the 1963 act are [] to be kept in a clean state .

There are a number of different forms of entertainment where a licence of some sort or other is required by law .
there are a number of different forms of entertainment where a licence of some sort or other is [] by law .

It had been pulling the small cart through backstreets for years now and seemed to know instinctively that it would probably be required to stop at any moment , so there was no point in hurrying .
it had been pulling the small cart through backstreets for years now and seemed to know instinctively that it would probably be [] to stop at any moment , so there was no point in hurrying .

This form is to be completed if the transfer of a single entry or the transfer of a range of entries from/to the working set to/from the table of origin is required .
this form is to be completed if the transfer of a single entry or the transfer of a range of entries from/to the working set to/from the table of origin is [] .

To avoid ambiguity it is good practice to complete the comments section even if the current version is required .
to avoid ambiguity it is good practice to complete the comments section even if the current version is [] .

This form is to be completed if proofing of an individual entry or a range of entries is required .
this form is to be completed if proofing of an individual entry or a range of entries is [] .

This form is to be completed if cross-reference reports on an individual entry or a range of entries is required .
this form is to be completed if cross-reference reports on an individual entry or a range of entries is [] .

When a single entry is required the identifier should be placed in the Start column .
when a single entry is [] the identifier should be placed in the start column .

In this case a tick is required in the Target box .
in this case a tick is [] in the target box .

In this case a tick is required in the Source box .
in this case a tick is [] in the source box .

for problems where a change in function is required , close the problem report and invoke the Change Management Procedure
for problems where a change in function is [] , close the problem report and invoke the change management procedure

For absences of more than seven calendar days ( long spells ) , a medical certificate was required .
for absences of more than seven calendar days ( long spells ) , a medical certificate was [] .

Five of the nine practices had been collecting the types of data required by the regional health authority for several years , and all of the practices had computer systems in operation before the preparation period .
five of the nine practices had been collecting the types of data [] by the regional health authority for several years , and all of the practices had computer systems in operation before the preparation period .

Much more debate is required .
much more debate is [] .

Resuscitation restored the circulation , but the patient required artificial ventilation and inotropic support thereafter .
resuscitation restored the circulation , but the patient [] artificial ventilation and inotropic support thereafter .

She required continuous inotropic support and was now developing interstitial emphysema .
she [] continuous inotropic support and was now developing interstitial emphysema .

One is that a loading dose is required in patients with apparently normal renal function , and the other is that the  standard  dose is 80 mg intravenously eight hourly .
one is that a loading dose is [] in patients with apparently normal renal function , and the other is that the  standard  dose is 80 mg intravenously eight hourly .

The number of occasions when prolonged treatment with aminoglycosides is required is small , but in these cases the risks of ototoxicity are high and the costs of failing to monitor for this disabling condition can be considerable .
the number of occasions when prolonged treatment with aminoglycosides is [] is small , but in these cases the risks of ototoxicity are high and the costs of failing to monitor for this disabling condition can be considerable .

Considerable investment may be also required to develop information technology systems .
considerable investment may be also [] to develop information technology systems .

Suppliers are required to submit each proposal in writing by the tender submission date of 1 August 1983 .
suppliers are [] to submit each proposal in writing by the tender submission date of 1 august 1983 .

Three copies of each proposal are required .
three copies of each proposal are [] .

Hence there must be a facility for storing the cross- reference until it is required , and a system by which the editor is reminded that that cross- reference needs to be written in at the other point ( earlier or later in the text ) .
hence there must be a facility for storing the cross- reference until it is [] , and a system by which the editor is reminded that that cross- reference needs to be written in at the other point ( earlier or later in the text ) .

The urgency with which these facilities are required is dependent on whether the cross-reference correction is to be done at the integration stage ( 4.2 ) or at the revision stage ( 4.4 ) .
the urgency with which these facilities are [] is dependent on whether the cross-reference correction is to be done at the integration stage ( 4.2 ) or at the revision stage ( 4.4 ) .

The Press is also required by the University to be financially self-sufficient .
the press is also [] by the university to be financially self-sufficient .

a summary of the modifications required ( if any ) .
a summary of the modifications [] ( if any ) .

Required Background Information
[] background information

Where the organization making the proposal manufactures , supplies , and maintains all the equipment and software , presentation of the required information will be a simple matter .
where the organization making the proposal manufactures , supplies , and maintains all the equipment and software , presentation of the [] information will be a simple matter .

However , in analysing behaviour in organizations , it is extremely useful to consider the two sets apart  on the one hand the goals relating to the individual search for a comfortable lifestyle , and on the other those relating to the search for a definition of what is required of each individual .
however , in analysing behaviour in organizations , it is extremely useful to consider the two sets apart  on the one hand the goals relating to the individual search for a comfortable lifestyle , and on the other those relating to the search for a definition of what is [] of each individual .

If employees deviated from the required behaviour patterns then they were threatened with the sack ( and insecurity ) , isolation ( and insecurity ) or promotional restrictions ( failure and insecurity ) .
if employees deviated from the [] behaviour patterns then they were threatened with the sack ( and insecurity ) , isolation ( and insecurity ) or promotional restrictions ( failure and insecurity ) .

Skills and aptitudes required at 60 are rarely learnt in the fifties .
skills and aptitudes [] at 60 are rarely learnt in the fifties .

Information that is not required is filtered out .
information that is not [] is filtered out .

Some of these signals are about required behaviour .
some of these signals are about [] behaviour .

Role conflict occurs when more than one role is required in the same situation .
role conflict occurs when more than one role is [] in the same situation .

New employees join an organization of interacting players , whose perceptions and expectations establish norms of required behaviour .
new employees join an organization of interacting players , whose perceptions and expectations establish norms of [] behaviour .

Apart from data required for control , most upward communication in organizations can be categorized into the following groups :
apart from data [] for control , most upward communication in organizations can be categorized into the following groups :

Norms begin as our expectations ; these then merge or converge with others ' expectations to produce  rules  about required behaviour .
norms begin as our expectations ; these then merge or converge with others ' expectations to produce  rules  about [] behaviour .

 This approach was partly dictated by the committee 's terms of reference , which required it to take  account of resource assumptions and other guidance which the Secretary of State  may give ,  and by the fact that its secretariat was provided by the Department of Health 's Medical Manpower Executive .
 this approach was partly dictated by the committee 's terms of reference , which [] it to take  account of resource assumptions and other guidance which the secretary of state  may give ,  and by the fact that its secretariat was provided by the department of health 's medical manpower executive .

The report makes a fair attempt to assess the future demand for medical staff within these constraints but shies away from estimating the number of doctors required to provide both an acceptable service to patients and acceptable working conditions for doctors themselves .
the report makes a fair attempt to assess the future demand for medical staff within these constraints but shies away from estimating the number of doctors [] to provide both an acceptable service to patients and acceptable working conditions for doctors themselves .

To detect a difference of 0.6 mmol/l 17 patients would be required for 80 % power at the 5 % significance level .
to detect a difference of 0.6 mmol/l 17 patients would be [] for 80 % power at the 5 % significance level .

Outcome measures recorded included Apgar scores , initial packed cell volume , peak serum bilirubin concentrations recorded , red cell transfusions required and respiratory impairment assessed by ventilatory requirements , arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio over the first day in ventilated infants , and duration of dependence on supplemental oxygen .
outcome measures recorded included apgar scores , initial packed cell volume , peak serum bilirubin concentrations recorded , red cell transfusions [] and respiratory impairment assessed by ventilatory requirements , arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratio over the first day in ventilated infants , and duration of dependence on supplemental oxygen .

Seven of 13 ventilated infants in the random group required multiple red cell transfusions compared with one of 13 in the regulated group ( p=0.03 ; Fisher 's exact test ) .
seven of 13 ventilated infants in the random group [] multiple red cell transfusions compared with one of 13 in the regulated group ( p=0.03 ; fisher 's exact test ) .

Fewer infants in the regulated group required high inspired oxygen concentrations , their median supplemental oxygen dependence time was shorter , and their first day arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratios were more favourable .
fewer infants in the regulated group [] high inspired oxygen concentrations , their median supplemental oxygen dependence time was shorter , and their first day arterial-alveolar oxygen tension ratios were more favourable .

However , our study can not exclude that enalapril and hydrochlorothiazide had different hypotensive effects , because to detect a difference of 5 mm Hg between the two groups , with 90 % power , would have required 191 patients in each group .
however , our study can not exclude that enalapril and hydrochlorothiazide had different hypotensive effects , because to detect a difference of 5 mm hg between the two groups , with 90 % power , would have [] 191 patients in each group .

Diagnosis by clinical methods is unreliable and confirmation is required by laparoscopy or laparotomy .
diagnosis by clinical methods is unreliable and confirmation is [] by laparoscopy or laparotomy .

Retinal photographs were taken by a trained ophthalmic photographer and photographs were classified into five groups ( no abnormality , background changes , maculopathy or proliferative retinopathy , other eye disease , and cataracts , or unreadable ) by specialists in diabetes in conjunction with consultant ophthalmologists when required .
retinal photographs were taken by a trained ophthalmic photographer and photographs were classified into five groups ( no abnormality , background changes , maculopathy or proliferative retinopathy , other eye disease , and cataracts , or unreadable ) by specialists in diabetes in conjunction with consultant ophthalmologists when [] .

The cost of 1000 for the identification of each patient that required laser photocoagulation is relatively low .
the cost of 1000 for the identification of each patient that [] laser photocoagulation is relatively low .

Some services may be effectively provided in general practice rather than hospitals . Research evidence is required before new patterns can be set up
some services may be effectively provided in general practice rather than hospitals . research evidence is [] before new patterns can be set up

General practitioners find themselves already required to divulge cervical smear and immunisation status to family health services authorities and district health authorities , which run the screening programme 's recall systems .
general practitioners find themselves already [] to divulge cervical smear and immunisation status to family health services authorities and district health authorities , which run the screening programme 's recall systems .

The disciplines involved in the primary care sector , the problems and services which are the subject of research and development , and the research methods and specialist resources required to support the primary care sector all vary significantly compared with the secondary sector .
the disciplines involved in the primary care sector , the problems and services which are the subject of research and development , and the research methods and specialist resources [] to support the primary care sector all vary significantly compared with the secondary sector .

Fundamental changes are required by both consultants and management before the preregistration year can have proper educational value .
fundamental changes are [] by both consultants and management before the preregistration year can have proper educational value .

Consequently , to test this viewpoint three educationalists and two consultants helped prepare a questionnaire asking 28 questions under four headings : professional details of the consultants ; their present arrangements for training preregistration house officers ; their assessment of the effectiveness of this training ; and their view of the help required for implementing the new recommendations .
consequently , to test this viewpoint three educationalists and two consultants helped prepare a questionnaire asking 28 questions under four headings : professional details of the consultants ; their present arrangements for training preregistration house officers ; their assessment of the effectiveness of this training ; and their view of the help [] for implementing the new recommendations .

help required to implement new recommendations
help [] to implement new recommendations

In Britain basic medical education ends with a year as a preregistration house officer in approved hospital posts that provide the general clinical experience required before full registration with the General Medical Council .
in britain basic medical education ends with a year as a preregistration house officer in approved hospital posts that provide the general clinical experience [] before full registration with the general medical council .

Managers of the system have had a continuing battle for the funding and managerial autonomy required to run it , and the corporation 's survival has at times been in serious doubt .
managers of the system have had a continuing battle for the funding and managerial autonomy [] to run it , and the corporation 's survival has at times been in serious doubt .

Further actions required of the Change Coordinator are described below .
further actions [] of the change coordinator are described below .

estimate the resource required to implement the change , and any recommended alternative .
estimate the resource [] to implement the change , and any recommended alternative .

Description of Change : a description of the required change .
description of change : a description of the [] change .

Candidates are required to sell themselves to the voters not so much on the strength of their stands on the issues as on their personal qualities .
candidates are [] to sell themselves to the voters not so much on the strength of their stands on the issues as on their personal qualities .

On the other hand , Ford possessed few of the qualities required of a real leader :  conditioned not to offend , [ he ] did not know how to inspire , persuade or force people to go any place .
on the other hand , ford possessed few of the qualities [] of a real leader :  conditioned not to offend , [ he ] did not know how to inspire , persuade or force people to go any place .

By late December , however , the president had , in any case , reversed his position and now took the view that rather than a tax increase a tax cut was required to stimulate the economy .
by late december , however , the president had , in any case , reversed his position and now took the view that rather than a tax increase a tax cut was [] to stimulate the economy .

 All in all President Ford faced many disadvantages , but he also appears to have lacked the mettle , the tactical know-how , the commitment to goals and the persuasive skills required for effective presidential leadership .
 all in all president ford faced many disadvantages , but he also appears to have lacked the mettle , the tactical know-how , the commitment to goals and the persuasive skills [] for effective presidential leadership .

 Politicians rarely deal in objective answers ; in the real world of politics , they are often obliged to steer a course between incompatible interests ; they are required to bargain and accommodate and must always settle for less than ideal policies .
 politicians rarely deal in objective answers ; in the real world of politics , they are often obliged to steer a course between incompatible interests ; they are [] to bargain and accommodate and must always settle for less than ideal policies .

During his first term , Reagan and his staff eventually developed a better appreciation of the merits and responsibilities of legislators and came to realize that the making of policy required the executive branch to  bargain with , cajole and otherwise court the legislative branch  .
during his first term , reagan and his staff eventually developed a better appreciation of the merits and responsibilities of legislators and came to realize that the making of policy [] the executive branch to  bargain with , cajole and otherwise court the legislative branch  .

Over many years in California they had acquired the know-how required to exploit a weak party situation .
over many years in california they had acquired the know-how [] to exploit a weak party situation .

This required , above all , substantial tax cuts to foster hard work , enterprise and saving .
this [] , above all , substantial tax cuts to foster hard work , enterprise and saving .

Before attempting to introduce the legislation this strategy required , the Reagan forces prepared the ground by taking unprecedented steps to ensure that those appointed to the new administration were fully committed to the president 's aims .
before attempting to introduce the legislation this strategy [] , the reagan forces prepared the ground by taking unprecedented steps to ensure that those appointed to the new administration were fully committed to the president 's aims .

Before the expenditure of any money can be approved , authorization is required and this is a matter for the specialist , standing committees .
before the expenditure of any money can be approved , authorization is [] and this is a matter for the specialist , standing committees .

The effect of this profoundly important innovation was that members of Congress were required to vote up or down the administration 's complete package of cuts at the beginning of the congressional phase of the budgetary process .
the effect of this profoundly important innovation was that members of congress were [] to vote up or down the administration 's complete package of cuts at the beginning of the congressional phase of the budgetary process .

As the moment approached for a key procedural vote that would make or break Reagan 's programme , Stockman received an agitated telephone call from Bill Thomas , a conservative Republican from California and an agent of the administration on Capitol Hill : This extended quotation provides a fascinating picture of the American pluralist system in operation while helping us to understand why the Reaganites were successful in fashioning the coalitions they required in the House of Representatives .
as the moment approached for a key procedural vote that would make or break reagan 's programme , stockman received an agitated telephone call from bill thomas , a conservative republican from california and an agent of the administration on capitol hill : this extended quotation provides a fascinating picture of the american pluralist system in operation while helping us to understand why the reaganites were successful in fashioning the coalitions they [] in the house of representatives .

With the yield from the land at best stagnant and the available work-force actually contracting , only naked force could extract the required surplus from the Peasantry .
with the yield from the land at best stagnant and the available work-force actually contracting , only naked force could extract the [] surplus from the peasantry .

It became possible to instil the drill , discipline , and skills required to make the army an effective fighting force .
it became possible to instil the drill , discipline , and skills [] to make the army an effective fighting force .

The production of leading minerals required by the railway programme  iron , coal , and oil  rose almost as fast between 1885 and 1900 , and virtually every sector of industry benefited from the stimulus .
the production of leading minerals [] by the railway programme  iron , coal , and oil  rose almost as fast between 1885 and 1900 , and virtually every sector of industry benefited from the stimulus .

Likewise , even conservative ministers felt the force of the argument , ably expounded by Witte , that the regime 's domestic stability depended upon its financial strength  and this required sustained economic growth .
likewise , even conservative ministers felt the force of the argument , ably expounded by witte , that the regime 's domestic stability depended upon its financial strength  and this [] sustained economic growth .

Sustained efforts made to limit educational opportunities for commoners were inspired in part by the hope that this would ensure that noblemen would provide the increasingly specialized and trained personnel required .
sustained efforts made to limit educational opportunities for commoners were inspired in part by the hope that this would ensure that noblemen would provide the increasingly specialized and trained personnel [] .

One publisher requires that authors warrant that the article does not infringe any copyright , trademark or patent , that is not libellous and so on ( matters that are beyond the competence of the author to judge ) and the author is required to indemnify the publishers  against any costs expenses , or damages which [ the publisher ] may incur or for which [ the publisher ] may become liable as a result of any breach of these warranties  .
one publisher requires that authors warrant that the article does not infringe any copyright , trademark or patent , that is not libellous and so on ( matters that are beyond the competence of the author to judge ) and the author is [] to indemnify the publishers  against any costs expenses , or damages which [ the publisher ] may incur or for which [ the publisher ] may become liable as a result of any breach of these warranties  .

It is known which specific immune responses are required for therapeutic benefit , so we have proceeded cautiously .
it is known which specific immune responses are [] for therapeutic benefit , so we have proceeded cautiously .

More information is required before gastric lavage can be abandoned completely in favour of giving activated charcoal , but a reasonable alternative to lavage could be to give 50100 g of activated charcoal to adults who have taken a substantial overdose of a toxic substance no more than two hours previously .
more information is [] before gastric lavage can be abandoned completely in favour of giving activated charcoal , but a reasonable alternative to lavage could be to give 50100 g of activated charcoal to adults who have taken a substantial overdose of a toxic substance no more than two hours previously .

Further studies are required to establish its place and the dose to be given .
further studies are [] to establish its place and the dose to be given .

Increased emphasis is required on the identity of and response to the changing needs of physically disabled people , as evidenced by failure of doctors to detect functional deterioration in general practice and hospital outpatient consultations .
increased emphasis is [] on the identity of and response to the changing needs of physically disabled people , as evidenced by failure of doctors to detect functional deterioration in general practice and hospital outpatient consultations .

In addition , help is required for motor neurone disease patients with swallowing disorders .
in addition , help is [] for motor neurone disease patients with swallowing disorders .

Eighteen patients ( 15 men ; three women ) who had required intensive support in hospital before cardiac transplantation and were alive at short term follow up .
eighteen patients ( 15 men ; three women ) who had [] intensive support in hospital before cardiac transplantation and were alive at short term follow up .

All required intensive treatment in hospital with intravenous infusions of cardiac drugs , in addition to various combinations of intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation , peritoneal dialysis , ventilation , and temporary pacing to sustain life , and none had any prospect of discharge from hospital without a transplant .
all [] intensive treatment in hospital with intravenous infusions of cardiac drugs , in addition to various combinations of intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation , peritoneal dialysis , ventilation , and temporary pacing to sustain life , and none had any prospect of discharge from hospital without a transplant .

Of the 18 patients ( 15 men , three women ) surviving short term follow up , all had required at least one intravenous infusion of an inotropic agent or vasodilator ( mean ( range ) 2.2 ( 15 ) infusions ) before transplantation in addition to intravenous diuretics in 17 cases .
of the 18 patients ( 15 men , three women ) surviving short term follow up , all had [] at least one intravenous infusion of an inotropic agent or vasodilator ( mean ( range ) 2.2 ( 15 ) infusions ) before transplantation in addition to intravenous diuretics in 17 cases .

Other drugs were used as required ( anticoagulant agents ( usually intravenous heparin ) , vasodilators , digoxin , diamorphine , plasma expanders ) .
other drugs were used as [] ( anticoagulant agents ( usually intravenous heparin ) , vasodilators , digoxin , diamorphine , plasma expanders ) .

Four patients required intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation .
four patients [] intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation .

Two patients required cardiopulmonary resuscitation at some point in the hospital admission before transplantation , a further patient requiring rescusitation after an angiographic procedure .
two patients [] cardiopulmonary resuscitation at some point in the hospital admission before transplantation , a further patient requiring rescusitation after an angiographic procedure .

Two patients required temporary pacing .
two patients [] temporary pacing .

Of the 14 surviving patients in this report , all had required support with intravenous infusions of cardiac drugs before transplantation , and , in addition , some had developed secondary renal and hepatic dysfunction ; clearly this does not seem to mitigate against a successful outcome to transplantation .
of the 14 surviving patients in this report , all had [] support with intravenous infusions of cardiac drugs before transplantation , and , in addition , some had developed secondary renal and hepatic dysfunction ; clearly this does not seem to mitigate against a successful outcome to transplantation .

The Minnesota smoking prevention programme required teaching methods which were less familiar to many British teachers at that time .
the minnesota smoking prevention programme [] teaching methods which were less familiar to many british teachers at that time .

The pupils were told before completing the questionnaire that they would be required to provide a saliva sample to check the accuracy of their reported behaviour .
the pupils were told before completing the questionnaire that they would be [] to provide a saliva sample to check the accuracy of their reported behaviour .

The teachers who were selected to teach the smoking and me project were required to attend a one day training seminar which familiarised them with the project guide and the group leader approach to teaching .
the teachers who were selected to teach the smoking and me project were [] to attend a one day training seminar which familiarised them with the project guide and the group leader approach to teaching .

Teachers were also required to complete a record sheet providing basic details on each lesson taught together with an overall assessment of the project .
teachers were also [] to complete a record sheet providing basic details on each lesson taught together with an overall assessment of the project .

Studies of hospital practice suggest that larger reductions could be achieved and sustained if the guidelines became a required standard of good general practice and formal peer review was introduced with steps to ensure compliance , particularly among practices with high referral rates .
studies of hospital practice suggest that larger reductions could be achieved and sustained if the guidelines became a [] standard of good general practice and formal peer review was introduced with steps to ensure compliance , particularly among practices with high referral rates .

However , the level of sophistication required both in allocating resources and in organisational competence within practices means it is unlikely to find widespread acceptance .
however , the level of sophistication [] both in allocating resources and in organisational competence within practices means it is unlikely to find widespread acceptance .

It has a budget of about 12.8 million ( 2.90 per state resident ) per year and is required to spend this in three main areas : buying out tobacco sponsorship and initiating public health sponsorship in sports , arts , and community organisations ; funding health promotion programmes ; and funding medical , especially public health , research .
it has a budget of about 12.8 million ( 2.90 per state resident ) per year and is [] to spend this in three main areas : buying out tobacco sponsorship and initiating public health sponsorship in sports , arts , and community organisations ; funding health promotion programmes ; and funding medical , especially public health , research .

Changes in the sort of education required by students mean that a more professional attitude to teaching must be developed .
changes in the sort of education [] by students mean that a more professional attitude to teaching must be developed .

Then large households required butlers and stewards to satisfy their material needs , marshals for ceremonial .
then large households [] butlers and stewards to satisfy their material needs , marshals for ceremonial .

Equally , the improvements in fortification needed to withstand their effects  thick stone walls , inner as well as outer defences  required incomes greater than those of simple lords .
equally , the improvements in fortification needed to withstand their effects  thick stone walls , inner as well as outer defences  [] incomes greater than those of simple lords .

Resources Required
resources []

Resources Required
resources []

Resources Required
resources []

One tape unit complete with a number of tapes will be required .
one tape unit complete with a number of tapes will be [] .

Resources Required
resources []

This does have some advantages for small retailers in that they can return unsold stock , but the retailer loses flexibility where they are required to maintain the prices recommended by manufacturers .
this does have some advantages for small retailers in that they can return unsold stock , but the retailer loses flexibility where they are [] to maintain the prices recommended by manufacturers .

The 10 per cent of employees that are temporary or seasonal workers can be laid off or recruited as required , and altering the proportion of output coming from subcontractors causes them in turn to adjust their labour force .
the 10 per cent of employees that are temporary or seasonal workers can be laid off or recruited as [] , and altering the proportion of output coming from subcontractors causes them in turn to adjust their labour force .

Any lack of required work effort by an individual will affect the immediate group bonus and so peer pressure can be significant .
any lack of [] work effort by an individual will affect the immediate group bonus and so peer pressure can be significant .

The Outline Statement of User Requirements identifies the functions , method of operation , performance levels , control , and security which are required of the new computer system .
the outline statement of user requirements identifies the functions , method of operation , performance levels , control , and security which are [] of the new computer system .

The response of the system should be such that the users are not required to wait during text manipulation .
the response of the system should be such that the users are not [] to wait during text manipulation .

In order to meet the requirements for secure storage of all documents processed by the system , a comprehensive archiving system is required . It should include the following facilities as a minimum :
in order to meet the requirements for secure storage of all documents processed by the system , a comprehensive archiving system is [] . it should include the following facilities as a minimum :

In order that the system can meet the required standard of availability , and to simplify control of the archive , lexicographers are only presented with a sub-set of dictionary entries at any one time .
in order that the system can meet the [] standard of availability , and to simplify control of the archive , lexicographers are only presented with a sub-set of dictionary entries at any one time .

Access to entry text is controlled by the Entry and/or Lemma tables which enable the required entry and its current version to be identified , and by the Range table , which specifies in which of the 40 Text tables the material is to be found .
access to entry text is controlled by the entry and/or lemma tables which enable the [] entry and its current version to be identified , and by the range table , which specifies in which of the 40 text tables the material is to be found .

The Computer Group will confine their activities to producing reports requested by lexicographers and to the production of low volumes of proofs when these are required .
the computer group will confine their activities to producing reports requested by lexicographers and to the production of low volumes of proofs when these are [] .

When the required work has been performed on a bundle of entries , ownership is transferred to a more senior group concerned with editorial approval and resolving any residual difficulties .
when the [] work has been performed on a bundle of entries , ownership is transferred to a more senior group concerned with editorial approval and resolving any residual difficulties .

The system is required to cope with a turnaround of some 500 entries a day .
the system is [] to cope with a turnaround of some 500 entries a day .

One working day 's notice will normally be required before any request is serviced or added to the Computer Group task list .
one working day 's notice will normally be [] before any request is serviced or added to the computer group task list .

Additional reports e.g. showing approved entries and responsible lexicographer , will be produced within one working day when required .
additional reports e.g. showing approved entries and responsible lexicographer , will be produced within one working day when [] .

Secondary processes are those required to guarantee standards of availability , recoverability etc .
secondary processes are those [] to guarantee standards of availability , recoverability etc .

Having identified themselves , lexicographers are required to authenticate their identity by use of a password .
having identified themselves , lexicographers are [] to authenticate their identity by use of a password .

Lexicographers are required to change their passwords regularly .
lexicographers are [] to change their passwords regularly .

Typically , much less memory will be required for editing .
typically , much less memory will be [] for editing .

Some additional space will be required for proofing .
some additional space will be [] for proofing .

In the event of equipment failures or software errors occurring , the lexicographers will lose no more than 17 hours of available time in any continuous three month period as a result of extra processing required to correct data damaged by the errors .
in the event of equipment failures or software errors occurring , the lexicographers will lose no more than 17 hours of available time in any continuous three month period as a result of extra processing [] to correct data damaged by the errors .

Once the power supply is restored , the time required to correct data damaged will not add to the time required for recovery from systems errors described above .
once the power supply is restored , the time [] to correct data damaged will not add to the time [] for recovery from systems errors described above .

Thorough testing is required to ensure that no unwanted side effects or errors result .
thorough testing is [] to ensure that no unwanted side effects or errors result .

For example , some seven seconds of processor time are required to create the data structure for the entry  eight  ( twice the time taken to retrieve the entry from the database ) .
for example , some seven seconds of processor time are [] to create the data structure for the entry  eight  ( twice the time taken to retrieve the entry from the database ) .

The effect of addressing a location which is not available in real memory is to interrupt the operating system , which will then retrieve the required page of virtual memory ( by reading it from disk , making room for it in main memory , and if necessary writing some other page in main storage to disk ) .
the effect of addressing a location which is not available in real memory is to interrupt the operating system , which will then retrieve the [] page of virtual memory ( by reading it from disk , making room for it in main memory , and if necessary writing some other page in main storage to disk ) .

System availability will be reported as a percentage of required available time over a rolling three month period .
system availability will be reported as a percentage of [] available time over a rolling three month period .

Using randomization , it is possible to generate many examples of a similar nature that , if required , can also be self-grading against pupil performance .
using randomization , it is possible to generate many examples of a similar nature that , if [] , can also be self-grading against pupil performance .

It may well be more effective for the program not to attempt anything too complicated and for the teacher to provide and guide the questions at the level required .
it may well be more effective for the program not to attempt anything too complicated and for the teacher to provide and guide the questions at the level [] .

In this situation , it is worth comparing in detail the advantages of continuing the development of the unit exactly as required but on a limited range of systems , as against modifying the design so that it can be implemented on a wider range .
in this situation , it is worth comparing in detail the advantages of continuing the development of the unit exactly as [] but on a limited range of systems , as against modifying the design so that it can be implemented on a wider range .

These devices in effect increase the size of program which can be run on a given machine , because much of the required data can be stored externally until needed .
these devices in effect increase the size of program which can be run on a given machine , because much of the [] data can be stored externally until needed .

In particular this means providing foolproof error-checking routines and positive help messages when required .
in particular this means providing foolproof error-checking routines and positive help messages when [] .

Efficiency could be measured in terms of speed of performance , the least amount of storage required or the least number of program lines .
efficiency could be measured in terms of speed of performance , the least amount of storage [] or the least number of program lines .

The programmer has to be aware right from the initial design stage of the implications of the program design in terms of memory and speed requirements , and must be aware of techniques for optimizing any combination of these factors that is required .
the programmer has to be aware right from the initial design stage of the implications of the program design in terms of memory and speed requirements , and must be aware of techniques for optimizing any combination of these factors that is [] .

Though not absolutely essential for a first draft version of a program , it is very important for later versions to be logically structured and easily readable so that they can be easily understood and modified by the author and others if required .
though not absolutely essential for a first draft version of a program , it is very important for later versions to be logically structured and easily readable so that they can be easily understood and modified by the author and others if [] .

These are useful if they have been constructed flexibly enough to allow for complex unusual facilities to be used if required , and thus do not negate their advantage by imposing restrictions on the designers and programmers , Structure should be built in from the beginning .
these are useful if they have been constructed flexibly enough to allow for complex unusual facilities to be used if [] , and thus do not negate their advantage by imposing restrictions on the designers and programmers , structure should be built in from the beginning .

We first consider a very simple computer , with which we can introduce the basic concepts and terminology required for the remainder of the book .
we first consider a very simple computer , with which we can introduce the basic concepts and terminology [] for the remainder of the book .

We discuss the various arithmetic operations required for this type of system ; modifications for the other systems described in 3.2 should be obvious .
we discuss the various arithmetic operations [] for this type of system ; modifications for the other systems described in 3.2 should be obvious .

We could provide no hardware for these operations , so that they must be programmed when required out of the basic steps of addition , subtraction , and shifting .
we could provide no hardware for these operations , so that they must be programmed when [] out of the basic steps of addition , subtraction , and shifting .

Finally , a correction is required if the multiplier is negative ; in this case the multiplicand is subtracted from the partial product to form the final product .
finally , a correction is [] if the multiplier is negative ; in this case the multiplicand is subtracted from the partial product to form the final product .

On some computers , no automatic tests are made for overflow , and the programmer has to incorporate into his program explicit checks for overflow as required .
on some computers , no automatic tests are made for overflow , and the programmer has to incorporate into his program explicit checks for overflow as [] .

Since logical values are manipulated in the accumulator used for fixed-point binary arithmetic , no separate load and store instructions are required .
since logical values are manipulated in the accumulator used for fixed-point binary arithmetic , no separate load and store instructions are [] .

We studied the operations required by those dominant data-types which act on a complete word : fixed and floating-point binary arithmetic , and logical values .
we studied the operations [] by those dominant data-types which act on a complete word : fixed and floating-point binary arithmetic , and logical values .

Here we have a design based on the character , providing the character string handling requirements of the commercial application , with a word-oriented architecture superimposed upon it , to allow the more efficient binary arithmetic to be used when required .
here we have a design based on the character , providing the character string handling requirements of the commercial application , with a word-oriented architecture superimposed upon it , to allow the more efficient binary arithmetic to be used when [] .

The use of a mode register reduces the number of operation codes required , but it does not eliminate the problem of an instruction being given operands of one format when it expects another format .
the use of a mode register reduces the number of operation codes [] , but it does not eliminate the problem of an instruction being given operands of one format when it expects another format .

Many computers have a further field in the instruction , to specify subsidiary information required by an operation .
many computers have a further field in the instruction , to specify subsidiary information [] by an operation .

If we have a fixed-length instruction word with one of the formats shown in Figure 3.1 ( a ) - ( c ) , then the number of bits required to specify such secondary information as an operand address limits the size of the operation code field , and therefore limits the maximum number of different operations with this amount of secondary information .
if we have a fixed-length instruction word with one of the formats shown in figure 3.1 ( a ) - ( c ) , then the number of bits [] to specify such secondary information as an operand address limits the size of the operation code field , and therefore limits the maximum number of different operations with this amount of secondary information .

It will sometimes be the case that , for certain instruction groups , the number of bits required fully to specify an operation and all its associated information is less than the computer word length ; so these groups are using the word inefficiently , and are candidates for occupying only a portion of a word .
it will sometimes be the case that , for certain instruction groups , the number of bits [] fully to specify an operation and all its associated information is less than the computer word length ; so these groups are using the word inefficiently , and are candidates for occupying only a portion of a word .

An example of this is the Von Neumann computer , where arithmetic precision requirements forced a much longer word length than was required for instructions .
an example of this is the von neumann computer , where arithmetic precision requirements forced a much longer word length than was [] for instructions .

The operator syllable implies ( or specifies in a subfield ) how many syllables are required for the instruction .
the operator syllable implies ( or specifies in a subfield ) how many syllables are [] for the instruction .

The instructions have to specify the accumulator to be used as well as the store address , giving some of the advantages of the two-address system without the long instruction format required to hold a second store address ; this technique has therefore sometimes been called the `` 1-address system `` .
the instructions have to specify the accumulator to be used as well as the store address , giving some of the advantages of the two-address system without the long instruction format [] to hold a second store address ; this technique has therefore sometimes been called the `` 1-address system `` .

Let us now consider the types of instruction required by a computer with an array of accumulators .
let us now consider the types of instruction [] by a computer with an array of accumulators .

The type of manipulation required would be specified by the operation code of the accessing instruction , or by a descriptor referred to in the instruction .
the type of manipulation [] would be specified by the operation code of the accessing instruction , or by a descriptor referred to in the instruction .

The subroutine or procedure is another important programming device , whereby several pieces of similar program code are replaced by one piece of code to which control is passed as required .
the subroutine or procedure is another important programming device , whereby several pieces of similar program code are replaced by one piece of code to which control is passed as [] .

However sometimes the subroutine linkage instructions themselves automatically save and restore some part of the required information ( typically processor flags such as overflow ) .
however sometimes the subroutine linkage instructions themselves automatically save and restore some part of the [] information ( typically processor flags such as overflow ) .

The computer 's instruction set has evolved to provide the facilities required by the programmer , or to provide as one instruction a group of operations commonly found together .
the computer 's instruction set has evolved to provide the facilities [] by the programmer , or to provide as one instruction a group of operations commonly found together .

What is now required is a simple instruction set without idiosyncrasies , since a compiler may be unable to recognize points in a program where it might use a sophisticated facility .
what is now [] is a simple instruction set without idiosyncrasies , since a compiler may be unable to recognize points in a program where it might use a sophisticated facility .

There is a large discrepancy between the functions provided by the hardware of a computer ( as described in this book ) , and the problem-solving device required by the user and the computer manager .
there is a large discrepancy between the functions provided by the hardware of a computer ( as described in this book ) , and the problem-solving device [] by the user and the computer manager .

Since we wish to keep small the amount of main store occupied by the operating system , most of it is non-resident , being stored on magnetic disc or drum and brought into main store as required .
since we wish to keep small the amount of main store occupied by the operating system , most of it is non-resident , being stored on magnetic disc or drum and brought into main store as [] .

However there must be a core of supervisory functions resident in main store at all times , which can bring in other functions as required .
however there must be a core of supervisory functions resident in main store at all times , which can bring in other functions as [] .

This is especially the case where we have an instruction set defined for a compatible range of computers , since it will be difficult to implement economically at the lower ( and cheaper ) end of the range the complex facilities required at the upper end ( though microprogramming may be an answer ) .
this is especially the case where we have an instruction set defined for a compatible range of computers , since it will be difficult to implement economically at the lower ( and cheaper ) end of the range the complex facilities [] at the upper end ( though microprogramming may be an answer ) .

Micro-instruction sequencing in this case would be by the automatic incrementation of a microprogram counter ; jump instructions are then required as in conventional programming .
micro-instruction sequencing in this case would be by the automatic incrementation of a microprogram counter ; jump instructions are then [] as in conventional programming .

The result is that they make less use of their linguistic resources than they do at home and have less opportunity to extend those they already possess , except perhaps in relation to the specific vocabulary associated with the tasks they are required to perform .
the result is that they make less use of their linguistic resources than they do at home and have less opportunity to extend those they already possess , except perhaps in relation to the specific vocabulary associated with the tasks they are [] to perform .

Too often , however , the current concern with curriculum takes little account of what individual pupils bring to the tasks they are required to perform , concentrating instead on the specification of structured and graded teaching steps that will help to ensure that all pupils progress in a predetermined sequence towards a predetermined goal .
too often , however , the current concern with curriculum takes little account of what individual pupils bring to the tasks they are [] to perform , concentrating instead on the specification of structured and graded teaching steps that will help to ensure that all pupils progress in a predetermined sequence towards a predetermined goal .

At the other extreme , we may consider the required description ( which is , after all , that of a pathway , not a journey ) to be locational and functional .
at the other extreme , we may consider the [] description ( which is , after all , that of a pathway , not a journey ) to be locational and functional .

Some teachers gave ad hoc help to pupils in the use of reference books , but there appeared little systematic guidance given to pupils on the reading and study techniques required to make the most effective use of their time and efforts .
some teachers gave ad hoc help to pupils in the use of reference books , but there appeared little systematic guidance given to pupils on the reading and study techniques [] to make the most effective use of their time and efforts .

After all , teachers are not generally too concerned with whether a child learns exactly what the average length of a brontosaurus was , or exactly how wide apart railway lines are , but they should be concerned that the child has the skills necessary to find out that information should it be required .
after all , teachers are not generally too concerned with whether a child learns exactly what the average length of a brontosaurus was , or exactly how wide apart railway lines are , but they should be concerned that the child has the skills necessary to find out that information should it be [] .

It also includes the skills of using books , such as using the contents and the index to track down the topics required .
it also includes the skills of using books , such as using the contents and the index to track down the topics [] .

Another type of game that involves a lot of reading , and where the child is required to process large amounts of information , take decisions on the basis of that information , and see the consequences , is the simulation .
another type of game that involves a lot of reading , and where the child is [] to process large amounts of information , take decisions on the basis of that information , and see the consequences , is the simulation .

Thus whilst 2.3 and 3.2 are the two ways of writing 6 as a product of ( positive ) irreducibles the expression 7 is regarded as the required product decomposition for the integer 7 .
thus whilst 2.3 and 3.2 are the two ways of writing 6 as a product of ( positive ) irreducibles the expression 7 is regarded as the [] product decomposition for the integer 7 .

It should be easy to prove that d is the required gcd .
it should be easy to prove that d is the [] gcd .

as required .
as [] .

It is to a system or structure of government that consent is required , not to particular governments , let alone particular decisions or policies .
it is to a system or structure of government that consent is [] , not to particular governments , let alone particular decisions or policies .

But even when consent is given a more positive content , and a definite `` yes `` is required rather than the mere absence of `` no `` , it remains an indelibly passive concept .
but even when consent is given a more positive content , and a definite `` yes `` is [] rather than the mere absence of `` no `` , it remains an indelibly passive concept .

Most important , given the conditions of extreme poverty in which the majority of Salvadorean families live , children are required to work .
most important , given the conditions of extreme poverty in which the majority of salvadorean families live , children are [] to work .

Davis and Fraenkel , 1940 ) and as flight continues uninterruptedly for many hours in some species , a reserve of oxidizable material is required ( Sacktor , 5970 ) .
davis and fraenkel , 1940 ) and as flight continues uninterruptedly for many hours in some species , a reserve of oxidizable material is [] ( sacktor , 5970 ) .

The complicated movements required in flight are coordinated by a number of reflex mechanisms , some of which have now been studied in detail ( Pringle , 1968 ; Wilson 1968 ) .
the complicated movements [] in flight are coordinated by a number of reflex mechanisms , some of which have now been studied in detail ( pringle , 1968 ; wilson 1968 ) .

In addition , some nerve cells have a special secretory role ( p. 273 ) and the integrity of the nervous system may be required for normal development and regeneration of other tissues ( Finlayson , 1960 ; Nuesch , 1968 ) .
in addition , some nerve cells have a special secretory role ( p. 273 ) and the integrity of the nervous system may be [] for normal development and regeneration of other tissues ( finlayson , 1960 ; nuesch , 1968 ) .

Some of the coarser ones have long been known from simple histological studies , but more recent mapping of the nerve tracts and individual axonal connections has required a variety of specialized techniques .
some of the coarser ones have long been known from simple histological studies , but more recent mapping of the nerve tracts and individual axonal connections has [] a variety of specialized techniques .

For several of the purposes listed above a comparison between pupils is required .
for several of the purposes listed above a comparison between pupils is [] .

When feedback to those centrally concerned with a pupil 's education is required then information on what the pupil knows and can do would be more valuable .
when feedback to those centrally concerned with a pupil 's education is [] then information on what the pupil knows and can do would be more valuable .

Organizers of schemes interviewed during the initial review indicated their reluctance to modify their schemes substantially in view of the time and expense required .
organizers of schemes interviewed during the initial review indicated their reluctance to modify their schemes substantially in view of the time and expense [] .

`` Oral `` was often used by the writers of a scheme interchangeably with `` mental `` to refer to a test which required pupils to work out answers mentally although it was normally the teacher who performed the oral task of reading out the questions ; the pupil 's task being aural and written .
`` oral `` was often used by the writers of a scheme interchangeably with `` mental `` to refer to a test which [] pupils to work out answers mentally although it was normally the teacher who performed the oral task of reading out the questions ; the pupil 's task being aural and written .

Teachers may form a consortium in order to administer and validate the scheme and moderation procedures of some kind will be required to ensure reliability .
teachers may form a consortium in order to administer and validate the scheme and moderation procedures of some kind will be [] to ensure reliability .

The information was also required to ascertain what assessment materials could be included at different levels of a graduated test scheme so that pupils taking each level could achieve a high degree of success .
the information was also [] to ascertain what assessment materials could be included at different levels of a graduated test scheme so that pupils taking each level could achieve a high degree of success .

However , any task which required the pupil to break down a number into its place value components  hundreds , tens etc .
however , any task which [] the pupil to break down a number into its place value components  hundreds , tens etc .

The 9.4310.12 question appeared in this test context also , and fewer pupils were successful than when the question was asked directly , probably because the information required had first to be selected by the pupils from all the figures given in the timetables .
the 9.4310.12 question appeared in this test context also , and fewer pupils were successful than when the question was asked directly , probably because the information [] had first to be selected by the pupils from all the figures given in the timetables .

Despite these unfavourable factors a high proportion could read direct information from the table , but any interpretation required by a question or any processing of the required data reduced success rates .
despite these unfavourable factors a high proportion could read direct information from the table , but any interpretation [] by a question or any processing of the [] data reduced success rates .

The error response in the Gloucester-Holyhead question is of interest because it is the top band pupils who are most likely to treat the obliquely placed town names as arrows pointing in the directions of the required figures .
the error response in the gloucester-holyhead question is of interest because it is the top band pupils who are most likely to treat the obliquely placed town names as arrows pointing in the directions of the [] figures .

Fewer do this in response to the next question , presumably because it is not so obvious an effect unless the required figures are being directly pointed at .
fewer do this in response to the next question , presumably because it is not so obvious an effect unless the [] figures are being directly pointed at .

Accurate drawing was required for some constructions and teachers were asked to supply rulers , protractors and compasses .
accurate drawing was [] for some constructions and teachers were asked to supply rulers , protractors and compasses .

Understand the use of ratio as applied to such things as mixtures , e.g. 2 parts sand to 1 part cement ; and recipes , e.g. work out the quantities required for 6 people from a recipe which serves 4 .
understand the use of ratio as applied to such things as mixtures , e.g. 2 parts sand to 1 part cement ; and recipes , e.g. work out the quantities [] for 6 people from a recipe which serves 4 .

If performance is to be improved then discussion and examples relating to these concepts rather than practice in routine skills is probably required .
if performance is to be improved then discussion and examples relating to these concepts rather than practice in routine skills is probably [] .

Oral presentation places an additional load on the memory in mental tasks which was found to be only partly ameliorated by supplying the numbers or other information required to answer the questions .
oral presentation places an additional load on the memory in mental tasks which was found to be only partly ameliorated by supplying the numbers or other information [] to answer the questions .

Criteria for criterion-referenced assessment may be derived on the basis of an analysis of the subject matter in terms of the skills , concepts and strategies required to meet a criterion . ``
criteria for criterion-referenced assessment may be derived on the basis of an analysis of the subject matter in terms of the skills , concepts and strategies [] to meet a criterion . ``

Criteria may range in breadth from very narrow ( `` can add two single-digit numbers when no regrouping is required `` ) to very broad ( `` can calculate using any of the four rules of number `` ) ; the narrower a criterion statement the less equivocal its reference and so the more precisely assessment tasks based on it will be specified .
criteria may range in breadth from very narrow ( `` can add two single-digit numbers when no regrouping is [] `` ) to very broad ( `` can calculate using any of the four rules of number `` ) ; the narrower a criterion statement the less equivocal its reference and so the more precisely assessment tasks based on it will be specified .

The place value identification of criterion 1a is required in addition to the distributive law and this combination proved very demanding for low attainers .
the place value identification of criterion 1a is [] in addition to the distributive law and this combination proved very demanding for low attainers .

The pupil can : 7a compute using a measure , no equivalence of units required ; 7b compute using a measure , equivalence of units required .
the pupil can : 7a compute using a measure , no equivalence of units [] ; 7b compute using a measure , equivalence of units [] .

It is likely , therefore , that there will be lower success rates for 5c than for 5b , but no such assumption is made automatically ; empirical confirmation is required .
it is likely , therefore , that there will be lower success rates for 5c than for 5b , but no such assumption is made automatically ; empirical confirmation is [] .

In deriving more detailed criteria capable of being used , for example , to generate the required assessments , it is necessary to make use of what is known from previous research about pupils ' learning and attainment in the topic concerned .
in deriving more detailed criteria capable of being used , for example , to generate the [] assessments , it is necessary to make use of what is known from previous research about pupils ' learning and attainment in the topic concerned .

The higher success rates obtained for Imperial units suggest that out of school experience may well be an important factor in making the associations required .
the higher success rates obtained for imperial units suggest that out of school experience may well be an important factor in making the associations [] .

For criteria about knowledge of the relationships between metric units the difficulty factors concern the nature of the required answer  whether it is a whole number , a half or a decimal such as -0 or 00 .
for criteria about knowledge of the relationships between metric units the difficulty factors concern the nature of the [] answer  whether it is a whole number , a half or a decimal such as -0 or 00 .

The multiple choice format can , in this case , be thought of as demanding a similar sort of thinking to that required when checking an answer obtained by measurement or calculation to see if it is sensible . ``
the multiple choice format can , in this case , be thought of as demanding a similar sort of thinking to that [] when checking an answer obtained by measurement or calculation to see if it is sensible . ``

This lack of discrimination suggests that the general knowledge required is not highly related to attainment in mathematics .
this lack of discrimination suggests that the general knowledge [] is not highly related to attainment in mathematics .

The accuracy required is important in determining difficulty , the crucial factor being whether or not the acceptable range allows a whole number answer , one with a half or contains only more awkward decimals .
the accuracy [] is important in determining difficulty , the crucial factor being whether or not the acceptable range allows a whole number answer , one with a half or contains only more awkward decimals .

The task difficulty will depend on whether or not knowledge of equivalence of units is required ( Example 103 ) .
the task difficulty will depend on whether or not knowledge of equivalence of units is [] ( example 103 ) .

The example task is one where both knowledge of the relationship between millimetres and centimetres and that between centimetres and metres is required .
the example task is one where both knowledge of the relationship between millimetres and centimetres and that between centimetres and metres is [] .

pupil 3 ) attempted to obtain the answer to the question from the pattern of numbers relating to unshaded squares but most pupils saw the relationship between shaded and unshaded in each diagram which enabled them to calculate the required number directly .
pupil 3 ) attempted to obtain the answer to the question from the pattern of numbers relating to unshaded squares but most pupils saw the relationship between shaded and unshaded in each diagram which enabled them to calculate the [] number directly .

We may say , in abbreviation of the conditional that if the cause had not occurred neither would the effect , that the cause was required for the effect .
we may say , in abbreviation of the conditional that if the cause had not occurred neither would the effect , that the cause was [] for the effect .

In place of saying that if the effect occurred so did the cause , we may say that the occurrence of the effect required that of the cause .
in place of saying that if the effect occurred so did the cause , we may say that the occurrence of the effect [] that of the cause .

The instructor 's braking would have been required for the stopping if the pupil had not braked .
the instructor 's braking would have been [] for the stopping if the pupil had not braked .

Again , the stopping would have required the instructor 's braking if the pupil had not braked , and it would have required the pupil 's braking if the instructor had not braked .
again , the stopping would have [] the instructor 's braking if the pupil had not braked , and it would have [] the pupil 's braking if the instructor had not braked .

We may say of each braking that it was alternatively required for the effect , and that the effect alternatively required each braking .
we may say of each braking that it was alternatively [] for the effect , and that the effect alternatively [] each braking .

Causes are therefore either required or alternatively required for their effects .
causes are therefore either [] or alternatively [] for their effects .

They need not be required .
they need not be [] .

If causes are required or alternatively required for their effects , they evidently are not the only things that are such .
if causes are [] or alternatively [] for their effects , they evidently are not the only things that are such .

It is not more required for the occurrence of the effect .
it is not more [] for the occurrence of the effect .

In saying that an event c caused an event e , or that e was the effect of c , we typically have in mind but do not say that a set of things including c , but not necessarily all occurring at the same time , was required for e .
in saying that an event c caused an event e , or that e was the effect of c , we typically have in mind but do not say that a set of things including c , but not necessarily all occurring at the same time , was [] for e .

The idea is of some set of things which was required for the occurrence of the effect , which is not to say that the set includes all the things prior to the effect that were required for it .
the idea is of some set of things which was [] for the occurrence of the effect , which is not to say that the set includes all the things prior to the effect that were [] for it .

In the three examples given at the beginning , having to do with the sound of the traffic , the windscreen wipers , and the warm left knee , a cause and each condition are naturally taken to be required for the effect , as distinct from alternatively required .
in the three examples given at the beginning , having to do with the sound of the traffic , the windscreen wipers , and the warm left knee , a cause and each condition are naturally taken to be [] for the effect , as distinct from alternatively [] .

Hence , indeed , there is the further conclusion that the whole circumstance was required for the effect , that the effect required the circumstance .
hence , indeed , there is the further conclusion that the whole circumstance was [] for the effect , that the effect [] the circumstance .

Not all of either circumstance was required for the effect , given that the other whole circumstance existed .
not all of either circumstance was [] for the effect , given that the other whole circumstance existed .

Each , however , was alternatively required .
each , however , was alternatively [] .

Each ordinary causal circumstances is simply required for the effect , the effect requiring it .
each ordinary causal circumstances is simply [] for the effect , the effect requiring it .

It is arguable , with some hope of success , that we can speak of a choice or a decision as an effect and not be committed to there having been a causal circumstance which was required for it , and speak of an action as an effect and need not be committed to there having been a causal circumstance that was  roughly speaking  prior in time to the agent 's initial neurophysiological activity .
it is arguable , with some hope of success , that we can speak of a choice or a decision as an effect and not be committed to there having been a causal circumstance which was [] for it , and speak of an action as an effect and need not be committed to there having been a causal circumstance that was  roughly speaking  prior in time to the agent 's initial neurophysiological activity .

But what has been said so far , that the flipping and the circumstance including it were required for the wipers ' starting to work , is consistent with the cause existing without that effect .
but what has been said so far , that the flipping and the circumstance including it were [] for the wipers ' starting to work , is consistent with the cause existing without that effect .

Our fourth connection , as may be anticipated , is that a causal circumstance , like a cause , requires the effect , and the effect is required for the causal circumstance .
our fourth connection , as may be anticipated , is that a causal circumstance , like a cause , requires the effect , and the effect is [] for the causal circumstance .

Like remarks might have been made elsewhere with respect to a required event , for example .
like remarks might have been made elsewhere with respect to a [] event , for example .

As we saw earlier , ( 2 ) an ordinary causal circumstance is required for its effect .
as we saw earlier , ( 2 ) an ordinary causal circumstance is [] for its effect .

We began with the idea that a causal circumstance consists in a set of conditions including a cause or causes-more precisely a set of individual properties-each being ( 1 , 1a ) required or alternatively required for the effect .
we began with the idea that a causal circumstance consists in a set of conditions including a cause or causes-more precisely a set of individual properties-each being ( 1 , 1a ) [] or alternatively [] for the effect .

From this it followed ( 2 , 2a ) that the circumstance too is required or alternatively required for the effect .
from this it followed ( 2 , 2a ) that the circumstance too is [] or alternatively [] for the effect .

To return again to the beginning , a circumstance ( 1 ) consists of items required for the effect .
to return again to the beginning , a circumstance ( 1 ) consists of items [] for the effect .

Other things are not irrelevant in the given sense , since they are required conditions of the effect-but they are not part of the causal circumstance .
other things are not irrelevant in the given sense , since they are [] conditions of the effect-but they are not part of the causal circumstance .

1.6.4 Causes as Merely Required for Effects
1.6.4 causes as merely [] for effects

The objection is that it is enough , for something to be a cause , that it is required for the occurrence of another event .
the objection is that it is enough , for something to be a cause , that it is [] for the occurrence of another event .

It is enough , for an event to be a standard effect , that something else was required for its existence .
it is enough , for an event to be a standard effect , that something else was [] for its existence .

There is another possible argument , which can be dealt with quickly , for the conclusion that standard effects are no more than events for which other events are required .
there is another possible argument , which can be dealt with quickly , for the conclusion that standard effects are no more than events for which other events are [] .

( 1.3 ) The possible argument consists in the premiss ( 1 ) that decisions and the like are taken to be effects but also to be no more than events which follow on conditions which are required for them , the further premiss ( 2 ) that it is to be presumed that we have a single conception of effects rather than several , and the conclusion ( 3 ) that all effects , including what have been called standard effects , are merely events preceded by conditions required for them .
( 1.3 ) the possible argument consists in the premiss ( 1 ) that decisions and the like are taken to be effects but also to be no more than events which follow on conditions which are [] for them , the further premiss ( 2 ) that it is to be presumed that we have a single conception of effects rather than several , and the conclusion ( 3 ) that all effects , including what have been called standard effects , are merely events preceded by conditions [] for them .

We do not suppose that the wipers ' starting to work was some sort of accident or mystery , of which the driver 's flipping the switch was merely a required condition .
we do not suppose that the wipers ' starting to work was some sort of accident or mystery , of which the driver 's flipping the switch was merely a [] condition .

Basil was quite uncompromising about high standards in Art and required a lot from his teachers , but was encouraging to beginners .
basil was quite uncompromising about high standards in art and [] a lot from his teachers , but was encouraging to beginners .

The modern tendency is that the minister is not required to shelter a civil servant who has acted improperly , particularly if he has disobeyed instructions or failed to follow established procedures .
the modern tendency is that the minister is not [] to shelter a civil servant who has acted improperly , particularly if he has disobeyed instructions or failed to follow established procedures .

It enables the minister , for example , to bring sections of an act into effect as and when required .
it enables the minister , for example , to bring sections of an act into effect as and when [] .

Section 4 of the Statutory Instruments Act 1946 says that where a statutory instrument is required to be laid before Parliament then it shall be laid before the instrument comes into operation .
section 4 of the statutory instruments act 1946 says that where a statutory instrument is [] to be laid before parliament then it shall be laid before the instrument comes into operation .

( d ) As the level of suspicion necessary for a stop and search is virtually indistinguishable from that required for an arrest , there may be a pressure to arrest in a wider range of circumstances .
( d ) as the level of suspicion necessary for a stop and search is virtually indistinguishable from that [] for an arrest , there may be a pressure to arrest in a wider range of circumstances .

If a person is searched in public he can not be required to remove anything other than his coat , jacket or gloves .
if a person is searched in public he can not be [] to remove anything other than his coat , jacket or gloves .

( c ) If the suspect is not charged the custody officer may be required to release him .
( c ) if the suspect is not charged the custody officer may be [] to release him .

The search must be no more than reasonably required for the purposes of discovering such evidence and there must be reasonable grounds for believing that such evidence will be found .
the search must be no more than reasonably [] for the purposes of discovering such evidence and there must be reasonable grounds for believing that such evidence will be found .

It should be noted that material subject to legal privilege can never be seized but it appears that if the police chance upon evidence for which a warrant from a circuit judge is required , they are entitled to seize this by virtue of section 19 .
it should be noted that material subject to legal privilege can never be seized but it appears that if the police chance upon evidence for which a warrant from a circuit judge is [] , they are entitled to seize this by virtue of section 19 .

Literary critics such as Elisabeth Schneider and Molly Lefebure have suggested that this account is probably a gross exaggeration  that is , that while Coleridge may have dreamed about Cublai Can , the poetry was not provided in the dream in its complete form , but required years of revision .
literary critics such as elisabeth schneider and molly lefebure have suggested that this account is probably a gross exaggeration  that is , that while coleridge may have dreamed about cublai can , the poetry was not provided in the dream in its complete form , but [] years of revision .

To attain the life after death the individual required a tomb , `` the house for eternity `` , the preservations of his body or some suitable substitute as his unique identity and material needs of food , drink and so on to ensure continued existence .
to attain the life after death the individual [] a tomb , `` the house for eternity `` , the preservations of his body or some suitable substitute as his unique identity and material needs of food , drink and so on to ensure continued existence .

Forced air ventilation is required to remove odours and allergens .
forced air ventilation is [] to remove odours and allergens .

To ensure a regular supply of embryos at a constant development stage at the same time of day throughout the year , a constant lighting regime is required .
to ensure a regular supply of embryos at a constant development stage at the same time of day throughout the year , a constant lighting regime is [] .

The breeding system adopted depends on the number of animals required and whether they are of an inbred or outbred strain .
the breeding system adopted depends on the number of animals [] and whether they are of an inbred or outbred strain .

If a regular daily supply of mated animals is required it is sufficient to set up a series of cages with one male and three females in each , bearing in mind that in theory one in four females should be in oestrus on a particular day .
if a regular daily supply of mated animals is [] it is sufficient to set up a series of cages with one male and three females in each , bearing in mind that in theory one in four females should be in oestrus on a particular day .

If a group of mated animals is required for a particular day it is possible to increase the probability of mating using the Whitten effect ( 5 ) .
if a group of mated animals is [] for a particular day it is possible to increase the probability of mating using the whitten effect ( 5 ) .

The dose required should be about 3.0 mg for a 25g mouse .
the dose [] should be about 3.0 mg for a 25g mouse .

The person due to receive the animals should be consulted to ascertain the documentation required .
the person due to receive the animals should be consulted to ascertain the documentation [] .

( iv ) If cells of known age are required , culture the isolated cells and examine them at hourly or half hourly intervals for division .
( iv ) if cells of known age are [] , culture the isolated cells and examine them at hourly or half hourly intervals for division .

If single cells are required subject these pairs of blastomeres to a second cycle of disaggregation as previously described .
if single cells are [] subject these pairs of blastomeres to a second cycle of disaggregation as previously described .

( ix ) Place the required number of drops ( one per grid ) of Millipore-filtered alcoholic uranyl acetate on to a square of pink dental wax in a plastic Petri dish .
( ix ) place the [] number of drops ( one per grid ) of millipore-filtered alcoholic uranyl acetate on to a square of pink dental wax in a plastic petri dish .

When a non-adherent surface is required Sterilin Petri dishes are employed ( Plasticware supplier : Hawfell ) .
when a non-adherent surface is [] sterilin petri dishes are employed ( plasticware supplier : hawfell ) .

The quantity of media required will depend upon the stage and number of embryos explanted and the duration of culture .
the quantity of media [] will depend upon the stage and number of embryos explanted and the duration of culture .

When freshly prepared , a period of 30 min or more may be required to stain the slides , but with maturity , this stain `` ripens `` and staining times can be progressively shortened .
when freshly prepared , a period of 30 min or more may be [] to stain the slides , but with maturity , this stain `` ripens `` and staining times can be progressively shortened .

The equipment required for the recovery of whole and parts of pre- and post-implantation embryos is described in Chapters 2 and 3 and can be used for recovering suitable specimens to make chromosome preparations ; however , for this purpose , requirements can often be less exacting .
the equipment [] for the recovery of whole and parts of pre- and post-implantation embryos is described in chapters 2 and 3 and can be used for recovering suitable specimens to make chromosome preparations ; however , for this purpose , requirements can often be less exacting .

Pre-implantation development can proceed in vitro in culture ( Chapter 2 ) and the arrestant added to the medium at the stage of development required .
pre-implantation development can proceed in vitro in culture ( chapter 2 ) and the arrestant added to the medium at the stage of development [] .

If preparations are required from whole older embryos ( > 5 mm ) or from larger organs such as livers and spleens of day 1220 embryos from which some loss by centrifugation can be tolerated , the specimens are first mechanically disaggregated into cell suspensions and processed as described in Table 3b .
if preparations are [] from whole older embryos ( > 5 mm ) or from larger organs such as livers and spleens of day 1220 embryos from which some loss by centrifugation can be tolerated , the specimens are first mechanically disaggregated into cell suspensions and processed as described in table 3b .

In the young fetus , the high mitotic index obviates the use of a mitotic arrestant such as Colcemid ( Sigma ) or Velbe ( Lilly ) , but if the mitotic index is low , as in older specimens , or if large numbers of mitotic cells are required , mitotic arrest can be used to advantage .
in the young fetus , the high mitotic index obviates the use of a mitotic arrestant such as colcemid ( sigma ) or velbe ( lilly ) , but if the mitotic index is low , as in older specimens , or if large numbers of mitotic cells are [] , mitotic arrest can be used to advantage .

The telephone may ring at any moment and an account executive will be expected to know when a client can see the `` Answerprint `` of their new commercial or proofs of the latest press advertisement , so complete knowledge of the minutiae of the client 's business ready at his finger tips is required .
the telephone may ring at any moment and an account executive will be expected to know when a client can see the `` answerprint `` of their new commercial or proofs of the latest press advertisement , so complete knowledge of the minutiae of the client 's business ready at his finger tips is [] .

Until there are more planners than required , training and job opportunities will be good .
until there are more planners than [] , training and job opportunities will be good .

Special qualifications required or desirable for the .
special qualifications [] or desirable for the .

When you look at the dazzling display of art work and fine printing done in so much consumer literature today , you will get some idea of the high standards required in public relations .
when you look at the dazzling display of art work and fine printing done in so much consumer literature today , you will get some idea of the high standards [] in public relations .

Commenting on Gladstone 's support for the scheme , the News of the World said : `` picking up type is not the same thing as picking up needles and stitches : the mental and physical labour demanded in the compositors `` room is infinitely greater than anything that has yet been required of women `` .
commenting on gladstone 's support for the scheme , the news of the world said : `` picking up type is not the same thing as picking up needles and stitches : the mental and physical labour demanded in the compositors `` room is infinitely greater than anything that has yet been [] of women `` .

Trades that had once been skilled were being divided into their constituent parts so that less skill was required to carry out any one process .
trades that had once been skilled were being divided into their constituent parts so that less skill was [] to carry out any one process .

For women workers , this almost invariably meant that they ended up with jobs classified ( whatever the real degree of skill or expertise required ) as the least skilled , and certainly the worst paid .
for women workers , this almost invariably meant that they ended up with jobs classified ( whatever the real degree of skill or expertise [] ) as the least skilled , and certainly the worst paid .

Although the action required of the compositor is very little different from that required by a typewriter , the atmosphere surrounding the machine would be perceived as a very `` masculine `` one .
although the action [] of the compositor is very little different from that [] by a typewriter , the atmosphere surrounding the machine would be perceived as a very `` masculine `` one .

Therefore the woman , not having had the same training as a man can not possibly demand the same wage ; also not being physically as strong , she can not compete with him where heavy lifting is required .
therefore the woman , not having had the same training as a man can not possibly demand the same wage ; also not being physically as strong , she can not compete with him where heavy lifting is [] .

Teamwork is required in order to achieve these aims .
teamwork is [] in order to achieve these aims .

In addition there are other hospital staff who provide services which are required in order to give effective care to patients .
in addition there are other hospital staff who provide services which are [] in order to give effective care to patients .

The ward sister co-ordinates all these functions , ensuring the ward has adequate supplies and drawing together the particular team members required to help an individual patient .
the ward sister co-ordinates all these functions , ensuring the ward has adequate supplies and drawing together the particular team members [] to help an individual patient .

The role of the nursing staff on the ward involves the observation and reporting of the patient 's conditions assessing the needs of patients , planning and delivering the care required and evaluating the effectiveness of the care given .
the role of the nursing staff on the ward involves the observation and reporting of the patient 's conditions assessing the needs of patients , planning and delivering the care [] and evaluating the effectiveness of the care given .

Assessment is not just carried out when a patient is admitted to the ward but is a continuous process because the condition of the patient is altering and therefore the care required may change rapidly .
assessment is not just carried out when a patient is admitted to the ward but is a continuous process because the condition of the patient is altering and therefore the care [] may change rapidly .

You will also find that some of the care required is familiar to you and that you can make a contribution immediately .
you will also find that some of the care [] is familiar to you and that you can make a contribution immediately .

The surgeon had already informed Mr and Mrs Reynolds of the possibility that an abdomino-perineal resection of rectum may be required .
the surgeon had already informed mr and mrs reynolds of the possibility that an abdomino-perineal resection of rectum may be [] .

Extensive preparation of the gastrointestinal tract is required to ensure the bowel is free from faecal matter .
extensive preparation of the gastrointestinal tract is [] to ensure the bowel is free from faecal matter .

Physical preparations required and reasons for them , e.g .
physical preparations [] and reasons for them , e.g .

Physical preparations are required for this ( Chapter 4 , 5 and 6 ) but psychological preparation is equally important .
physical preparations are [] for this ( chapter 4 , 5 and 6 ) but psychological preparation is equally important .

Assist with any tests required to ensure patient is fit for anaesthetic .
assist with any tests [] to ensure patient is fit for anaesthetic .

You may work in a ward where specific preparation is required in addition to this , e.g. to ensure that the bowel is clear ( Chapter 6 ) .
you may work in a ward where specific preparation is [] in addition to this , e.g. to ensure that the bowel is clear ( chapter 6 ) .

These complications and the nursing care required to prevent them is discussed in detail in other chapters .
these complications and the nursing care [] to prevent them is discussed in detail in other chapters .

These investigations involve haematological tests , ECGs , chest X-rays and blood grouping and cross-matching in case a transfusion should be required .
these investigations involve haematological tests , ecgs , chest x-rays and blood grouping and cross-matching in case a transfusion should be [] .

Extra instruction and practice under supervision will be required before you will be able to care for patients with central venous pressure lines correctly .
extra instruction and practice under supervision will be [] before you will be able to care for patients with central venous pressure lines correctly .

In addition special equipment may be required to assist in the maintenance of correct fluid balance , e.g .
in addition special equipment may be [] to assist in the maintenance of correct fluid balance , e.g .

He had lost blood during the operation and had required a replacement transfusion of 4 units of blood .
he had lost blood during the operation and had [] a replacement transfusion of 4 units of blood .

Food is essential to human life because it supplies the energy required by living cells for maintenance , repair and activity .
food is essential to human life because it supplies the energy [] by living cells for maintenance , repair and activity .

The specific amounts of nutrients required will vary at different stages in life ( e.g .
the specific amounts of nutrients [] will vary at different stages in life ( e.g .

However , a well-balanced diet is always required .
however , a well-balanced diet is always [] .

Tactful questioning is required and the nurse should avoid questions which imply criticism , e.g .
tactful questioning is [] and the nurse should avoid questions which imply criticism , e.g .

For abdominal and pelvic operations , an empty bowel is usually required ( if the patient is constipated , a mild laxative or 2 glycerine suppositories will usually ensure the bowel is emptied ) .
for abdominal and pelvic operations , an empty bowel is usually [] ( if the patient is constipated , a mild laxative or 2 glycerine suppositories will usually ensure the bowel is emptied ) .

Monitoring of his circulatory state via the central venous pressure line was not required after the first 24 hours and the line was therefore removed .
monitoring of his circulatory state via the central venous pressure line was not [] after the first 24 hours and the line was therefore removed .

Measures may be required to ensure that the patient 's skin is in the best possible condition for healing to take place ( e.g .
measures may be [] to ensure that the patient 's skin is in the best possible condition for healing to take place ( e.g .

Julie required minimal preparation for surgery .
julie [] minimal preparation for surgery .

If usual hygiene practices are not considered to be adequate then the nurse may need to explain tactfully what is required .
if usual hygiene practices are not considered to be adequate then the nurse may need to explain tactfully what is [] .

Sensitivity of approach is a nursing skill required to help a tense and worried person feel more comfortable .
sensitivity of approach is a nursing skill [] to help a tense and worried person feel more comfortable .

However , the need for energy is increased by stress or illness , necessitating a corresponding increase in the amount of rest required .
however , the need for energy is increased by stress or illness , necessitating a corresponding increase in the amount of rest [] .

The type of information required for discharge planning :
the type of information [] for discharge planning :

Advice about any adaptations required will usually be given by the physiotherapist or occupational therapist and the patient may be taken on a home visit to assess his needs ( e.g .
advice about any adaptations [] will usually be given by the physiotherapist or occupational therapist and the patient may be taken on a home visit to assess his needs ( e.g .

3 Collect the information required for nursing assessment in conversation with the patient and/or relative .
3 collect the information [] for nursing assessment in conversation with the patient and/or relative .

5 Assist with daily living activities where required .
5 assist with daily living activities where [] .

2 Collect any equipment which will be required , e-g. for care of intravenous infusions , nasogastric tubes , vomit bowl and tissues , bedcradle and cot sides .
2 collect any equipment which will be [] , e-g. for care of intravenous infusions , nasogastric tubes , vomit bowl and tissues , bedcradle and cot sides .

5 Continue skin and mouth care as required , encourage the patient to become independent when able .
5 continue skin and mouth care as [] , encourage the patient to become independent when able .

1 Contact community nurses and other services if they are likely to be required .
1 contact community nurses and other services if they are likely to be [] .

6 Enquire whether the patient will require hospital transport home and to return to Outpatients ( 48 hours ' notice is usually required ) .
6 enquire whether the patient will require hospital transport home and to return to outpatients ( 48 hours ' notice is usually [] ) .

Nineteen of the 23 Major Project schools of that time contained clear statements of aims to enhance the curriculum as a whole , although many schools went on to identify particular subjects or departments which required attention first .
nineteen of the 23 major project schools of that time contained clear statements of aims to enhance the curriculum as a whole , although many schools went on to identify particular subjects or departments which [] attention first .

Schools are given the same written guidelines as in the Major Project , but it is made clear that only a short proposal document is required to accompany the school 's spending plan .
schools are given the same written guidelines as in the major project , but it is made clear that only a short proposal document is [] to accompany the school 's spending plan .

The pursuit of such objectives required the establishment of appropriate structures for the coordination of the project as a whole , for the implementation of the project in each school , and for the planned provision of the inservice activities to which it was to lead .
the pursuit of such objectives [] the establishment of appropriate structures for the coordination of the project as a whole , for the implementation of the project in each school , and for the planned provision of the inservice activities to which it was to lead .

Amongst the things which were developed , refined and altered were the guidelines to be followed , the criteria for selection , the precision required ( in respect of spending plans etc . )
amongst the things which were developed , refined and altered were the guidelines to be followed , the criteria for selection , the precision [] ( in respect of spending plans etc . )

Compact aims to raise students ' awareness of the importance of basic skills and attitudes which will be required of them when they leave school for work .
compact aims to raise students ' awareness of the importance of basic skills and attitudes which will be [] of them when they leave school for work .

a ) How can schools ensure that records of achievement provide evidence of the skills and aptitudes required for specific employers ' needs ? b ) Would n't it be unfair if employment tests were waived for Compact graduates , but maintained for non-Compact job applicants ? c ) If local policies are negotiated regarding this issue , what will be the implications for national companies ?
a ) how can schools ensure that records of achievement provide evidence of the skills and aptitudes [] for specific employers ' needs ? b ) would n't it be unfair if employment tests were waived for compact graduates , but maintained for non-compact job applicants ? c ) if local policies are negotiated regarding this issue , what will be the implications for national companies ?

Remember that governors from industry are required for every school .
remember that governors from industry are [] for every school .

The potential involvement of particular colleges emphasises the fact that Compacts aim to encourage students to stay in full-time education to acquire more of the knowledge and skills required in our technological society .
the potential involvement of particular colleges emphasises the fact that compacts aim to encourage students to stay in full-time education to acquire more of the knowledge and skills [] in our technological society .

As well as requiring highly developed skills of tact , and negotiation , a good working knowledge of industry and education is required .
as well as requiring highly developed skills of tact , and negotiation , a good working knowledge of industry and education is [] .

Thus , it is not just imaginative ideas which are required but an increase in investment of management time .
thus , it is not just imaginative ideas which are [] but an increase in investment of management time .

Some Health Authorities already employ a Nurse Recruitment Officer who is a member of the Nurse Education Department but this level of commitment is completely inadequate to mount the assault which will be required ill an average health district .
some health authorities already employ a nurse recruitment officer who is a member of the nurse education department but this level of commitment is completely inadequate to mount the assault which will be [] ill an average health district .

The provision of a labour force to ensure that care is delivered when required is a many-faceted activity .
the provision of a labour force to ensure that care is delivered when [] is a many-faceted activity .

The best system for measuring patient workload will be of little value if the workforce is either not available at the time required or without the necessary skills .
the best system for measuring patient workload will be of little value if the workforce is either not available at the time [] or without the necessary skills .

For example , the type of helper required on the ward to carry out non-nursing work .
for example , the type of helper [] on the ward to carry out non-nursing work .

Has an exercise been carried out to assess the required nursing establishment for the whole of the service provided by the health authority ?
has an exercise been carried out to assess the [] nursing establishment for the whole of the service provided by the health authority ?

The required nursing establishment and that which is funded may be two completely different things .
the [] nursing establishment and that which is funded may be two completely different things .

Does the unit manpower profile indicate the staff required fur each patient area by grade and skill ?
does the unit manpower profile indicate the staff [] fur each patient area by grade and skill ?

The profile would usually be the number of qualified and unqualified staff required for each span of duty over a 24-hour period .
the profile would usually be the number of qualified and unqualified staff [] for each span of duty over a 24-hour period .

The assessment would have taken account of the skills necessary to provide patient care and therefore indicate the grades of staff likely to be required .
the assessment would have taken account of the skills necessary to provide patient care and therefore indicate the grades of staff likely to be [] .

This exercise is a refinement of the one carried out for the whole district in that it takes more account of local needs and provides additional information over and above the grades of staff required .
this exercise is a refinement of the one carried out for the whole district in that it takes more account of local needs and provides additional information over and above the grades of staff [] .

Managers determine staff numbers required possessing additional skills fur the unit .
managers determine staff numbers [] possessing additional skills fur the unit .

In arriving at the correct mix of full-time to part-time staff the objective should be to determine the best fit between the staff required and the staff available .
in arriving at the correct mix of full-time to part-time staff the objective should be to determine the best fit between the staff [] and the staff available .

In short , the staff required on duty will vary from time to time and this should be reflected in the hours for which nurses are recruited to permanent contracts .
in short , the staff [] on duty will vary from time to time and this should be reflected in the hours for which nurses are recruited to permanent contracts .

Additionally it will ensure that staff are not employed when not required .
additionally it will ensure that staff are not employed when not [] .

The manager calculates the number of additional hours required to meet the periods of peak workload .
the manager calculates the number of additional hours [] to meet the periods of peak workload .

Taking account of the skills available and patient care required , the manager allocates available staff to produce the best possible match .
taking account of the skills available and patient care [] , the manager allocates available staff to produce the best possible match .

Allowing time for handover and meal breaks , what is the optimum time required for the afternoon overlap of shifts ?
allowing time for handover and meal breaks , what is the optimum time [] for the afternoon overlap of shifts ?

Once again where the patients ' conditions are changing rapidly , in general , more time will be required .
once again where the patients ' conditions are changing rapidly , in general , more time will be [] .

Second , time may also be required for joint activities between staff , case conferences or staff meetings .
second , time may also be [] for joint activities between staff , case conferences or staff meetings .

Nurses volunteer their services when they wish to work and managers engage them at the times required .
nurses volunteer their services when they wish to work and managers engage them at the times [] .

Decreases in the length of Stay ; increases in the number of operations performed ; the introduction of new pieces of equipment ; new investigatory procedures ; new operations and other medical innovations will all have an impact upon the levels of nursing required .
decreases in the length of stay ; increases in the number of operations performed ; the introduction of new pieces of equipment ; new investigatory procedures ; new operations and other medical innovations will all have an impact upon the levels of nursing [] .

But he was a tender and affectionate child and he saw that something more was required of him .
but he was a tender and affectionate child and he saw that something more was [] of him .

  Thus , in March 1990 , Christine set out for Heathrow with a stack of documents required by the Romanian authorities , and little idea of what awaited her .
  thus , in march 1990 , christine set out for heathrow with a stack of documents [] by the romanian authorities , and little idea of what awaited her .

It was the first  peasant  sport , an activity which required little expense and even less understanding , yet still boasted appreciable aesthetics .
it was the first  peasant  sport , an activity which [] little expense and even less understanding , yet still boasted appreciable aesthetics .

Two pairs of heavy-duty gold-plated 4mm terminal/binding posts are fitted to permit the use of bi-wiring or bi-amplification if required .
two pairs of heavy-duty gold-plated 4mm terminal/binding posts are fitted to permit the use of bi-wiring or bi-amplification if [] .

These aims required larger local authorities irrespective of the more usual arguments advanced in favour of reorganisation ( Dearlove 1979 ) .
these aims [] larger local authorities irrespective of the more usual arguments advanced in favour of reorganisation ( dearlove 1979 ) .

The eight provincial councils were required to  settle the broad economic land use and investment framework for the planning and development policies of operational authorities  ( Redcliffe-Maud 1969 : Vol .
the eight provincial councils were [] to  settle the broad economic land use and investment framework for the planning and development policies of operational authorities  ( redcliffe-maud 1969 : vol .

The Redcliffe-Maud and the Wheatley Commissions were persuaded by the evidence from government departments that education , housing and the personal social services required catchment areas with populations of at least 200,000 to 250,000 .
the redcliffe-maud and the wheatley commissions were persuaded by the evidence from government departments that education , housing and the personal social services [] catchment areas with populations of at least 200,000 to 250,000 .

The reasons were to be found in the strong links between housing and Planning , and in the large populations required to justify certain special services and residential accommodation in education and the personal social services .
the reasons were to be found in the strong links between housing and planning , and in the large populations [] to justify certain special services and residential accommodation in education and the personal social services .

Hence there is no necessary incompatibility between the size necessary for functional effectiveness and that required for democracy ( Newton 1982:191 ) .
hence there is no necessary incompatibility between the size necessary for functional effectiveness and that [] for democracy ( newton 1982:191 ) .

The Layfield Report on Local Government Finance ( 1976 ) had favoured a local income tax , but this was unacceptable to the government ( see pages 112  13 ) and no alternative appeared able to raise the sums required .
the layfield report on local government finance ( 1976 ) had favoured a local income tax , but this was unacceptable to the government ( see pages 112  13 ) and no alternative appeared able to raise the sums [] .

The passage of time required perestroika from the musicians themselves .
the passage of time [] perestroika from the musicians themselves .

Professionalism and a readiness to learn were now required .
professionalism and a readiness to learn were now [] .

Knowledge of the rules , the standards required of us , does not necessarily ensure that they will always be kept , for we still have the choice of breaking them if we wish .
knowledge of the rules , the standards [] of us , does not necessarily ensure that they will always be kept , for we still have the choice of breaking them if we wish .

Exploitation of the rich natural resources of the new world required far more labour power than European colonists themselves could provide .
exploitation of the rich natural resources of the new world [] far more labour power than european colonists themselves could provide .

, can be recouped fairly quickly after training ( Tumin and others have estimated that no more than ten years is generally required ) , and is more than compensated by higher rewards after this time .
, can be recouped fairly quickly after training ( tumin and others have estimated that no more than ten years is generally [] ) , and is more than compensated by higher rewards after this time .

These sources are neither totally reliable , nor do they always provide the information required .
these sources are neither totally reliable , nor do they always provide the information [] .

Cranes of the size required to handle the new prototype Fast Afloat Boat were few and far between  and even more expensive to hire .
cranes of the size [] to handle the new prototype fast afloat boat were few and far between  and even more expensive to hire .

It was now about 2157 , and although it had taken just three minutes to use Conquest for the rescue , the transfer to the small boat and handling her while picking up the survivor had required seamanship of a high order .
it was now about 2157 , and although it had taken just three minutes to use conquest for the rescue , the transfer to the small boat and handling her while picking up the survivor had [] seamanship of a high order .

Three former stations , Teignmouth in Devon , Tobermory on Mull and Courttown in the Irish Republic , were reinstated following period when a lifeboat had not been required .
three former stations , teignmouth in devon , tobermory on mull and courttown in the irish republic , were reinstated following period when a lifeboat had not been [] .

With electronic aids to navigation proliferating on small boats of all kinds and technology advancing on all fronts it is hardly surprising that a revised second edition of this volume has been required only three years after first publication .
with electronic aids to navigation proliferating on small boats of all kinds and technology advancing on all fronts it is hardly surprising that a revised second edition of this volume has been [] only three years after first publication .

An operating range of 250 miles at full speed was required and survivor accommodation had to be greater than in the Arun class , the current large All-weather lifeboat .
an operating range of 250 miles at full speed was [] and survivor accommodation had to be greater than in the arun class , the current large all-weather lifeboat .

Despite their aching limbs , the pupils were delighted when their final total of 74 laps ( over eight miles ) raised a splendid 300 towards the 500 required to install a radio in Fowey lifeboat house .
despite their aching limbs , the pupils were delighted when their final total of 74 laps ( over eight miles ) raised a splendid 300 towards the 500 [] to install a radio in fowey lifeboat house .

The father of the future Lord Haw-Haw was required to  renounce forever all allegiance and fidelity to any and every foreign prince , potentate , state and sovereignty whatever , and particularly to the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , whose subject he has heretofore been .
the father of the future lord haw-haw was [] to  renounce forever all allegiance and fidelity to any and every foreign prince , potentate , state and sovereignty whatever , and particularly to the queen of the united kingdom of great britain and ireland , whose subject he has heretofore been .

During 1917 , while visiting England to prove a family will , Michael and Gertrude were required to register under the Aliens Restriction Order .
during 1917 , while visiting england to prove a family will , michael and gertrude were [] to register under the aliens restriction order .

Love and honour alike required him to choose the outcast .
love and honour alike [] him to choose the outcast .

Mrs Eckersley had also given Joyce the telephone number of a German Foreign Office department which required English translators .
mrs eckersley had also given joyce the telephone number of a german foreign office department which [] english translators .

Acheson told the committee that aid would be required for Korea , probably for the next three years .
acheson told the committee that aid would be [] for korea , probably for the next three years .

It was decided that the Joint Commission should be required to submit a report by 15 August .
it was decided that the joint commission should be [] to submit a report by 15 august .

The American proposals would embrace holding of elections in north and south Korea through multi-party ballot based on universal suffrage ; each legislature established in consequence would select representatives to meet representatives from the other to form a provisional government for a united Korea ; the provisional government would meet representatives of the four powers to consider on a basis of equality the assistance required by Korea ; the provisional government and the powers would agree on a date by which occupation forces would be withdrawn .
the american proposals would embrace holding of elections in north and south korea through multi-party ballot based on universal suffrage ; each legislature established in consequence would select representatives to meet representatives from the other to form a provisional government for a united korea ; the provisional government would meet representatives of the four powers to consider on a basis of equality the assistance [] by korea ; the provisional government and the powers would agree on a date by which occupation forces would be withdrawn .

If the answer was that American global strategy required an allocation of priorities in geographical terms could south Korea be abandoned in favour of a stand being made in Japan or elsewhere ?
if the answer was that american global strategy [] an allocation of priorities in geographical terms could south korea be abandoned in favour of a stand being made in japan or elsewhere ?

South Korea required support and the combination of the United States and Japan was important : the Americans were committed to Japan to an extent not applicable to South Korea and the South Korean aim was to draw the Americans in further .
south korea [] support and the combination of the united states and japan was important : the americans were committed to japan to an extent not applicable to south korea and the south korean aim was to draw the americans in further .

It also helps them build up market research techniques  required in the technology section of the National Curriculum  as well as developing planning , advertising , promotion and interviewing skills .
it also helps them build up market research techniques  [] in the technology section of the national curriculum  as well as developing planning , advertising , promotion and interviewing skills .

1 Remove nozzle and cut end of cartridge . Trim the nozzle tip to give the required sealant width , making the cut at 45 ( do not throw away the nozzle tip )
1 remove nozzle and cut end of cartridge . trim the nozzle tip to give the [] sealant width , making the cut at 45 ( do not throw away the nozzle tip )

Creating a pond is quite simple using either a pre-formed rigid plastic pool that you simply sink into the ground , or a flexible plastic sheet to line a hole of the shape required .
creating a pond is quite simple using either a pre-formed rigid plastic pool that you simply sink into the ground , or a flexible plastic sheet to line a hole of the shape [] .

Below : Edora light birch kitchen by Gruco Price guide : 60-cm-wide base unit , 280 Birch is a sustainable and fast-growing timber from northern Europe , but it is rarely used for fine furniture because of the skill required to convert the logs .
below : edora light birch kitchen by gruco price guide : 60-cm-wide base unit , 280 birch is a sustainable and fast-growing timber from northern europe , but it is rarely used for fine furniture because of the skill [] to convert the logs .

Leaving the technology issue to one side , there is also scant evidence in the local population of commercial aptitude at the level required .
leaving the technology issue to one side , there is also scant evidence in the local population of commercial aptitude at the level [] .

Global warming or any of the thousand other worries that come under the environmental heading may or may not have a sound scientific basis , but subjective judgement is still required to determine what priority to give them , and what rules , actions and expenditure are justified to relieve them .
global warming or any of the thousand other worries that come under the environmental heading may or may not have a sound scientific basis , but subjective judgement is still [] to determine what priority to give them , and what rules , actions and expenditure are justified to relieve them .

It will be some years yet before the ripples die out , and a lot more analysis and thought by managements will be required .
it will be some years yet before the ripples die out , and a lot more analysis and thought by managements will be [] .

Such factors of course make Northern Ireland a prime site for locating computer operations which can be done discreetly with no eyeballing required .
such factors of course make northern ireland a prime site for locating computer operations which can be done discreetly with no eyeballing [] .

Luckily the leverage required to induce that deceleration has decreased as stopping power has increased .
luckily the leverage [] to induce that deceleration has decreased as stopping power has increased .

Throttle control is n't enough on its own to do this and riders play a treacherous and delicate juggling act , weighting the footrests , shifting body weight and manipulating the throttle to increase or decrease rear tyre grip as required .
throttle control is n't enough on its own to do this and riders play a treacherous and delicate juggling act , weighting the footrests , shifting body weight and manipulating the throttle to increase or decrease rear tyre grip as [] .

Water companies were required to stop taking their water from tidal ( most polluted ) sources only by the Metropolis Water Act of 1852 .
water companies were [] to stop taking their water from tidal ( most polluted ) sources only by the metropolis water act of 1852 .

Children 's costs rose because traditional middle-class occupations and positions in the services , professions , and the civil service ( now much expanded ) required some evidence of ability , following reforms of medical education ( 1858 ) and selection for the army ( 1871 ) and civil service ( 1870 ) .
children 's costs rose because traditional middle-class occupations and positions in the services , professions , and the civil service ( now much expanded ) [] some evidence of ability , following reforms of medical education ( 1858 ) and selection for the army ( 1871 ) and civil service ( 1870 ) .

The work of the police , according to Sir Robert Mark in 1978 , now required  not only as much physical courage and dedication as policing parts of Victorian London but a great deal more moral courage than has been required by the police at any time since Peel  .
the work of the police , according to sir robert mark in 1978 , now []  not only as much physical courage and dedication as policing parts of victorian london but a great deal more moral courage than has been [] by the police at any time since peel  .

Finally , respectable England required various other , if less essential , fetch-and-carry amenities : hotel pages , uniformed door-openers , billiard-cue chalkers , boy golf caddies , and a myriad of other forelock-tugging dogsbodies and serfs .
finally , respectable england [] various other , if less essential , fetch-and-carry amenities : hotel pages , uniformed door-openers , billiard-cue chalkers , boy golf caddies , and a myriad of other forelock-tugging dogsbodies and serfs .

Most emphatic , however , was the feeling that some new initiative was required in the education and early work training of youths , to rescue them from the undisciplined authority of the streets .
most emphatic , however , was the feeling that some new initiative was [] in the education and early work training of youths , to rescue them from the undisciplined authority of the streets .

The sovereign legal rights of the French crown could , if and when required , be put to good political use in undermining the authority and prestige of the king-duke within his duchy .
the sovereign legal rights of the french crown could , if and when [] , be put to good political use in undermining the authority and prestige of the king-duke within his duchy .

The knight must be ready to fight hard when his prince required it of him ; he must never desert ; nor must he refuse to fight for the common good ; and , above all , he must fight fearlessly .
the knight must be ready to fight hard when his prince [] it of him ; he must never desert ; nor must he refuse to fight for the common good ; and , above all , he must fight fearlessly .

Reasonably enough , princes required to be taught how to make war , and since many of the authors of these works were clerics , they turned to what were the standard handbooks on war to find the information they needed .
reasonably enough , princes [] to be taught how to make war , and since many of the authors of these works were clerics , they turned to what were the standard handbooks on war to find the information they needed .

When John Barbour , archdeacon of Aberdeen , wrote his long verse account of the career of Robert Bruce , king of Scots , about 1380 , he emphasised that his hero 's successes against the English stemmed from his military qualities , his understanding of his men , his appreciation of the tactics required for victory , in a word his  professionalism  as a man in arms .
when john barbour , archdeacon of aberdeen , wrote his long verse account of the career of robert bruce , king of scots , about 1380 , he emphasised that his hero 's successes against the english stemmed from his military qualities , his understanding of his men , his appreciation of the tactics [] for victory , in a word his  professionalism  as a man in arms .

If the great aristocracy was responsible for providing large contingents for the war ( and , in England , at least , it was they who , after the king , provided the largest ) the work of raising these soldiers was often done by men of local knowledge and influence who subcontracted with the royal captains to raise the troops required .
if the great aristocracy was responsible for providing large contingents for the war ( and , in england , at least , it was they who , after the king , provided the largest ) the work of raising these soldiers was often done by men of local knowledge and influence who subcontracted with the royal captains to raise the troops [] .

Few commanders would have wished to expend the time and energy required to overcome places so heavily defended .
few commanders would have wished to expend the time and energy [] to overcome places so heavily defended .

Fishing , too , required protection , for the activities of hostile seamen could easily lead to the loss of catches and vessels , for which there was no insurance provision .
fishing , too , [] protection , for the activities of hostile seamen could easily lead to the loss of catches and vessels , for which there was no insurance provision .

When required for use in war , large numbers of merchant vessels were impressed ad hoc .
when [] for use in war , large numbers of merchant vessels were impressed ad hoc .

On all holidays no deposit is required but the cost of cots and foods is payable at your hotel on the Continent .
on all holidays no deposit is [] but the cost of cots and foods is payable at your hotel on the continent .

The complexity of the Cosmos Coach programme requires some flexibility in obtaining the required capacities from Channel ferry operators .
the complexity of the cosmos coach programme requires some flexibility in obtaining the [] capacities from channel ferry operators .

At the time of going to press no vaccinations were required for British Citizens travelling to France .
at the time of going to press no vaccinations were [] for british citizens travelling to france .

Please note it is the responsibility of the client to be in possession of a valid passport and any visa which may be required .
please note it is the responsibility of the client to be in possession of a valid passport and any visa which may be [] .

The actual names will only be required 12 weeks prior to departure , after which there will be an amendment charge if there are any changes .
the actual names will only be [] 12 weeks prior to departure , after which there will be an amendment charge if there are any changes .

It must be said at once that nothing remotely as strong as this is required by the proposition that to explain an event is to find its cause .
it must be said at once that nothing remotely as strong as this is [] by the proposition that to explain an event is to find its cause .

That might also seem to mark a difference between understanding and explaining , with the former for making possible sense and the latter for identifying actual causes . At any rate , Weber may have this in mind when he makes his famous distinction between  adequacy on the level of meaning  and  adequacy on the causal level  , adding that both are required :
that might also seem to mark a difference between understanding and explaining , with the former for making possible sense and the latter for identifying actual causes . at any rate , weber may have this in mind when he makes his famous distinction between  adequacy on the level of meaning  and  adequacy on the causal level  , adding that both are [] :

His original aim was to study medicine but he narrowly failed to reach the required A-level grades .
his original aim was to study medicine but he narrowly failed to reach the [] a-level grades .

Again , a semen sample was required , this time with different results .
again , a semen sample was [] , this time with different results .

Very fat  This is severe and treatment is urgently required
very fat  this is severe and treatment is urgently []

The results may indicate that further tests are required .
the results may indicate that further tests are [] .

Cut the ribbon into required lengths .
cut the ribbon into [] lengths .

They are said to have disagreed on the ceremony of ordination for a bishop , Rome requiring at least three other bishops to be present while the Celtic Church required only one  a plausible enough position , given the difficulties Ireland posed to travel at the time and the small number of bishops in the country anyway .
they are said to have disagreed on the ceremony of ordination for a bishop , rome requiring at least three other bishops to be present while the celtic church [] only one  a plausible enough position , given the difficulties ireland posed to travel at the time and the small number of bishops in the country anyway .

It invited various statutory and voluntary organisations to take part in a co-ordinating committee to study the problem and consider what action was required in terms of publicity , health education and the co-ordination of agency responses .
it invited various statutory and voluntary organisations to take part in a co-ordinating committee to study the problem and consider what action was [] in terms of publicity , health education and the co-ordination of agency responses .

Second , in the case of the other seven indicator agencies , which did have central recording systems , visits were made by members of the research team who transcribed all of the required information on to prestructured forms .
second , in the case of the other seven indicator agencies , which did have central recording systems , visits were made by members of the research team who transcribed all of the [] information on to prestructured forms .

The interviewer only  butted in  when clarification was required on a specific topic or if the conversation wandered too far off the point .
the interviewer only  butted in  when clarification was [] on a specific topic or if the conversation wandered too far off the point .

Given the significance of regular heroin use , the psychological and physical dependency often associated with the drug , and the all-embracing nature of the lifestyle usually required to secure funds and supplies , users tend to live from moment to moment and find little time for reflecting upon their situation .
given the significance of regular heroin use , the psychological and physical dependency often associated with the drug , and the all-embracing nature of the lifestyle usually [] to secure funds and supplies , users tend to live from moment to moment and find little time for reflecting upon their situation .

Thus , for each of the four townships , it should be possible to compare the users identified by the first prevalence study with the users generated by the snowball sample in the same township to produce the required ratio of hidden to known use .
thus , for each of the four townships , it should be possible to compare the users identified by the first prevalence study with the users generated by the snowball sample in the same township to produce the [] ratio of hidden to known use .

More typically , however , the active involvement of the authorities of the relevant foreign State will be required ( especially if the attitudes of those authorities derives from the civil law tradition ) or at least desirable .
more typically , however , the active involvement of the authorities of the relevant foreign state will be [] ( especially if the attitudes of those authorities derives from the civil law tradition ) or at least desirable .

The leave of the court or of some other official agency may be required and official assistance may be available to those who choose to avail themselves of it ; but no special steps to initiate the actual business of service abroad will be mandatory .
the leave of the court or of some other official agency may be [] and official assistance may be available to those who choose to avail themselves of it ; but no special steps to initiate the actual business of service abroad will be mandatory .

Action may be required by the court itself , the court issuing a Letter of Request asking either a foreign court or another competent authority in the state of destination to assist in having the documents served ; this practice is particularly entrenched in Latin America .
action may be [] by the court itself , the court issuing a letter of request asking either a foreign court or another competent authority in the state of destination to assist in having the documents served ; this practice is particularly entrenched in latin america .

This is due to the number of distinct administrative hierarchies whose active co-operation is required , and whose officers frankly have other tasks of much greater priority and interest .
this is due to the number of distinct administrative hierarchies whose active co-operation is [] , and whose officers frankly have other tasks of much greater priority and interest .

If some acknowledgement of due service is required , it may have to retrace the path of the original documents .
if some acknowledgement of due service is [] , it may have to retrace the path of the original documents .

There may be real practical advantages in having a central source of expertise ; such a source is more likely to send documents in a form , and with accompanying material , required by the state of destination or specified in the applicable bilateral or multilateral convention .
there may be real practical advantages in having a central source of expertise ; such a source is more likely to send documents in a form , and with accompanying material , [] by the state of destination or specified in the applicable bilateral or multilateral convention .

This mode represents the ultimate  deregulation  , always supposing that service by some official of the state of destination is required .
this mode represents the ultimate  deregulation  , always supposing that service by some official of the state of destination is [] .

Unfortunately , this does not address the question in which cases such service is required ; it does not , read strictly , touch those provisions of the law of the state of origin which allow valid service by notification au parquet or , for that matter , affixing the document to the courthouse door .
unfortunately , this does not address the question in which cases such service is [] ; it does not , read strictly , touch those provisions of the law of the state of origin which allow valid service by notification au parquet or , for that matter , affixing the document to the courthouse door .

During the meeting of the Special Commission which prepared the preliminary draft of the Convention there was considerable , but inconclusive , discussion of the position which should obtain when service was required on someone strongly suspected of being in a particular country but whose address within the country was unknown .
during the meeting of the special commission which prepared the preliminary draft of the convention there was considerable , but inconclusive , discussion of the position which should obtain when service was [] on someone strongly suspected of being in a particular country but whose address within the country was unknown .

The strength of this argument is increasingly recognised , as the expertise of Central Authorities has grown ; some countries have chosen to use their Central Authorities as transmitting agents , although not required to do so by the Convention , and have discovered that the advantages outweigh any risk of slight delays caused by the extra agency involved within the state of origin .
the strength of this argument is increasingly recognised , as the expertise of central authorities has grown ; some countries have chosen to use their central authorities as transmitting agents , although not [] to do so by the convention , and have discovered that the advantages outweigh any risk of slight delays caused by the extra agency involved within the state of origin .

The Convention prescribes in some detail the documentation to be used , the extent to which translations may be required , and the actual mode of service to be employed in the state of destination ; these various issues are interconnected .
the convention prescribes in some detail the documentation to be used , the extent to which translations may be [] , and the actual mode of service to be employed in the state of destination ; these various issues are interconnected .

If a translation is required , the whole document must be translated including any appended material treated by the law of the state of origin as an essential part of the document .
if a translation is [] , the whole document must be translated including any appended material treated by the law of the state of origin as an essential part of the document .

It is clear that where service is required to be effected in a Contracting State , the provisions of the convention , as given effect in national law or as a self-executing Treaty , will prevail over the general law as to service of process .
it is clear that where service is [] to be effected in a contracting state , the provisions of the convention , as given effect in national law or as a self-executing treaty , will prevail over the general law as to service of process .

On the other hand , the Hague Convention deals with a limited issue , that of service abroad ; it does not affect the rules as to the extent of the jurisdiction of the courts of a particular state , the rules of the forum court as to which documents are required to be served , nor the time-limits set for procedural steps under that law .
on the other hand , the hague convention deals with a limited issue , that of service abroad ; it does not affect the rules as to the extent of the jurisdiction of the courts of a particular state , the rules of the forum court as to which documents are [] to be served , nor the time-limits set for procedural steps under that law .

The Luxembourg case concerned a notice of appeal from the decision of a lower court , required by the lex fori to be given within 15 days of the date of the judgment .
the luxembourg case concerned a notice of appeal from the decision of a lower court , [] by the lex fori to be given within 15 days of the date of the judgment .

The Court held that this amounted to good service in accordance with the Convention ( read with a Belgium-Luxembourg agreement made under the 1954 Hague Convention ) but also that service of the notice of appeal was validly completed by the posting of the notice as required by internal Luxembourg law .
the court held that this amounted to good service in accordance with the convention ( read with a belgium-luxembourg agreement made under the 1954 hague convention ) but also that service of the notice of appeal was validly completed by the posting of the notice as [] by internal luxembourg law .

Where a company incorporated outside Great Britain establishes a place of business in Great Britain it must deliver to the Registrar of Companies a list of names and addresses of one or more persons resident in Great Britain and authorised to accept on the company 's behalf service of process and any notices required to be served on it .
where a company incorporated outside great britain establishes a place of business in great britain it must deliver to the registrar of companies a list of names and addresses of one or more persons resident in great britain and authorised to accept on the company 's behalf service of process and any notices [] to be served on it .

In all these cases , the relevant legal provisions required there to be onward transmission of the documents to the defendant .
in all these cases , the relevant legal provisions [] there to be onward transmission of the documents to the defendant .

If this argument has any substance , it lies in the fact that service on an involuntary agent attracts no legal as opposed to practical requirement that there be any supplemental transmission of information to the defendant abroad , whereas supplemental transmission of the actual documents served is required to be effected by the huissier initiating notification au parquet and by a Secretary of State on whom documents are served under the similar United States practice .
if this argument has any substance , it lies in the fact that service on an involuntary agent attracts no legal as opposed to practical requirement that there be any supplemental transmission of information to the defendant abroad , whereas supplemental transmission of the actual documents served is [] to be effected by the huissier initiating notification au parquet and by a secretary of state on whom documents are served under the similar united states practice .

Those who eschew its procedures risk discovering that the forum 's internal law required transmittal of documents for service abroad , and that the Convention therefore provided the exclusive means of valid service .
those who eschew its procedures risk discovering that the forum 's internal law [] transmittal of documents for service abroad , and that the convention therefore provided the exclusive means of valid service .

The Draft provides for the service of documents required for the purpose of a civil proceeding at the request of a tribunal ( defined to include courts , and administrative agencies engaged in the exercise of judicial or quasi-judicial functions ) of the state of origin .
the draft provides for the service of documents [] for the purpose of a civil proceeding at the request of a tribunal ( defined to include courts , and administrative agencies engaged in the exercise of judicial or quasi-judicial functions ) of the state of origin .

It appears from the context that this is not intended as a limitation on the use of  judicial channels  but rather as a preliminary observation before a specific provision that in such border cases legalization is not required .
it appears from the context that this is not intended as a limitation on the use of  judicial channels  but rather as a preliminary observation before a specific provision that in such border cases legalization is not [] .

Legalization is required in other cases unless the letters rogatory are transmitted through consular or diplomatic channels or through  the  Central Authority ( semble of the state of origin ) 217 ; a letter rogatory legalized by a competent consular or diplomatic agent is  presumed to be duly legalized in the State of origin  .
legalization is [] in other cases unless the letters rogatory are transmitted through consular or diplomatic channels or through  the  central authority ( semble of the state of origin ) 217 ; a letter rogatory legalized by a competent consular or diplomatic agent is  presumed to be duly legalized in the state of origin  .

Documentation required
documentation []

When transmitted , the letter must be accompanied by certain other documents , intended for delivery to the person on whom the process , summons or subpoena is to be served , and all must be translated into the official language of the state of destination . The other required documents are :
when transmitted , the letter must be accompanied by certain other documents , intended for delivery to the person on whom the process , summons or subpoena is to be served , and all must be translated into the official language of the state of destination . the other [] documents are :

In particular three forms are prescribed , which to minimise translation problems are required to be printed either in all four official languages of the Organization of American States ( English , French , Portuguese and Spanish ) or at least in the languages of the states of origin and destination .
in particular three forms are prescribed , which to minimise translation problems are [] to be printed either in all four official languages of the organization of american states ( english , french , portuguese and spanish ) or at least in the languages of the states of origin and destination .

Legalization is not required , as the Convention already provided for the exclusion of this requirement when transmission was through a Central Authority .
legalization is not [] , as the convention already provided for the exclusion of this requirement when transmission was through a central authority .

Where official assistance is sought , a translation of the writ into the official language of the state of destination is required ( even in those cases where the Hague Convention imposes no such requirement ) , unless the writ is to be served by a British consular authority on a British subject and no relevant bilateral Convention imposes an express translation requirement .
where official assistance is sought , a translation of the writ into the official language of the state of destination is [] ( even in those cases where the hague convention imposes no such requirement ) , unless the writ is to be served by a british consular authority on a british subject and no relevant bilateral convention imposes an express translation requirement .

Is it in any way relevant that the person required to make discovery , or a document , is outside the jurisdiction ?
is it in any way relevant that the person [] to make discovery , or a document , is outside the jurisdiction ?

It has long been established that a defendant may be required to discover documents under his control but situated abroad ; in the early cases , the fact that relevant documents were in Calcutta or in Tobago led merely to an extension in the time allowed for their production .
it has long been established that a defendant may be [] to discover documents under his control but situated abroad ; in the early cases , the fact that relevant documents were in calcutta or in tobago led merely to an extension in the time allowed for their production .

any fact required to be proved at the trial of any action begun by writ by the evidence of witnesses shall be proved by the examination of witnesses orally and in open court .
any fact [] to be proved at the trial of any action begun by writ by the evidence of witnesses shall be proved by the examination of witnesses orally and in open court .

In some circumstances , the course of the trial will be such that a witness whose affidavit has been received will after all be required to attend for cross-examination ; this applies no less to witnesses abroad as to those within the jurisdiction .
in some circumstances , the course of the trial will be such that a witness whose affidavit has been received will after all be [] to attend for cross-examination ; this applies no less to witnesses abroad as to those within the jurisdiction .

that the issue in respect of which the evidence is required is one that the Court ought to try ;
that the issue in respect of which the evidence is [] is one that the court ought to try ;

No legalisation of the Letter or other like formality may be required .
no legalisation of the letter or other like formality may be [] .

The requested authority is required by Article 10 to apply the same measures of compulsion against an unwilling witness as it would do under its internal law in local proceedings .
the requested authority is [] by article 10 to apply the same measures of compulsion against an unwilling witness as it would do under its internal law in local proceedings .

Under Article 26 a State may , if required to do so because of constitutional limitations ( and on the basis of reciprocity ) , request reimbursement by the requesting State of fees and costs for the service of process on an unwilling witness and for his attendance , and for transcripts or evidence .
under article 26 a state may , if [] to do so because of constitutional limitations ( and on the basis of reciprocity ) , request reimbursement by the requesting state of fees and costs for the service of process on an unwilling witness and for his attendance , and for transcripts or evidence .

It is possible to read paragraph ( b ) of this declaration as implying that the United Kingdom will execute Letters of Request seeking the production of particular documents specified in the Letter and required by way of  discovery  , even if they do not ( in the words of the corresponding Rule of the Supreme Court ) 502  relate to a matter in question in the cause or matter  .
it is possible to read paragraph ( b ) of this declaration as implying that the united kingdom will execute letters of request seeking the production of particular documents specified in the letter and [] by way of  discovery  , even if they do not ( in the words of the corresponding rule of the supreme court ) 502  relate to a matter in question in the cause or matter  .

Viscount Dilhorne similarly held that if the requested court was not satisfied that evidence was required , direct evidence for use at a trial as contrasted with information which might lead to the discovery of evidence , it had no power to assist .
viscount dilhorne similarly held that if the requested court was not satisfied that evidence was [] , direct evidence for use at a trial as contrasted with information which might lead to the discovery of evidence , it had no power to assist .

In a common law country , the preparation of a case for trial is the private responsibility of the parties , and so the taking of evidence , without compulsion , by a consul or a commissioner does not necessarily offend such a country 's concept of judicial sovereignty ; but the position may be very different where , as in many civil law countries the obtaining of evidence is part of the judicial function , and official permission is be required before the evidence can be taken privately .
in a common law country , the preparation of a case for trial is the private responsibility of the parties , and so the taking of evidence , without compulsion , by a consul or a commissioner does not necessarily offend such a country 's concept of judicial sovereignty ; but the position may be very different where , as in many civil law countries the obtaining of evidence is part of the judicial function , and official permission is be [] before the evidence can be taken privately .

Under the Convention , a requested State is to apply the same measures of compulsion as would be available in purely domestic cases ; this is reflected in the provision in section 2 ( 3 ) of the Act that an order under that section may not require any particular steps to be taken unless they are steps which can be required to be taken by way of obtaining evidence for the purposes of civil proceedings in the court making the order , i.e .
under the convention , a requested state is to apply the same measures of compulsion as would be available in purely domestic cases ; this is reflected in the provision in section 2 ( 3 ) of the act that an order under that section may not require any particular steps to be taken unless they are steps which can be [] to be taken by way of obtaining evidence for the purposes of civil proceedings in the court making the order , i.e .

This phrase is to be given a strict construction ; to avoid countenancing  fishing expeditions  , the documents must be either individual documents separately described or documents falling within a compendious description which nonetheless indicates the exact documents required .
this phrase is to be given a strict construction ; to avoid countenancing  fishing expeditions  , the documents must be either individual documents separately described or documents falling within a compendious description which nonetheless indicates the exact documents [] .

In part their stance depended on pre-Convention United States practice and upon observations , notably by one of the United States delegation at The Hague , that the Convention required no significant change in that practice .
in part their stance depended on pre-convention united states practice and upon observations , notably by one of the united states delegation at the hague , that the convention [] no significant change in that practice .

Witnesses and documents located there are required to be taken out of that country for production before the authorities of the United States or before persons acting with the backing of the courts of that country ; it must appear to be an attempt to give world-wide application to the procedural rules of the United States .
witnesses and documents located there are [] to be taken out of that country for production before the authorities of the united states or before persons acting with the backing of the courts of that country ; it must appear to be an attempt to give world-wide application to the procedural rules of the united states .

The Convention simply does not address the movement of persons or documents from that country to the forum State or a third State ; nor , of course , the extensive nature of such movement required to comply with some American discovery orders .
the convention simply does not address the movement of persons or documents from that country to the forum state or a third state ; nor , of course , the extensive nature of such movement [] to comply with some american discovery orders .

Related considerations led a number of courts to distinguish between party and non-party witnesses . Although this distinction has no basis in the text of the Convention , it was argued that if the person required to produce material or provide a deposition were a party subject to the in personam jurisdiction of the United States courts then the Convention did not offer any protection
related considerations led a number of courts to distinguish between party and non-party witnesses . although this distinction has no basis in the text of the convention , it was argued that if the person [] to produce material or provide a deposition were a party subject to the in personam jurisdiction of the united states courts then the convention did not offer any protection

The brief rejected the relevance of United States in personam jurisdiction over the person required to produce evidence , and asserted the cooperative attitude of German courts and authorities to requests made under the Convention .
the brief rejected the relevance of united states in personam jurisdiction over the person [] to produce evidence , and asserted the cooperative attitude of german courts and authorities to requests made under the convention .

This makes a total of 50 votes , 4 short of the required total .
this makes a total of 50 votes , 4 short of the [] total .

No deposit is required at the time of booking but the following cancellation arrangements and charges shall apply .
no deposit is [] at the time of booking but the following cancellation arrangements and charges shall apply .

Final numbers for accommodation and catering services are required not less than 21 days prior to the date of commencement of the conference/course .
final numbers for accommodation and catering services are [] not less than 21 days prior to the date of commencement of the conference/course .

The Great Hall has 247 fixed seats and a maximum of 399 linked seats downstairs ( can be adjusted to less if required ) and 326 seats in the balcony .
the great hall has 247 fixed seats and a maximum of 399 linked seats downstairs ( can be adjusted to less if [] ) and 326 seats in the balcony .

Organisers should notify the University as to whether the induction loop facility is required during the period in which the Great Hall is in use .
organisers should notify the university as to whether the induction loop facility is [] during the period in which the great hall is in use .

( 1987 ) report that a 25-category classification system was required to fully represent the variety of types of household structure in which older people in Great Britain lived .
( 1987 ) report that a 25-category classification system was [] to fully represent the variety of types of household structure in which older people in great britain lived .

Improved data are required before these questions can be answered with any certainty .
improved data are [] before these questions can be answered with any certainty .

However , much further work is required , especially in the calculation of age and sex specific rates .
however , much further work is [] , especially in the calculation of age and sex specific rates .

Clearly researching these areas is highly problematic , especially if details about the amount of food eaten are required .
clearly researching these areas is highly problematic , especially if details about the amount of food eaten are [] .

However , much more work is required before it is possible to state if the relationship between these two events is causal .
however , much more work is [] before it is possible to state if the relationship between these two events is causal .

With regard to the health care of older people the most salient feature of the new contract is that they will be required to annually invite each patient on their list aged 75 and over to participate in a consultation which should assess the health of the patient .
with regard to the health care of older people the most salient feature of the new contract is that they will be [] to annually invite each patient on their list aged 75 and over to participate in a consultation which should assess the health of the patient .

The Griffiths Review concentrated upon adults who required care and support from others because they were elderly , mentally ill or handicapped or physically disabled ( the so-called  priority care groups  ) .
the griffiths review concentrated upon adults who [] care and support from others because they were elderly , mentally ill or handicapped or physically disabled ( the so-called  priority care groups  ) .

How will older people receive the type , continuity and quality of care required ?
how will older people receive the type , continuity and quality of care [] ?

Overall these data indicate that the informal sector is the main provider of help to older people , especially with the personal and household tasks which are required to maintain them in the community .
overall these data indicate that the informal sector is the main provider of help to older people , especially with the personal and household tasks which are [] to maintain them in the community .

used a sample of elderly resident in the community , identified those who required help with adl activities and then asked the older person to identify his or her  main helper  .
used a sample of elderly resident in the community , identified those who [] help with adl activities and then asked the older person to identify his or her  main helper  .

These distinctions have implications for the type of care provided , the support services required and the stresses and problems associated with caring .
these distinctions have implications for the type of care provided , the support services [] and the stresses and problems associated with caring .

Lounge / dining / kitchen areas with seating which converts to double bed or two single beds as required .
lounge / dining / kitchen areas with seating which converts to double bed or two single beds as [] .

Lounge / dining / kitchen areas with seating which converts to a double or two single beds are required .
lounge / dining / kitchen areas with seating which converts to a double or two single beds are [] .

Bedroom with twin single beds which make into double bed if required .
bedroom with twin single beds which make into double bed if [] .

Bedroom with two single beds which makes a double bed if required .
bedroom with two single beds which makes a double bed if [] .

Lounge/dining/kitchen areas with seating which converts to double bed or two single beds as required .
lounge/dining/kitchen areas with seating which converts to double bed or two single beds as [] .

Lounge/dining/kitchen areas with seating which converts to a double or two single beds as required .
lounge/dining/kitchen areas with seating which converts to a double or two single beds as [] .

Roomy lounge sleeps two extra if required .
roomy lounge sleeps two extra if [] .

Lounge/dining/kitchen areas with seating which converts to a double or two single beds as required .
lounge/dining/kitchen areas with seating which converts to a double or two single beds as [] .

Clearly the relativistic approach of Becker is self evidently required in one form or another in any sociology of deviance , and it is perhaps a rather miserable reflection on the state of the discipline that such an elementary argument is ignored by those who see it as clashing with their struggle for admission to the club of natural science .
clearly the relativistic approach of becker is self evidently [] in one form or another in any sociology of deviance , and it is perhaps a rather miserable reflection on the state of the discipline that such an elementary argument is ignored by those who see it as clashing with their struggle for admission to the club of natural science .

Jock Young ( 1971 ) , however , following Matza , points out that no such mechanistic assumptions are required for the model .
jock young ( 1971 ) , however , following matza , points out that no such mechanistic assumptions are [] for the model .

In particular it seems to be required to be quiet , stable and relatively slow .
in particular it seems to be [] to be quiet , stable and relatively slow .

The second , the within-group development process , is concerned with the establishment of certain well-defined status positions within each group and with the acquisition of the appropriate social knowledge to equip a member to  carry off  the performances required by such roles .
the second , the within-group development process , is concerned with the establishment of certain well-defined status positions within each group and with the acquisition of the appropriate social knowledge to equip a member to  carry off  the performances [] by such roles .

In many cases fans were able to attach labels to certain positions , but in some cases the role was defined only by the range of behaviours required for it .
in many cases fans were able to attach labels to certain positions , but in some cases the role was defined only by the range of behaviours [] for it .

At other times the chant leader is required to initiate chants in reply to a chant from the opposition fans .
at other times the chant leader is [] to initiate chants in reply to a chant from the opposition fans .

One individual , however , can never be visible to all fans at the back of the terrace , and for this reason more than one chant leader is required .
one individual , however , can never be visible to all fans at the back of the terrace , and for this reason more than one chant leader is [] .

Like the other roles we have sketched , being an organizer required a particular set of skills and a particular commitment to the group .
like the other roles we have sketched , being an organizer [] a particular set of skills and a particular commitment to the group .

But it provided the occupant of this role with a very central and secure position within the group via a means that required no conflict with the rest of society .
but it provided the occupant of this role with a very central and secure position within the group via a means that [] no conflict with the rest of society .

Being Phil 's mate , for example , was something which many fans aspired to even though they could never hope to carry off the performances required of an aggro leader themselves .
being phil 's mate , for example , was something which many fans aspired to even though they could never hope to carry off the performances [] of an aggro leader themselves .

Three old mill stones serve as the steps up to the door of the mill , an aesthetically appealing alternative use for them now that they are no longer required for the purpose for which they were designed .
three old mill stones serve as the steps up to the door of the mill , an aesthetically appealing alternative use for them now that they are no longer [] for the purpose for which they were designed .

Full English , vegetarian or continental breakfast as required .
full english , vegetarian or continental breakfast as [] .

All food is bought fresh daily and the management respectfully request a minimum of 24 hours notice on evening meals if required .
all food is bought fresh daily and the management respectfully request a minimum of 24 hours notice on evening meals if [] .

These interests need to be accommodated in a realistic and practical way ; and while the solution is not easy , an appropriate well-reasoned regulatory response is required .
these interests need to be accommodated in a realistic and practical way ; and while the solution is not easy , an appropriate well-reasoned regulatory response is [] .

The breakdown of the old , oligopolistic , single capacity , club-like  system and its transformation into the new multi-function , intensely competitive system ,  [ required ] an equivalent transformation of the regulatory system .
the breakdown of the old , oligopolistic , single capacity , club-like  system and its transformation into the new multi-function , intensely competitive system ,  [ [] ] an equivalent transformation of the regulatory system .

Although exact answers are not available , some means of predicting outcomes is required .
although exact answers are not available , some means of predicting outcomes is [] .

Therefore the interval required for stock prices to adjust to new information is reduced when insiders trade ( Demsetz , 1969a , p.14 ) ( emphasis added ) .
therefore the interval [] for stock prices to adjust to new information is reduced when insiders trade ( demsetz , 1969a , p.14 ) ( emphasis added ) .

Without insider trading , however , the position of those who sell during the time required for the price to rise from $ 50 to $ 60 is radically altered .
without insider trading , however , the position of those who sell during the time [] for the price to rise from $ 50 to $ 60 is radically altered .

Given that insiders are difficult to catch , exemplary sentences are required , pour encourager les autres .
given that insiders are difficult to catch , exemplary sentences are [] , pour encourager les autres .

Indeed , it is often ineffective , due to the difficulty of detecting abuse and , in criminal cases at least , the high standard of proof required for a successful prosecution .
indeed , it is often ineffective , due to the difficulty of detecting abuse and , in criminal cases at least , the high standard of proof [] for a successful prosecution .

Again , it is worth noting that dealing need not actually take place ; communication of the relevant information is all that is required .
again , it is worth noting that dealing need not actually take place ; communication of the relevant information is all that is [] .

The exemption covers the situation where the trustee or personal representative , who , through owing fiduciary obligations to his beneficiary , is required to deal in certain securities at a time when he is in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information .
the exemption covers the situation where the trustee or personal representative , who , through owing fiduciary obligations to his beneficiary , is [] to deal in certain securities at a time when he is in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information .

 the standard of conduct required from a director in relation to dealings with a shareholder will differ depending upon all the surrounding circumstances and the nature of the responsibility which in a real and practical sense the director has assumed towards the shareholder .
 the standard of conduct [] from a director in relation to dealings with a shareholder will differ depending upon all the surrounding circumstances and the nature of the responsibility which in a real and practical sense the director has assumed towards the shareholder .

In other words , under the misappropriation theory it is clear that no breach of duty to the issuer of the securities traded in , is required , provided there has been a breach of duty to another person ; however , under Rule 14e-3 it is not necessary for any fiduciary duty to be owed or breached .
in other words , under the misappropriation theory it is clear that no breach of duty to the issuer of the securities traded in , is [] , provided there has been a breach of duty to another person ; however , under rule 14e-3 it is not necessary for any fiduciary duty to be owed or breached .

( 1 ) the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (  Exchange Act  ) governing trading while in possession of material , nonpublic information are , as required by such Act , necessary and appropriate in the public interest and for the protection of investors .
( 1 ) the rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission under the securities exchange act of 1934 (  exchange act  ) governing trading while in possession of material , nonpublic information are , as [] by such act , necessary and appropriate in the public interest and for the protection of investors .

There is a billiards room , tennis court ( equipment required ) , indoor and terrace restaurant and a lake view dining-room offering  la carte meals at a supplement .
there is a billiards room , tennis court ( equipment [] ) , indoor and terrace restaurant and a lake view dining-room offering  la carte meals at a supplement .

Complimentary  Carta Venezia  for all guests staying 7 nights or more which can be used to obtain up to a 60% reduction on public waterboats ( 2 passport photos required ) .
complimentary  carta venezia  for all guests staying 7 nights or more which can be used to obtain up to a 60% reduction on public waterboats ( 2 passport photos [] ) .

If we all agree that change is required then why is it so difficult to implement ?
if we all agree that change is [] then why is it so difficult to implement ?

Some central control is required over medical education to ensure that rational decisions are being taken and that the quality of education is monitored .
some central control is [] over medical education to ensure that rational decisions are being taken and that the quality of education is monitored .

Some encouraging laboratory and clinical studies suggest that pre-emptive analgesia does reduce pain after surgery , but the optimum choices of agents and timing required for a clinically useful effect remain to be established .
some encouraging laboratory and clinical studies suggest that pre-emptive analgesia does reduce pain after surgery , but the optimum choices of agents and timing [] for a clinically useful effect remain to be established .

We estimated that a change of five points in the Spielberger score might be clinically significant ; to detect this with 95% power ( assuming a standard deviation of 6 ) the required sample size was calculated to be 4050 patients in each group .
we estimated that a change of five points in the spielberger score might be clinically significant ; to detect this with 95% power ( assuming a standard deviation of 6 ) the [] sample size was calculated to be 4050 patients in each group .

Nevertheless , the lack of association between reduced birth weight and the subsequent development of diabetes suggests that defects of  cell function , in addition to that which may be induced by malnutrition in utero , are probably required for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes .
nevertheless , the lack of association between reduced birth weight and the subsequent development of diabetes suggests that defects of  cell function , in addition to that which may be induced by malnutrition in utero , are probably [] for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes .

Similarly , general practitioners are unlikely to have the management resources to contract for the full range of services required by a local population .
similarly , general practitioners are unlikely to have the management resources to contract for the full range of services [] by a local population .

Until then , talk of cash limited budgets will only add to general practitioners ' sense of being required to make too many changes too quickly .
until then , talk of cash limited budgets will only add to general practitioners ' sense of being [] to make too many changes too quickly .

The family health services authority 's role of advising general practitioners , both on improving their prescribing and on how to ensure value for money , will remain and they will be required to show the effectiveness of their interventions .
the family health services authority 's role of advising general practitioners , both on improving their prescribing and on how to ensure value for money , will remain and they will be [] to show the effectiveness of their interventions .

The tragedy is that many of these disorders are easily diagnosed ; all that is required is to take an adequate history and perform a mental state examination , procedures that are cheap and free from side effects .
the tragedy is that many of these disorders are easily diagnosed ; all that is [] is to take an adequate history and perform a mental state examination , procedures that are cheap and free from side effects .

Much thought is required to smooth the path if this scheme hopes to meet with success .
much thought is [] to smooth the path if this scheme hopes to meet with success .

Further investigations are urgently required if the  futuristic technologies  are to bear any fruit .
further investigations are urgently [] if the  futuristic technologies  are to bear any fruit .

The same applies in flying instrument approaches : although it is a stable instrument platform , care is required since the flap limiting speed is around 100 knots , and even with the power back to around 15  of manifold if the aircraft is allowed to descend before flaps and undercarriage are deployed it is very difficult to bring the speed back .
the same applies in flying instrument approaches : although it is a stable instrument platform , care is [] since the flap limiting speed is around 100 knots , and even with the power back to around 15  of manifold if the aircraft is allowed to descend before flaps and undercarriage are deployed it is very difficult to bring the speed back .

To attain any particular setting you watch the flap position indicator which is just below the manifold pressure gauge , depress the lever , then return it to neutral when the required degrees are shown .
to attain any particular setting you watch the flap position indicator which is just below the manifold pressure gauge , depress the lever , then return it to neutral when the [] degrees are shown .

If power is reduced below that required for level flight when the wheels are retracted the plastic wheel flashes red  not bad for a forty-year-old design .
if power is reduced below that [] for level flight when the wheels are retracted the plastic wheel flashes red  not bad for a forty-year-old design .

The emergency , hand-operated hydraulic pump has a telescopic handle which can be extended for use and pushed in out of the way when not required .
the emergency , hand-operated hydraulic pump has a telescopic handle which can be extended for use and pushed in out of the way when not [] .

If the left hand engine packs up about 35 pumps on the handle are required to raise the wheels  bad news when the donkey quits immediately after take-off !
if the left hand engine packs up about 35 pumps on the handle are [] to raise the wheels  bad news when the donkey quits immediately after take-off !

That 's all the navigational flight planning required with the quarter mill .
that 's all the navigational flight planning [] with the quarter mill .

Thereafter ,  fly the line  , keeping a careful eye on drift and timing for the first quarter of the route , and replicating whatever heading is required for the next three- quarters , noting the times to the quarter-points .
thereafter ,  fly the line  , keeping a careful eye on drift and timing for the first quarter of the route , and replicating whatever heading is [] for the next three- quarters , noting the times to the quarter-points .

For more demanding purposes still more is required , and it is often hard to decide just where to fix the borderline .
for more demanding purposes still more is [] , and it is often hard to decide just where to fix the borderline .

can be required to take responsibility ) to a corresponding degree .
can be [] to take responsibility ) to a corresponding degree .

Women may , for example , be required to be both sexually exciting and available , and modest and chaste .
women may , for example , be [] to be both sexually exciting and available , and modest and chaste .

Where steps are built into a terrace or patio , sides are obviously enclosed , but a side wall or balustrade may still be required on one side in some cases .
where steps are built into a terrace or patio , sides are obviously enclosed , but a side wall or balustrade may still be [] on one side in some cases .

The only maintenance required is an occasional wipe over with a mild detergent .
the only maintenance [] is an occasional wipe over with a mild detergent .

The aluminium tube is then cut to length as required with a hacksaw .
the aluminium tube is then cut to length as [] with a hacksaw .

The kit provides superstrong hanger bars , which can be cut to length as required , plus all the fixing brackets , housings , screws and the centre section that you need
the kit provides superstrong hanger bars , which can be cut to length as [] , plus all the fixing brackets , housings , screws and the centre section that you need

Use levelling strips to provide the correct fall and to mark the required depth of sand .
use levelling strips to provide the correct fall and to mark the [] depth of sand .

The rail can be cut with a hacksaw to fit exactly in the space available , and matching end brackets are simply screwed to the side wall or panel , or suspended from the frame ( additional hanging supports are required for long rails ) .
the rail can be cut with a hacksaw to fit exactly in the space available , and matching end brackets are simply screwed to the side wall or panel , or suspended from the frame ( additional hanging supports are [] for long rails ) .

In ten years ' time the Esquire piece will be required reading for any journalist or student researching one of the few creative talents in the cinema today .
in ten years ' time the esquire piece will be [] reading for any journalist or student researching one of the few creative talents in the cinema today .

It was against this background that the negotiators at Bretton Woods accepted that more cooperation would be required after the end of the war .
it was against this background that the negotiators at bretton woods accepted that more cooperation would be [] after the end of the war .

The band of fluctuation either side of the new parities was widened from 1 per cent to 2.25 per cent , thus allowing for a larger margin of exchange rate fluctuation before official intervention was required .
the band of fluctuation either side of the new parities was widened from 1 per cent to 2.25 per cent , thus allowing for a larger margin of exchange rate fluctuation before official intervention was [] .

The Bank also provides its members with technical assistance and advice on projects , since the less developed countries often lack the required technical expertise .
the bank also provides its members with technical assistance and advice on projects , since the less developed countries often lack the [] technical expertise .

Such a shortcoming is illustrated by the imprecise meaning of the term  fundamental disequilibrium  , the required condition for a devaluation by a deficit country .
such a shortcoming is illustrated by the imprecise meaning of the term  fundamental disequilibrium  , the [] condition for a devaluation by a deficit country .

Nevertheless some form of discretionary adjustment may still be required , especially for deficit countries , since there is no guarantee that the exchange rate will adjust smoothly in such a manner as to ensure an equilibrium in the balance of payments .
nevertheless some form of discretionary adjustment may still be [] , especially for deficit countries , since there is no guarantee that the exchange rate will adjust smoothly in such a manner as to ensure an equilibrium in the balance of payments .

Obviously the snake arrangements required intervention by domestic monetary authorities when currencies looked likely to break out of the 2 per cent band .
obviously the snake arrangements [] intervention by domestic monetary authorities when currencies looked likely to break out of the 2 per cent band .

Need for official reserves Because governments have frequently intervened in foreign exchange markets , the operation of floating exchange rates has , like the adjustable peg system before it , required the availability of official reserves .
need for official reserves because governments have frequently intervened in foreign exchange markets , the operation of floating exchange rates has , like the adjustable peg system before it , [] the availability of official reserves .

The major reason for this is that exchange markets appear to be fairly volatile , and therefore governments have required large reserves of foreign currencies to moderate unwanted fluctuations in the exchange value of their currencies .
the major reason for this is that exchange markets appear to be fairly volatile , and therefore governments have [] large reserves of foreign currencies to moderate unwanted fluctuations in the exchange value of their currencies .

An awareness that the debt problem of the developing countries  particularly the group of fifteen heavily indebted nations ( see Section 8.2.2 ) required monitoring .
an awareness that the debt problem of the developing countries  particularly the group of fifteen heavily indebted nations ( see section 8.2.2 ) [] monitoring .

This extra consumers ' expenditure will give rise to additional income of 40 million in those domestic industries producing the required goods and services .
this extra consumers ' expenditure will give rise to additional income of 40 million in those domestic industries producing the [] goods and services .

However , investment is required to augment productive capacity , and policies to eliminate excessive fluctuations in aggregate demand may provide the best environment for high investment expenditures .
however , investment is [] to augment productive capacity , and policies to eliminate excessive fluctuations in aggregate demand may provide the best environment for high investment expenditures .

Additional policies may be required to complement fiscal policy if the government is to have a better chance of achieving its various objectives .
additional policies may be [] to complement fiscal policy if the government is to have a better chance of achieving its various objectives .

The transactions demand is related to the function money performs as a medium of exchange in that a certain quantity of money balances is required by economic transactors simply to purchase the goods and services they expect to buy during the period in question .
the transactions demand is related to the function money performs as a medium of exchange in that a certain quantity of money balances is [] by economic transactors simply to purchase the goods and services they expect to buy during the period in question .

Furthermore , during periods of inflation money incomes will normally rise together with prices and so more money will be required simply to purchase the same collection of goods and services .
furthermore , during periods of inflation money incomes will normally rise together with prices and so more money will be [] simply to purchase the same collection of goods and services .

Furthermore , the authorities will require sets of consistent data before they accept that action is required .
furthermore , the authorities will require sets of consistent data before they accept that action is [] .

The administration lag Even when the authorities recognize that action is required , there may be a further lag before the available instruments are brought into action .
the administration lag even when the authorities recognize that action is [] , there may be a further lag before the available instruments are brought into action .

The administration lag should not be as long for monetary policy since formal Parliamentary approval is not required .
the administration lag should not be as long for monetary policy since formal parliamentary approval is not [] .

An undisclosed number of MPs on both sides of the House of Commons pay the 35 membership subscription for the information and publications provided by the Group , but they are not required to pledge support for its aims .
an undisclosed number of mps on both sides of the house of commons pay the 35 membership subscription for the information and publications provided by the group , but they are not [] to pledge support for its aims .

On the practical level , changes in social policies which reduce women 's claims to maintenance on men but do not recognise that changes in the division of responsibilities for caring between men and women within the family and between the family and the wider community are also required , may in the end be counter-productive as far as women are concerned .
on the practical level , changes in social policies which reduce women 's claims to maintenance on men but do not recognise that changes in the division of responsibilities for caring between men and women within the family and between the family and the wider community are also [] , may in the end be counter-productive as far as women are concerned .

Apart from the very great difficulty of establishing how a couple manage their finances ( in effect one would have to take their word for it ) and the strong incentive they would have to arrange their affairs so as to safeguard the woman 's claim to benefit , the fact that she is receiving benefit may itself make it unnecessary for the man to give her more than is required for his own keep .
apart from the very great difficulty of establishing how a couple manage their finances ( in effect one would have to take their word for it ) and the strong incentive they would have to arrange their affairs so as to safeguard the woman 's claim to benefit , the fact that she is receiving benefit may itself make it unnecessary for the man to give her more than is [] for his own keep .

These are the recommended minimum space and heating standards proposed by the Parker Morris Committee in 1961 , which were required to be incorporated in public housing design from January 1969  yet another gain made in the early 1960s to be whittled away under the current government .
these are the recommended minimum space and heating standards proposed by the parker morris committee in 1961 , which were [] to be incorporated in public housing design from january 1969  yet another gain made in the early 1960s to be whittled away under the current government .

Berger 's irrationalist pessimism about the fate of ideas in history is neither fully justified by history nor required by logic .
berger 's irrationalist pessimism about the fate of ideas in history is neither fully justified by history nor [] by logic .

It seems that Freud did regard most religious beliefs as unjustified by experience and by reason , and that they therefore required an explanation in terms of psychoanalysis .
it seems that freud did regard most religious beliefs as unjustified by experience and by reason , and that they therefore [] an explanation in terms of psychoanalysis .

One carries a rope and he frets about its purpose , whether it 's required , where they could possibly have used it .
one carries a rope and he frets about its purpose , whether it 's [] , where they could possibly have used it .

For the first 30 days in Nepal bank exchange receipts for $20 a day are no longer required to obtain a trekking permit .
for the first 30 days in nepal bank exchange receipts for $20 a day are no longer [] to obtain a trekking permit .

Visas are not required for entry into Bolivia , where you are given a 30-day entrance stamp , renewable at a federal police station in any major city .
visas are not [] for entry into bolivia , where you are given a 30-day entrance stamp , renewable at a federal police station in any major city .

All that is required is that she should climb better , harder , in more desperate circumstances than every man on the planet and we men will accept her as an equal . Ca n't say fairer than that now can we ?
all that is [] is that she should climb better , harder , in more desperate circumstances than every man on the planet and we men will accept her as an equal . ca n't say fairer than that now can we ?

Restrictions imposed by the nature of the track would limit the operating speed to 50 mph and the large capital sums required to upgrade the line were not available .
restrictions imposed by the nature of the track would limit the operating speed to 50 mph and the large capital sums [] to upgrade the line were not available .

The ancient superstition is that the water gods required a sacrifice to keep them content , and the church later named wells after saints and called them holy wells .
the ancient superstition is that the water gods [] a sacrifice to keep them content , and the church later named wells after saints and called them holy wells .

Canon law , however , gave grounds for supporting that an incompetent king ,  rex inutilis  , could be required to abdicate , and the articles against the king , which may have been drawn up by the Bishop of Winchester , allege that his  uselessness  had brought damage and destruction to the Church , people and realm of England .
canon law , however , gave grounds for supporting that an incompetent king ,  rex inutilis  , could be [] to abdicate , and the articles against the king , which may have been drawn up by the bishop of winchester , allege that his  uselessness  had brought damage and destruction to the church , people and realm of england .

Lancaster himself had to enter into a recognizance of 30,000 and similar large sums were required from his most important followers .
lancaster himself had to enter into a recognizance of 30,000 and similar large sums were [] from his most important followers .

The recognizances which had been required from several of the most powerful nobles gave the regime an effective hold over them , and none of the movements against Mortimer had gained the support of the king himself .
the recognizances which had been [] from several of the most powerful nobles gave the regime an effective hold over them , and none of the movements against mortimer had gained the support of the king himself .

In 1326 Scotland and France had concluded a new alliance , the Treaty of Corbeil , under which the French , while not being required to take military action on behalf of the Scots in any future conflict with England , agreed to give them diplomatic support , while the French obtained from the Scots an agreement to attack England in the event of war between the French and the English .
in 1326 scotland and france had concluded a new alliance , the treaty of corbeil , under which the french , while not being [] to take military action on behalf of the scots in any future conflict with england , agreed to give them diplomatic support , while the french obtained from the scots an agreement to attack england in the event of war between the french and the english .

The monopolistic merchants found that they had insufficient capital to advance the loans required ; there was much evasion of the monopolies ; and the export trade itself was disrupted by the crown 's impressment of merchant shipping for war , and its political pressures on Flanders .
the monopolistic merchants found that they had insufficient capital to advance the loans [] ; there was much evasion of the monopolies ; and the export trade itself was disrupted by the crown 's impressment of merchant shipping for war , and its political pressures on flanders .

The tax thus came to be seen as an impost on the whole community , to which the general assent of the community was required .
the tax thus came to be seen as an impost on the whole community , to which the general assent of the community was [] .

The concessions Edward made on matters such as purveyance and unparliamentary taxation went a long way towards meeting the grievances of the commons , and the king was able to mobilize the resources he required for war .
the concessions edward made on matters such as purveyance and unparliamentary taxation went a long way towards meeting the grievances of the commons , and the king was able to mobilize the resources he [] for war .

So a sudden death play-off was required to settle the matter and it was almost all over at the 19th hole .
so a sudden death play-off was [] to settle the matter and it was almost all over at the 19th hole .

However Mr Northfield added there was no scope for compromise , and it was possible tougher action would be required , although he still hopes common sense will prevail .
however mr northfield added there was no scope for compromise , and it was possible tougher action would be [] , although he still hopes common sense will prevail .

Written authorisation from the publisher is required for returns , which should then be sent to the warehouse address on the authorisation .
written authorisation from the publisher is [] for returns , which should then be sent to the warehouse address on the authorisation .

Water can applied at a lower application rate in a much faster time or heavier rate if required simply by adjusting the travel speed .
water can applied at a lower application rate in a much faster time or heavier rate if [] simply by adjusting the travel speed .

It was  extraordinary  that the chosen route , from Folkestone to Rochester and Gravesend , crossing the Thames at Dartford and entering London through Dagenham and the East End to a terminal at St Pancras , required the demolition of only 11 homes .
it was  extraordinary  that the chosen route , from folkestone to rochester and gravesend , crossing the thames at dartford and entering london through dagenham and the east end to a terminal at st pancras , [] the demolition of only 11 homes .

Disadvantages include the low concentrations of most elements of interest , the care required to avoid contamination and the need to take account of hydrological conditions .
disadvantages include the low concentrations of most elements of interest , the care [] to avoid contamination and the need to take account of hydrological conditions .

Licensees are required to carry out an agreed scheme of prospecting and to report the results of their work programmes to the Department annually .
licensees are [] to carry out an agreed scheme of prospecting and to report the results of their work programmes to the department annually .

In Northern Ireland planning permission is not usually required for normal prospecting activities .
in northern ireland planning permission is not usually [] for normal prospecting activities .

The Minerals Officer will be able to advise developers on their applications and on what supporting information will be required to help the planning committee reach a decision .
the minerals officer will be able to advise developers on their applications and on what supporting information will be [] to help the planning committee reach a decision .

It has a soft texture but is firm enough in lump form to be sawn or broken into smaller pieces as required .
it has a soft texture but is firm enough in lump form to be sawn or broken into smaller pieces as [] .

It may also be a good option if you purchase materials as a group ; you can then share out the paper , cut to size as required .
it may also be a good option if you purchase materials as a group ; you can then share out the paper , cut to size as [] .

This means that the required colours can be squeezed out into the palette before painting .
this means that the [] colours can be squeezed out into the palette before painting .

Admission is free and no booking is required .
admission is free and no booking is [] .

Unbeaten Surrey , setting the pace at the top of the table , were left with a target of 242 in 34 overs after bowling out Essex for 153  and after some spectacular hitting required just 64 off 12 overs when the skies opened up .
unbeaten surrey , setting the pace at the top of the table , were left with a target of 242 in 34 overs after bowling out essex for 153  and after some spectacular hitting [] just 64 off 12 overs when the skies opened up .

Both had required life-saving operations .
both had [] life-saving operations .

( e ) Students are required to submit tests for marking according to a pre-determined timetable ; each test shows the latest date by which it must be in the tutor 's hands .
( e ) students are [] to submit tests for marking according to a pre-determined timetable ; each test shows the latest date by which it must be in the tutor 's hands .

Something better was required .
something better was [] .

However , the problems were so huge and required so much finance that other resources were required and the European Community has now taken a leading role .
however , the problems were so huge and [] so much finance that other resources were [] and the european community has now taken a leading role .

There is still much work to do at Kozloduy before the world can relax , and a long term commitment is required .
there is still much work to do at kozloduy before the world can relax , and a long term commitment is [] .

As policies are now printed as required , the policy issued to the policyholder also contains the schedule and where appropriate the certificate of motor insurance .
as policies are now printed as [] , the policy issued to the policyholder also contains the schedule and where appropriate the certificate of motor insurance .

evidence that you have the minimum compulsory motor insurance required by law . The certificate of motor insurance forms part of the policy and shows who can drive your motor cycle and the purposes for which it can be used
evidence that you have the minimum compulsory motor insurance [] by law . the certificate of motor insurance forms part of the policy and shows who can drive your motor cycle and the purposes for which it can be used

evidence that you have the minimum compulsory motor insurance required by law in the countries for which it operative
evidence that you have the minimum compulsory motor insurance [] by law in the countries for which it operative

General Accident will pay for Emergency Treatment , as required by the Road Traffic Acts , resulting from an incident involving any motor cycle which this policy insures .
general accident will pay for emergency treatment , as [] by the road traffic acts , resulting from an incident involving any motor cycle which this policy insures .

a guarantee or deposit is required for your , or their release
a guarantee or deposit is [] for your , or their release

As required by the Road Traffic Acts , we will pay for emergency medical treatment that is needed after an accident involving any vehicle which this policy insures .
as [] by the road traffic acts , we will pay for emergency medical treatment that is needed after an accident involving any vehicle which this policy insures .

Payments for emergency medical treatment , as required by the Road Traffic Acts , will not affect your no claim bonus or protected no claim bonus .
payments for emergency medical treatment , as [] by the road traffic acts , will not affect your no claim bonus or protected no claim bonus .

As required by the Road Traffic Acts , we will pay for emergency medical treatment that is needed after an accident involving any vehicle which this policy insures .
as [] by the road traffic acts , we will pay for emergency medical treatment that is needed after an accident involving any vehicle which this policy insures .

Payments for emergency medical treatment , as required by the Road Traffic Acts , will not affect your no claim bonus or protected no claim bonus .
payments for emergency medical treatment , as [] by the road traffic acts , will not affect your no claim bonus or protected no claim bonus .

As required by the Road Traffic Acts , we will pay for emergency medical treatment that is needed after an accident involving any vehicle which this policy insures .
as [] by the road traffic acts , we will pay for emergency medical treatment that is needed after an accident involving any vehicle which this policy insures .

Payments for emergency medical treatment , as required by the Road Traffic Acts , will not affect your no claim bonus or protected no claim bonus .
payments for emergency medical treatment , as [] by the road traffic acts , will not affect your no claim bonus or protected no claim bonus .

As required by the Road Traffic Acts , we will pay for emergency medical treatment that is needed after an accident involving any vehicle which this policy insures .
as [] by the road traffic acts , we will pay for emergency medical treatment that is needed after an accident involving any vehicle which this policy insures .

Payments for emergency medical treatment , as required by the Road Traffic Acts , will not affect your no claim bonus or protected no claim bonus . When your car is out of use
payments for emergency medical treatment , as [] by the road traffic acts , will not affect your no claim bonus or protected no claim bonus . when your car is out of use

The Policyholder shall be allowed to have any reasonable repairs commenced without prior notice to the Corporation subject to the Corporation being supplied forthwith with a detailed estimate in such form as may be required but otherwise the Policyholder shall not incur any expense in making good any damage without the authority in writing of the Corporation .
the policyholder shall be allowed to have any reasonable repairs commenced without prior notice to the corporation subject to the corporation being supplied forthwith with a detailed estimate in such form as may be [] but otherwise the policyholder shall not incur any expense in making good any damage without the authority in writing of the corporation .

The number of books issued in the Main Reading Room , 203,442 , shows a decrease of nearly 6% , but this is almost certainly due to the disruption in book supply caused by the progressive programme of floor closures required by fire alarm renewal installation work throughout the second half of the year .
the number of books issued in the main reading room , 203,442 , shows a decrease of nearly 6% , but this is almost certainly due to the disruption in book supply caused by the progressive programme of floor closures [] by fire alarm renewal installation work throughout the second half of the year .

It then dawned on them that maybe sea legs were required for the following morning .
it then dawned on them that maybe sea legs were [] for the following morning .

Specialised access equipment was required and the tiles were sprayed and the spaces dusted .
specialised access equipment was [] and the tiles were sprayed and the spaces dusted .

No Trading Account is required for the branch .
no trading account is [] for the branch .

Provision required for specific bad debts 5,200
provision [] for specific bad debts 5,200

Provision required for general bad debts equal to 6%
provision [] for general bad debts equal to 6%

Emphasis is put on the fact that learned skills such as shorthand are never forgotten and can soon be brought back to the standard required .
emphasis is put on the fact that learned skills such as shorthand are never forgotten and can soon be brought back to the standard [] .

These packs will be invaluable to both tutors and students alike because they will provide very clear guidance on the level of achievement required by the Board .
these packs will be invaluable to both tutors and students alike because they will provide very clear guidance on the level of achievement [] by the board .

 The new syllabus is required because marketing is highly dynamic subject which is now regarded as of key importance to many disciplines other than advertising and sales .
 the new syllabus is [] because marketing is highly dynamic subject which is now regarded as of key importance to many disciplines other than advertising and sales .

 The question paper format remains unchanged : 5 answers will be required from 10 questions offered , and the first question will remain compulsory .
 the question paper format remains unchanged : 5 answers will be [] from 10 questions offered , and the first question will remain compulsory .

 Candidates will be required to show that they have looked at marketing in the real world as well as through the limiting perspective of the texts .
 candidates will be [] to show that they have looked at marketing in the real world as well as through the limiting perspective of the texts .

Material for developing listening and speaking skills aimed at specialists and non-specialists studying for and working in international businesses where English language skills are required .
material for developing listening and speaking skills aimed at specialists and non-specialists studying for and working in international businesses where english language skills are [] .

Students are required to listen and respond throughout .
students are [] to listen and respond throughout .

2.2 Percentages of marks required
2.2 percentages of marks []

In manuscript assignments , candidates will be required to demonstrate simple display techniques .
in manuscript assignments , candidates will be [] to demonstrate simple display techniques .

In the manuscript assignment , candidates will be required to demonstrate display techniques .
in the manuscript assignment , candidates will be [] to demonstrate display techniques .

The manuscript assignment , candidates will be required to demonstrate display techniques .
the manuscript assignment , candidates will be [] to demonstrate display techniques .

Candidates will be required to demonstrate understanding and knowledge of the way in which a modern office works and of the various support services it needs .
candidates will be [] to demonstrate understanding and knowledge of the way in which a modern office works and of the various support services it needs .

Candidates will be required to demonstrate an understanding of the functions of an office , office procedures and uses of equipment .
candidates will be [] to demonstrate an understanding of the functions of an office , office procedures and uses of equipment .

2.2 Percentages of marks required
2.2 percentages of marks []

The rubric will include data on which a reply might be based and an indication of the tone required .
the rubric will include data on which a reply might be based and an indication of the tone [] .

The rubric will give guidance on the form and content required .
the rubric will give guidance on the form and content [] .

It is assumed that there will be no need for as great a level of close supervision and scrutiny as that required at lower levels , and that successful candidates will , apart from occasional stylistic errors and slips , be able to carry out successfully all the linguistic tasks and employer might set .
it is assumed that there will be no need for as great a level of close supervision and scrutiny as that [] at lower levels , and that successful candidates will , apart from occasional stylistic errors and slips , be able to carry out successfully all the linguistic tasks and employer might set .

Candidates will be required to exercise their judgement on matters of appropriacy and adequacy .
candidates will be [] to exercise their judgement on matters of appropriacy and adequacy .

Candidates whose mother tongue is not English will be required to pass an Oral Test before they can be awarded a certificate .
candidates whose mother tongue is not english will be [] to pass an oral test before they can be awarded a certificate .

Candidates are therefore required to display a knowledge of business practice and an ability to discuss commercial and economic issues .
candidates are therefore [] to display a knowledge of business practice and an ability to discuss commercial and economic issues .

Candidates whose mother tongue is not English will be required to pass an Oral Test before they can be awarded a certificate .
candidates whose mother tongue is not english will be [] to pass an oral test before they can be awarded a certificate .

Offered on demand as well as series-timetabled examinations , the new examinations are structured in sets of modules , each of which can be recognised by a separate certificate . Candidates have a 5-year period to accumulate the module certificates required to make up the full group awards of :
offered on demand as well as series-timetabled examinations , the new examinations are structured in sets of modules , each of which can be recognised by a separate certificate . candidates have a 5-year period to accumulate the module certificates [] to make up the full group awards of :

It is aimed at providing practising teachers of English as a Foreign Language with the additional skills and knowledge required to operate effectively in the field of teaching English for Business purposes .
it is aimed at providing practising teachers of english as a foreign language with the additional skills and knowledge [] to operate effectively in the field of teaching english for business purposes .

According to Martyn Fear , drill bit specialist from the Drilling Technology group in Aberdeen , the duration of the rotating time required to drill the well , the extremely rough drilling conditions , the time spent tripping and replacing worn bits , and the costs of bit purchase are all highly dependent upon drill bit efficiency .
according to martyn fear , drill bit specialist from the drilling technology group in aberdeen , the duration of the rotating time [] to drill the well , the extremely rough drilling conditions , the time spent tripping and replacing worn bits , and the costs of bit purchase are all highly dependent upon drill bit efficiency .

 To put this in context , it would mean a further 30 per cent reduction in costs is required to be best in class .
 to put this in context , it would mean a further 30 per cent reduction in costs is [] to be best in class .

 The job required 51,000 man-hours over a 28-week period ,  he said .
 the job [] 51,000 man-hours over a 28-week period ,  he said .

This specific and complex test was required , the experts say , because the Cusiana rock is quite variable , a condition that could not allow for the application of routine technology to asses well productivity .
this specific and complex test was [] , the experts say , because the cusiana rock is quite variable , a condition that could not allow for the application of routine technology to asses well productivity .

Consideration is also being given to running workshops on the internal quality assurance mechanisms which colleges will be required to develop .
consideration is also being given to running workshops on the internal quality assurance mechanisms which colleges will be [] to develop .

We underestimated the amount of counselling required to ensure that students choose appropriate options .
we underestimated the amount of counselling [] to ensure that students choose appropriate options .

The development of these courses involved widespread consultation and had required a major commitment by college staff .
the development of these courses involved widespread consultation and had [] a major commitment by college staff .

The course will develop a range of competences required by employers , together with the skills of versatility , adaptability and organisation .
the course will develop a range of competences [] by employers , together with the skills of versatility , adaptability and organisation .

The reality is that , from specialist beginnings , the range of skills required by actuaries is expanding continually  the reason being that the actuarial profession lives in a commercial environment and has to adapt continuously to changing circumstances .
the reality is that , from specialist beginnings , the range of skills [] by actuaries is expanding continually  the reason being that the actuarial profession lives in a commercial environment and has to adapt continuously to changing circumstances .

All employers and those responsible for buildings are now required to ensure such safety measures are taken and to be able to demonstrate they have done so .
all employers and those responsible for buildings are now [] to ensure such safety measures are taken and to be able to demonstrate they have done so .

Turn down heating when not required .
turn down heating when not [] .

The Company Secretary is responsible for keeping the Human Resources Director informed on all environmental issues as and when necessary , and for providing any legal input required by the Committee .
the company secretary is responsible for keeping the human resources director informed on all environmental issues as and when necessary , and for providing any legal input [] by the committee .

Seven modules have been introduced covering areas such as cognitive , occupational , developmental and clinical psychology , and providing the skills and knowledge likely to be required at a basic level in higher education .
seven modules have been introduced covering areas such as cognitive , occupational , developmental and clinical psychology , and providing the skills and knowledge likely to be [] at a basic level in higher education .

The courses include the skills required at advanced craft level across engineering disciplines .
the courses include the skills [] at advanced craft level across engineering disciplines .

There are a number of candidates who will be able to attain this qualification retrospectively , having already achieved the required modules .
there are a number of candidates who will be able to attain this qualification retrospectively , having already achieved the [] modules .

The new module covers the basic skills and knowledge required to build , maintain , and repair drystone dykes .
the new module covers the basic skills and knowledge [] to build , maintain , and repair drystone dykes .

At Wester Hailes a small support group was set up in advance of the assessment to advise staff on what would be required of them .
at wester hailes a small support group was set up in advance of the assessment to advise staff on what would be [] of them .

 Others required more attention .
 others [] more attention .

The system will ensure that candidates ' achievement is compared accurately against the level of achievement required for the award and is rewarded consistently , whenever and wherever that achievement has been demonstrated .
the system will ensure that candidates ' achievement is compared accurately against the level of achievement [] for the award and is rewarded consistently , whenever and wherever that achievement has been demonstrated .

The centre assures the supply and availability of the resources necessary to support and assess candidates ' achievement of the award 's outcomes to the required performance criteria and in the appropriate range of settings .
the centre assures the supply and availability of the resources necessary to support and assess candidates ' achievement of the award 's outcomes to the [] performance criteria and in the appropriate range of settings .

The policy does not provide cover for remedial work required due to normal wear and tear or to the failure by the Policyholder to exercise ordinary care and maintenance over his property .
the policy does not provide cover for remedial work [] due to normal wear and tear or to the failure by the policyholder to exercise ordinary care and maintenance over his property .

The Loss Adjuster and the branch should not be afraid to challenge the proposed course of remedial work where the Consulting Engineers are recommending remedial work which appears to be well in excess of what is required to stabilise the property .
the loss adjuster and the branch should not be afraid to challenge the proposed course of remedial work where the consulting engineers are recommending remedial work which appears to be well in excess of what is [] to stabilise the property .

It may be necessary to appoint a tree specialist ( arboriculturist ) to provide a professional opinion on the level of action required .
it may be necessary to appoint a tree specialist ( arboriculturist ) to provide a professional opinion on the level of action [] .

In such cases it may be appropriate to consider continuing full cover on behalf of the new owner of the property until the end of the monitoring period , at which time we will be responsible for any remedial work required .
in such cases it may be appropriate to consider continuing full cover on behalf of the new owner of the property until the end of the monitoring period , at which time we will be responsible for any remedial work [] .

where the foundations of a property have not been constructed to a level required by regulations applying at the time of construction .
where the foundations of a property have not been constructed to a level [] by regulations applying at the time of construction .

We would not necessarily seek a contribution from the previous insurers where the remedial work required to rectify the damage occurring whilst we are on cover has swamped any pre-existing damage .
we would not necessarily seek a contribution from the previous insurers where the remedial work [] to rectify the damage occurring whilst we are on cover has swamped any pre-existing damage .

Corporation must give the Policyholder consent to have such work carried out unless immediate action is required in the interests of safety .
corporation must give the policyholder consent to have such work carried out unless immediate action is [] in the interests of safety .

If , following destruction or damage insured under the policy , additional works are required to comply with building and government regulations and/or local by-laws , then the cost of the additional works will be covered under the policy , unless :
if , following destruction or damage insured under the policy , additional works are [] to comply with building and government regulations and/or local by-laws , then the cost of the additional works will be covered under the policy , unless :

In the event of a claim under this section of the policy , the following documents are required :
in the event of a claim under this section of the policy , the following documents are [] :

However the undernoted information may act as a general guide to clarify what action may be required : 
however the undernoted information may act as a general guide to clarify what action may be [] : 

However , a more sympathetic approach is normally required and a contribution made towards the cost of the undamaged item ( s ) .
however , a more sympathetic approach is normally [] and a contribution made towards the cost of the undamaged item ( s ) .

Repairs to a building or an item of contents may be required but the
repairs to a building or an item of contents may be [] but the

However , in certain areas such as Guernsey and Northern Ireland , a firearms certificate is required for all guns .
however , in certain areas such as guernsey and northern ireland , a firearms certificate is [] for all guns .

 However , this strategy will enable us to respond efficiently when recovery comes , with our skilled staff and the necessary machinery in place to increase production to required levels , while maintaining the quality standards that are part of the Company 's heritage . 
 however , this strategy will enable us to respond efficiently when recovery comes , with our skilled staff and the necessary machinery in place to increase production to [] levels , while maintaining the quality standards that are part of the company 's heritage . 

Initially , all that is required of volunteers is for them to go along to a clinic where a small sample of blood is taken .
initially , all that is [] of volunteers is for them to go along to a clinic where a small sample of blood is taken .

The test will check the presence and condition of mirrors required by law to be fitted .
the test will check the presence and condition of mirrors [] by law to be fitted .

after purchase substantial work required and new survey indicated only value was that of the site .
after purchase substantial work [] and new survey indicated only value was that of the site .

a dangerous dog , as defined by section 1 of the dangerous dogs act 1991 , in a private car which was on a public highway was in a public place , within the meaning of section 10(2) of the act and was therefore required to be muzzled and on a lead as prescribed by section 1(2) ( d ) of the act .
a dangerous dog , as defined by section 1 of the dangerous dogs act 1991 , in a private car which was on a public highway was in a public place , within the meaning of section 10(2) of the act and was therefore [] to be muzzled and on a lead as prescribed by section 1(2) ( d ) of the act .

contrary to the accepted general rule a defendant is liable to his neighbour for the negligence of an independent contractor where work carried out between adjoining premises required particular care to ensure a waterproof joint was made .
contrary to the accepted general rule a defendant is liable to his neighbour for the negligence of an independent contractor where work carried out between adjoining premises [] particular care to ensure a waterproof joint was made .

in this case the defendants were required to settle a claim as the contractor was bankrupt .
in this case the defendants were [] to settle a claim as the contractor was bankrupt .

the judge commented that there is a tendency among some solicitors to put forward grossly inflated percentages and failed to appreciate that to justify a mark-up even as high as 100 % required a demonstration that the case was exceptional .
the judge commented that there is a tendency among some solicitors to put forward grossly inflated percentages and failed to appreciate that to justify a mark-up even as high as 100 % [] a demonstration that the case was exceptional .

It is accepted that in a large number of cases , we are involved with a seriously ill or injured claimant , where an urgent decision is required .
it is accepted that in a large number of cases , we are involved with a seriously ill or injured claimant , where an urgent decision is [] .

Investigation may be required with the Claimant 's Doctor but discretion must be used in view of the delicacy of the situation .
investigation may be [] with the claimant 's doctor but discretion must be used in view of the delicacy of the situation .

Europ Assistance may be required to guarantee hospital accounts for claims involving serious pre-existing illnesses and an early decision may be required .
europ assistance may be [] to guarantee hospital accounts for claims involving serious pre-existing illnesses and an early decision may be [] .

It is accepted that in a large number of cases , we are involved with a seriously ill or injured claimant , where an urgent decision is required .
it is accepted that in a large number of cases , we are involved with a seriously ill or injured claimant , where an urgent decision is [] .

There are times when additional information is required from the Policyholder 's Doctor .
there are times when additional information is [] from the policyholder 's doctor .

Great care is required in differentiating between those acts that are negligent but result from carelessness as opposed to recklessness .
great care is [] in differentiating between those acts that are negligent but result from carelessness as opposed to recklessness .

Fourteen days after a Proof has been allowed , each party is required to intimate to his opponents a list of documents which are or have been in his possession relating to the matters in dispute in the action .
fourteen days after a proof has been allowed , each party is [] to intimate to his opponents a list of documents which are or have been in his possession relating to the matters in dispute in the action .

In the event that further investigation was required during the Adjustment Period , now is the appropriate time to assess that evidence and , if appropriate , to take further steps to attempt settlement .
in the event that further investigation was [] during the adjustment period , now is the appropriate time to assess that evidence and , if appropriate , to take further steps to attempt settlement .

In the event that it is apparent that the case will , in fact , be contested , either because liability is to be denied or because the parties are too far apart in their assessment of the issues in dispute , now is the appropriate time to consider what further evidence is required for the Proof and whether the evidence that is available is adequate and sufficient for its purpose .
in the event that it is apparent that the case will , in fact , be contested , either because liability is to be denied or because the parties are too far apart in their assessment of the issues in dispute , now is the appropriate time to consider what further evidence is [] for the proof and whether the evidence that is available is adequate and sufficient for its purpose .

After such period of adjustment as the Court may have allowed , the Record is closed and within fourteen days thereafter , each party is required to provide his opponent with  a list of documents which are or have been in his possession or control relating to the matters in dispute in the action  .
after such period of adjustment as the court may have allowed , the record is closed and within fourteen days thereafter , each party is [] to provide his opponent with  a list of documents which are or have been in his possession or control relating to the matters in dispute in the action  .

The appeal provisions are , however , different in that in such an action , leave to appeal is required and must be obtained within seven days of the date of judgement .
the appeal provisions are , however , different in that in such an action , leave to appeal is [] and must be obtained within seven days of the date of judgement .

There is no reinstatement of the Sum Insured required in Marine insurance as there is in other classes of business e.g .
there is no reinstatement of the sum insured [] in marine insurance as there is in other classes of business e.g .

Indeed this General Term is seen by the law as a separate Contract of Insurance , and we would , in fact , pay sums recoverable under that General Term in addition to the total loss if this were required .
indeed this general term is seen by the law as a separate contract of insurance , and we would , in fact , pay sums recoverable under that general term in addition to the total loss if this were [] .

Where a farmhouse or other building is regarded as being a private dwellinghouse a bank/organisation will only be required to notify its interest to an insurer where the sum insured exceeds the threshold .
where a farmhouse or other building is regarded as being a private dwellinghouse a bank/organisation will only be [] to notify its interest to an insurer where the sum insured exceeds the threshold .

Employees will be required to give the Library one week 's notice of resignation .
employees will be [] to give the library one week 's notice of resignation .

As a condition of this appointment you are required to accept that if the appointment is not renewed or extended at the end of the period referred to you will not be entitled to claim any rights to complain of unfair dismissal under the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 , as amended , which authorizes the exclusion by agreement of any such claim in the case of an appointment for a period of one year or more .
as a condition of this appointment you are [] to accept that if the appointment is not renewed or extended at the end of the period referred to you will not be entitled to claim any rights to complain of unfair dismissal under the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 , as amended , which authorizes the exclusion by agreement of any such claim in the case of an appointment for a period of one year or more .

You are further required as a condition of this appointment to accept that if the appointment is not renewed at the end of the period referred to then you would not be entitled to claim any redundancy payment under the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 or under any analogous provisions , should your appointment not be renewed at the end of the period referred to .
you are further [] as a condition of this appointment to accept that if the appointment is not renewed at the end of the period referred to then you would not be entitled to claim any redundancy payment under the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 or under any analogous provisions , should your appointment not be renewed at the end of the period referred to .

Your appointment may be terminated at any time during the probationary period in the case of misconduct or if your service is unsatisfactory and it is clear that you will not be able to reach the required standard before the end of the probationary period .
your appointment may be terminated at any time during the probationary period in the case of misconduct or if your service is unsatisfactory and it is clear that you will not be able to reach the [] standard before the end of the probationary period .

This appointment may be terminated prior to by you or by the Board and in any such case you will be entitled to receive and required to give notice in writing as described in the schedule .
this appointment may be terminated prior to by you or by the board and in any such case you will be entitled to receive and [] to give notice in writing as described in the schedule .

Scientific analysis of the stone is required to determine , for example , the geological make-up , mortar recipe or contaminating salt content , and careful work may be necessary to pin cracked stones together with non-rusting phosphor bronze dowels .
scientific analysis of the stone is [] to determine , for example , the geological make-up , mortar recipe or contaminating salt content , and careful work may be necessary to pin cracked stones together with non-rusting phosphor bronze dowels .

No stamp is required .
no stamp is [] .

The Banks indicated to the Labour Court , at that stage , that the numbers required for this task would be approximately 700 but despite the fact that full Extended Opening Hours are now in place , the figure actually employed by the Banks falls very far short of that number .
the banks indicated to the labour court , at that stage , that the numbers [] for this task would be approximately 700 but despite the fact that full extended opening hours are now in place , the figure actually employed by the banks falls very far short of that number .

The Bank confirms that there will be no rationalisation required nor redundancies demanded .
the bank confirms that there will be no rationalisation [] nor redundancies demanded .

If there are any conditions imposed in the medical report or the licence such as the adaptation of the car then evidence that such conditions have been complied with will also be required .
if there are any conditions imposed in the medical report or the licence such as the adaptation of the car then evidence that such conditions have been complied with will also be [] .

The Competition itself was hard fought with a count back being required to isolate the eventual winner with 38 points , Dean Simpson of the Northern Bank and a member of Dunmurry Golf Club .
the competition itself was hard fought with a count back being [] to isolate the eventual winner with 38 points , dean simpson of the northern bank and a member of dunmurry golf club .

The agreement that bodies such as The Scottish Roads Directorate should fund the archaeological work required by their developments has also led to a closer liaison on survey and excavation .
the agreement that bodies such as the scottish roads directorate should fund the archaeological work [] by their developments has also led to a closer liaison on survey and excavation .

Please state your choice of visit and the number of tickets required and your name , address , telephone number and Friends membership number .
please state your choice of visit and the number of tickets [] and your name , address , telephone number and friends membership number .

the accountant is required to extract balances on the clients ' ledger accounts at two or more dates  now at least three months apart  and compare the total liabilities to clients with the cash book balance on the client account , and reconcile the cash book balance with the client account balance as confirmed directly to the accountant by the bank or building society ;
the accountant is [] to extract balances on the clients ' ledger accounts at two or more dates  now at least three months apart  and compare the total liabilities to clients with the cash book balance on the client account , and reconcile the cash book balance with the client account balance as confirmed directly to the accountant by the bank or building society ;

The course we have pursued has been a wise one  not cutting ahead of need but firmly doing so when required .
the course we have pursued has been a wise one  not cutting ahead of need but firmly doing so when [] .

In addition to informal chat about how things were going and where improvements could be made , staff were required , and parents were invited , to write a brief evaluative comment about each shared activity .
in addition to informal chat about how things were going and where improvements could be made , staff were [] , and parents were invited , to write a brief evaluative comment about each shared activity .

Two-thirds had attended a school visit which would have required organisation by senior school management .
two-thirds had attended a school visit which would have [] organisation by senior school management .

For some time the technology required even for what may seem advanced types of activity at home could be fairly basic .
for some time the technology [] even for what may seem advanced types of activity at home could be fairly basic .

The research committee agrees that there will be benefits from many of the recommendations made in these reports but believes that changes of a more fundamental nature are required to improve the effectiveness of auditing in meeting the public 's expectations .
the research committee agrees that there will be benefits from many of the recommendations made in these reports but believes that changes of a more fundamental nature are [] to improve the effectiveness of auditing in meeting the public 's expectations .

Given the present public concern about the effectiveness of auditing , the committee believes that appropriate legislation is required as a matter of urgency .
given the present public concern about the effectiveness of auditing , the committee believes that appropriate legislation is [] as a matter of urgency .

The situation whereby damage to commercial buildings caused by terrorism was covered by the insured 's standard fire policy was one that was unique to Britain and the new ruling brings this country into line with continental Europe where the terrorist risk has , for a number of years , required additional cover .
the situation whereby damage to commercial buildings caused by terrorism was covered by the insured 's standard fire policy was one that was unique to britain and the new ruling brings this country into line with continental europe where the terrorist risk has , for a number of years , [] additional cover .

With policyholders now required to take out a separate policy in addition to the normal fire cover , income from additional premiums will be paid into a pool which will be used to fund claims and the Government will reinsure the pool .
with policyholders now [] to take out a separate policy in addition to the normal fire cover , income from additional premiums will be paid into a pool which will be used to fund claims and the government will reinsure the pool .

An insurance company will not be required to enter the pool if it does not wish to do so ; membership of the pool will be voluntary .
an insurance company will not be [] to enter the pool if it does not wish to do so ; membership of the pool will be voluntary .

To do the project justice and allow time for the respondents ' concerns to be dealt with , this amount of time is required rather than sending all surveys out in one block .
to do the project justice and allow time for the respondents ' concerns to be dealt with , this amount of time is [] rather than sending all surveys out in one block .

Indeed , only five out of the 330 complaints brought since the scheme started have required arbitration .
indeed , only five out of the 330 complaints brought since the scheme started have [] arbitration .

The competition , which was open to students at colleges across the country , required entrants to answer four mini essay questions relating to course work and the five finalists met a panel of judges where they were asked to give a short presentation on one of the subjects .
the competition , which was open to students at colleges across the country , [] entrants to answer four mini essay questions relating to course work and the five finalists met a panel of judges where they were asked to give a short presentation on one of the subjects .

The introduction of the card was a further extension of that aim but it required the establishment of a network of businesses which would accept the cards and provide a service to the cardmember .
the introduction of the card was a further extension of that aim but it [] the establishment of a network of businesses which would accept the cards and provide a service to the cardmember .

 Insurance was another option , with one company offering cover for 1 a head for British guests , 2 for overseas visitors ; but that required completing a detailed insurance form for each individual  an administrative nightmare if high volume is involved . 
 insurance was another option , with one company offering cover for 1 a head for british guests , 2 for overseas visitors ; but that [] completing a detailed insurance form for each individual  an administrative nightmare if high volume is involved . 

The result is a database on which you can search for a favourite author or publisher , or search for packages that give you the required level of coverage of particular elements ( or units ) of competence .
the result is a database on which you can search for a favourite author or publisher , or search for packages that give you the [] level of coverage of particular elements ( or units ) of competence .

Often maths and English are required to certain specified levels .
often maths and english are [] to certain specified levels .

These confer the right  but not the obligation  to buy or sell the foreign currency required at a pre-determined rate .
these confer the right  but not the obligation  to buy or sell the foreign currency [] at a pre-determined rate .

With his background in the personnel field , it is perhaps not surprising that the firm became actively engaged in identifying , on a structured basis , and developing the necessary skills or competences required : financial , marketing , staff and project management and so on .
with his background in the personnel field , it is perhaps not surprising that the firm became actively engaged in identifying , on a structured basis , and developing the necessary skills or competences [] : financial , marketing , staff and project management and so on .

It can involve a simple space plan of the existing building to provide a more flexible and efficient layout or alternatively , it can be used as the basis to calculate the required floor area for a new building .
it can involve a simple space plan of the existing building to provide a more flexible and efficient layout or alternatively , it can be used as the basis to calculate the [] floor area for a new building .

Among other points in the opinion , sex discriminatory actuarial factors within the scheme are not allowed  benefits for women and men must be calculated in the same way , although unisex pricing of annuities on the market do not seem required .
among other points in the opinion , sex discriminatory actuarial factors within the scheme are not allowed  benefits for women and men must be calculated in the same way , although unisex pricing of annuities on the market do not seem [] .

Instead of opinions expressed  subject to  the effects of uncertainties , auditors will be required to express an opinion taking into account whether estimates an disclosures are sufficient for the accounts to give a true and fair view .
instead of opinions expressed  subject to  the effects of uncertainties , auditors will be [] to express an opinion taking into account whether estimates an disclosures are sufficient for the accounts to give a true and fair view .

It went on to discuss what form the opinion should take , including where a reservation of opinion would be required .
it went on to discuss what form the opinion should take , including where a reservation of opinion would be [] .

Along with marketing to attract more customers , the management changes throughout the sector have required that senior academics transform themselves into planners , seeking to attract money towards their work , rather than relying on the previous expectation that it would fall like manna from the principal 's office .
along with marketing to attract more customers , the management changes throughout the sector have [] that senior academics transform themselves into planners , seeking to attract money towards their work , rather than relying on the previous expectation that it would fall like manna from the principal 's office .

Reduction in guaranteed funding for research with each student place has led to senior academics increasingly being required to forsake the laboratory and library to go and press the flesh with research directors on the Government 's councils and of the big companies , charities and foundations .
reduction in guaranteed funding for research with each student place has led to senior academics increasingly being [] to forsake the laboratory and library to go and press the flesh with research directors on the government 's councils and of the big companies , charities and foundations .

From this , assumptions can be made about the internal processes required to find the answer .
from this , assumptions can be made about the internal processes [] to find the answer .

According to Bob Rouse of specialist hotel consultancy Business Green , the industry 's position  well down the chain of environmental polluters  has caused an unfortunate piecemeal approach , driven by the need for instant solutions rather than the long-term commitment required , with initiatives mostly those of large companies .
according to bob rouse of specialist hotel consultancy business green , the industry 's position  well down the chain of environmental polluters  has caused an unfortunate piecemeal approach , driven by the need for instant solutions rather than the long-term commitment [] , with initiatives mostly those of large companies .

All these major brewing companies were required to release up to 50 per cent of the public houses they owned , in excess of 2,000 outlets .
all these major brewing companies were [] to release up to 50 per cent of the public houses they owned , in excess of 2,000 outlets .

If people over a certain age , or within a certain age group , are required for a specified job for valid reasons , then it is not unlawful discrimination .
if people over a certain age , or within a certain age group , are [] for a specified job for valid reasons , then it is not unlawful discrimination .

This all happened before the food temperature regulations were introduced , but Mr Prior is proud to boast that in his view the kitchens go far beyond anything required by law .
this all happened before the food temperature regulations were introduced , but mr prior is proud to boast that in his view the kitchens go far beyond anything [] by law .

And Sadia has also introduced a small controller , allowing the user to accurately set the required temperature range .
and sadia has also introduced a small controller , allowing the user to accurately set the [] temperature range .

Individual or group counselling for returners when and if required .
individual or group counselling for returners when and if [] .

Except , that is , the people who were taking part and the level of commitment required to win in 1980 as opposed to 1924 .
except , that is , the people who were taking part and the level of commitment [] to win in 1980 as opposed to 1924 .

Schools are legally required to record pupil attendance and a good attendance rate is seen by many people as a characteristic of a good school .
schools are legally [] to record pupil attendance and a good attendance rate is seen by many people as a characteristic of a good school .

We repeat , a study of absentee pupils is required , not just of attendance rates , if reasons for non-attendance are to be uncovered and combated .
we repeat , a study of absentee pupils is [] , not just of attendance rates , if reasons for non-attendance are to be uncovered and combated .

This will take account of whether you have achieved the required standards and met your agreed objectives .
this will take account of whether you have achieved the [] standards and met your agreed objectives .

if you are a personal acquaintance of anyone with whom you are required to have business dealings during the course of your work , for example , if you have to deal with benefit claims or tenders for contracts made by friends or relatives .
if you are a personal acquaintance of anyone with whom you are [] to have business dealings during the course of your work , for example , if you have to deal with benefit claims or tenders for contracts made by friends or relatives .

In most cases , you will be required to request permission from your line manager before engaging in any political activity .
in most cases , you will be [] to request permission from your line manager before engaging in any political activity .

Within 15 working days of the end of each month the Chief Executive shall provide information on expenditure by vote subhead ( including separate details of salary costs and general administrative expenditure ) , monthly staff usage , an explanation of variances from the profiles , a forecast of financial outturn and the staffing information required by Treasury .
within 15 working days of the end of each month the chief executive shall provide information on expenditure by vote subhead ( including separate details of salary costs and general administrative expenditure ) , monthly staff usage , an explanation of variances from the profiles , a forecast of financial outturn and the staffing information [] by treasury .

The research was concerned with that common complaint of lack of time in school to do all that is required .
the research was concerned with that common complaint of lack of time in school to do all that is [] .

In all cases access is arranged by applying in person , at the main library issue desk , where proof of identify may be required .
in all cases access is arranged by applying in person , at the main library issue desk , where proof of identify may be [] .

Teachers wishing to undertake small scale individual research work in their own schools are , again , not required to contact the research committee .
teachers wishing to undertake small scale individual research work in their own schools are , again , not [] to contact the research committee .

people to talk to , encourage teachers and criticise constructively when required
people to talk to , encourage teachers and criticise constructively when []

Scuba diving is a very complex sport and you are required to learn many aspects of the sport all of which are vital for example , pressure equalization , maintenance of equipment , assembling the equipment , nitrogen narcosis , decompression sickness and use of dive tables misunderstandig or neglecting any of these can result in very serious injuries or paralysis or even death you also learn practical skills like mask clearing to a timed diver low compass navigation must also be mastered and a theory and practical tests are undertaken to show you are competent at scuba diving .
scuba diving is a very complex sport and you are [] to learn many aspects of the sport all of which are vital for example , pressure equalization , maintenance of equipment , assembling the equipment , nitrogen narcosis , decompression sickness and use of dive tables misunderstandig or neglecting any of these can result in very serious injuries or paralysis or even death you also learn practical skills like mask clearing to a timed diver low compass navigation must also be mastered and a theory and practical tests are undertaken to show you are competent at scuba diving .

No planning permission was required since selling will be conducted for less than 28 days and notices erected were less than 1 metre high .
no planning permission was [] since selling will be conducted for less than 28 days and notices erected were less than 1 metre high .

New pockets are required for the snooker tables and to accommodate the smaller 10p coin adjustments will be necessary to the pool table .
new pockets are [] for the snooker tables and to accommodate the smaller 10p coin adjustments will be necessary to the pool table .

Many adults would be required to assist in the conduct of this function .
many adults would be [] to assist in the conduct of this function .

The association has agreed to meet this expense but it will be pointed out to the Youth Club that if they are responsible for any further damage they will be required to provide the cash .
the association has agreed to meet this expense but it will be pointed out to the youth club that if they are responsible for any further damage they will be [] to provide the cash .

Since the hall was not in use for several weeks during the hallkeeper  s absence on holiday the required 60 hours  saving has been made .
since the hall was not in use for several weeks during the hallkeeper  s absence on holiday the [] 60 hours  saving has been made .

Action required at the Baberton Junction sign sited alongside the west carriage way of the ring route immediately south of the slip road leading to Baberton Mains .
action [] at the baberton junction sign sited alongside the west carriage way of the ring route immediately south of the slip road leading to baberton mains .

You should note that , as a condition of accepting this appointment , you will be required to undertake appropriate management and other related training as soon as this can be arranged .
you should note that , as a condition of accepting this appointment , you will be [] to undertake appropriate management and other related training as soon as this can be arranged .

Subject to statutory minimum periods of notice which the Council has to give you , you are entitled to receive from and required to give to the Council notice of termination of employment of eight weeks .
subject to statutory minimum periods of notice which the council has to give you , you are entitled to receive from and [] to give to the council notice of termination of employment of eight weeks .

Under statute you are required to make provision for your pension .
under statute you are [] to make provision for your pension .

You will be required to embark upon a course of study , in order to obtain the qualification the Diploma in Trading Standards , within a maximum of 5 years , on the successful completion of which you are required to remain with the Lothian Regional Council for a period of not less than 2 years .
you will be [] to embark upon a course of study , in order to obtain the qualification the diploma in trading standards , within a maximum of 5 years , on the successful completion of which you are [] to remain with the lothian regional council for a period of not less than 2 years .

The next required course of study is the Diploma in Trading Standards which is compulsory to work as a qualified Trading Standards Officer .
the next [] course of study is the diploma in trading standards which is compulsory to work as a qualified trading standards officer .

However , to attain the required completions , the capacity of the overall available land supply should be in excess of a minimum five years supply at all times , or at least future supplies should be assured to reduce uncertainties .
however , to attain the [] completions , the capacity of the overall available land supply should be in excess of a minimum five years supply at all times , or at least future supplies should be assured to reduce uncertainties .

For this reason , the 1985 Structure Plan allocates land in excess of the number of completions required from new land .
for this reason , the 1985 structure plan allocates land in excess of the number of completions [] from new land .

An allowance of 60 % above the required completions has been provided .
an allowance of 60 % above the [] completions has been provided .

As you know , taxi companies participating in the Taxicard scheme are required , by the terms of the agreement with Lothian Regional Council , to ensure that their drivers attend any short training course which we specify as required .
as you know , taxi companies participating in the taxicard scheme are [] , by the terms of the agreement with lothian regional council , to ensure that their drivers attend any short training course which we specify as [] .

The proposals required the removal of 579,000 cubic metres of soft silty material , of which 349,000 cubic metres would be dumped at sea .
the proposals [] the removal of 579,000 cubic metres of soft silty material , of which 349,000 cubic metres would be dumped at sea .

The total amount of infill required would be 1,340,000 cubic metres .
the total amount of infill [] would be 1,340,000 cubic metres .

Now that we are all required to provide information to members of the public regarding aspects of our services :
now that we are all [] to provide information to members of the public regarding aspects of our services :

It is also recognised that having a single contact person within the Exchequer Division to deal with travel agents is good practice and therefore it is suggested that Carole Ann Johnston , Admin Assistant arrange all travel and overnight accommodation when required .
it is also recognised that having a single contact person within the exchequer division to deal with travel agents is good practice and therefore it is suggested that carole ann johnston , admin assistant arrange all travel and overnight accommodation when [] .

Any training/retraining which is required as a consequence of the redeployment or transfer of employees will be provided .
any training/retraining which is [] as a consequence of the redeployment or transfer of employees will be provided .

Training will be provided , where required , to employees undertaking Council Tax duties within Chesser House .
training will be provided , where [] , to employees undertaking council tax duties within chesser house .

Before the final structure and numbers of staff required to deal with Council Tax can be finalised there are various issues which need to be addressed .
before the final structure and numbers of staff [] to deal with council tax can be finalised there are various issues which need to be addressed .

The need to deal effectively in the first instance in communications with Council Tax payers , both face to face and in writing , and hence the seniority of staff required for this purpose .
the need to deal effectively in the first instance in communications with council tax payers , both face to face and in writing , and hence the seniority of staff [] for this purpose .

The use of a facility such as  Office Power  would thus reduce the pressure on staff dealing with more complicated cases where a much more detailed and individual response is required .
the use of a facility such as  office power  would thus reduce the pressure on staff dealing with more complicated cases where a much more detailed and individual response is [] .

This will then leave all the other issues of the Exchequer Division to be dealt with , preferably in a third group , under the direct supervision of the Assistant Director , who would also be responsible for all Council Tax matters on behalf of the Depute Director as required .
this will then leave all the other issues of the exchequer division to be dealt with , preferably in a third group , under the direct supervision of the assistant director , who would also be responsible for all council tax matters on behalf of the depute director as [] .

The Cash Collection/Enquiry Service follows the same philosophy of experienced and capable staff dealing with enquiries at the counter and so there has been an increase in the Administrative Assistants required for this service with a compensating reduction in clerical staff .
the cash collection/enquiry service follows the same philosophy of experienced and capable staff dealing with enquiries at the counter and so there has been an increase in the administrative assistants [] for this service with a compensating reduction in clerical staff .

This will also avoid the need for an overtime element during absences which has been required in the past .
this will also avoid the need for an overtime element during absences which has been [] in the past .

All staff will require to wear their identity card within a holder , which would facilitate the use of the card for flexitime purposes , although cards for these purposes could remain separate if required .
all staff will require to wear their identity card within a holder , which would facilitate the use of the card for flexitime purposes , although cards for these purposes could remain separate if [] .

He had thought at first that the man was lost and required instructions , but realised after the words had blown away that it was a quiet inquiry for cash .
he had thought at first that the man was lost and [] instructions , but realised after the words had blown away that it was a quiet inquiry for cash .

Gina stopped watching Magnus , feeling surprise was required .
gina stopped watching magnus , feeling surprise was [] .

She found herself talking too , drawn by some required exchange of confidences and a dislike of being on her own , discussing the gardens , the weather , other people 's dogs , safe everyday subjects , in the way she made conversation at parties to people she had n't met before .
she found herself talking too , drawn by some [] exchange of confidences and a dislike of being on her own , discussing the gardens , the weather , other people 's dogs , safe everyday subjects , in the way she made conversation at parties to people she had n't met before .

He did what he thought was required of him .
he did what he thought was [] of him .

If the deceased has died in hospital , the bodybag should have been provided but the other items will be required for handling by funeral operatives .
if the deceased has died in hospital , the bodybag should have been provided but the other items will be [] for handling by funeral operatives .

This will assist the National Education Committee in introducing this as the required Institute precept and practice .
this will assist the national education committee in introducing this as the [] institute precept and practice .

This is a very difficult area , it would seem our type of qualification may not be what is required for our members to receive grades .
this is a very difficult area , it would seem our type of qualification may not be what is [] for our members to receive grades .

 Some employers already do what is required by these new Regulations , others do not .
 some employers already do what is [] by these new regulations , others do not .

It will now be more difficult for anyone to claim that they misunderstood the law , as the Management Regulations  in giving more detail  make much clearer what is required .
it will now be more difficult for anyone to claim that they misunderstood the law , as the management regulations  in giving more detail  make much clearer what is [] .

 Although the Regulations apply to all employers , the actions required will vary enormously since essentially the level of response is determined by the risk presented by the employer 's work .
 although the regulations apply to all employers , the actions [] will vary enormously since essentially the level of response is determined by the risk presented by the employer 's work .

Schellenberg said ,  Then you are aware that these premises arc required in the near future .
schellenberg said ,  then you are aware that these premises arc [] in the near future .

Those who do not make satisfactory progress may be required to discontinue their studies after this initial period .
those who do not make satisfactory progress may be [] to discontinue their studies after this initial period .

required by a student in the course of research .
[] by a student in the course of research .

Accepted students will be informed in admission letters of the amount required , which is payable on enrolment .
accepted students will be informed in admission letters of the amount [] , which is payable on enrolment .

Registered postgraduate students may be required to provide a contribution to fieldwork costs , in addition to the fees and research costs set out above .
registered postgraduate students may be [] to provide a contribution to fieldwork costs , in addition to the fees and research costs set out above .

Accepted students will be informed in admission letters of the maximum amount required , which may be payable on enrolment .
accepted students will be informed in admission letters of the maximum amount [] , which may be payable on enrolment .

2 . In order to establish this relevant connection two elements are required , as follows :
2 . in order to establish this relevant connection two elements are [] , as follows :

In addition to the fees set out above , you may be required to pay annual contributions towards the cost of your work .
in addition to the fees set out above , you may be [] to pay annual contributions towards the cost of your work .

You should consider carefully the costs which relate to the course which you have chosen , and make allowance for any further funds required .
you should consider carefully the costs which relate to the course which you have chosen , and make allowance for any further funds [] .

For these , 12 months full-time study ( from October ) is normally required , or alternatively 24 or 36 months part-time study .
for these , 12 months full-time study ( from october ) is normally [] , or alternatively 24 or 36 months part-time study .

Emphasis is laid on improving and acquiring language skills , and all postgraduates are required to attend a senior course in Hebrew texts in their first year and during their course to learn at least one of the following languages : Postbiblical Hebrew , Akkadian , Ugaritic , Phoenician , Aramaic , Syriac .
emphasis is laid on improving and acquiring language skills , and all postgraduates are [] to attend a senior course in hebrew texts in their first year and during their course to learn at least one of the following languages : postbiblical hebrew , akkadian , ugaritic , phoenician , aramaic , syriac .

There are also opportunities to study on a non-graduating basis should the type of training and study required demand this .
there are also opportunities to study on a non-graduating basis should the type of training and study [] demand this .

The  supervised postgraduate  year is then counted towards the registration period required for the PhD and MPhil .
the  supervised postgraduate  year is then counted towards the registration period [] for the phd and mphil .

All research students are required to take the courses in research methods and skills which are specified by their departments .
all research students are [] to take the courses in research methods and skills which are specified by their departments .

Sufficient knowledge of Ancient Greek is required to enable students to comprehend philosophical texts in the original .
sufficient knowledge of ancient greek is [] to enable students to comprehend philosophical texts in the original .

This course is intended for graduates in any of the Biological Sciences , Veterinary Medicine or Agriculture and is designed to provide the required knowledge to direct animal breeding programmes or to undertake research on problems related to animal breeding .
this course is intended for graduates in any of the biological sciences , veterinary medicine or agriculture and is designed to provide the [] knowledge to direct animal breeding programmes or to undertake research on problems related to animal breeding .

Candidates are required to to complete a course in research methodology in their second year .
candidates are [] to to complete a course in research methodology in their second year .

All candidates required to attend courses on Bibliography and Research Methods .
all candidates [] to attend courses on bibliography and research methods .

At least an upper Second Class degree ( or equivalent ) in Classics or a related discipline is required .
at least an upper second class degree ( or equivalent ) in classics or a related discipline is [] .

An adequate knowledge of at least one major European language in addition to English is required .
an adequate knowledge of at least one major european language in addition to english is [] .

Students who do not satisfy the standard required for the award of the MSc may be awarded a compensatory Diploma .
students who do not satisfy the standard [] for the award of the msc may be awarded a compensatory diploma .

All MSc candidates required , unless specifically exempted , to complete a course on bibliography and textual criticism .
all msc candidates [] , unless specifically exempted , to complete a course on bibliography and textual criticism .

Attendance at other courses may be required or permitted in particular cases .
attendance at other courses may be [] or permitted in particular cases .

Candidates are required to present a dissertation of between 8,000 and 12,000 words on an approved topic .
candidates are [] to present a dissertation of between 8,000 and 12,000 words on an approved topic .

Candidates are required to attend a 2-term course on Theory and Methods of Literary Study or Theory and Criticism and two l-term courses on a topic of their choice .
candidates are [] to attend a 2-term course on theory and methods of literary study or theory and criticism and two l-term courses on a topic of their choice .

In addition to this , candidates are required to submit a dissertation on a topic The course has been developed with a view to preparing students for proceeding to research work in their field , or seeking employment in cultural institutions or the media .
in addition to this , candidates are [] to submit a dissertation on a topic the course has been developed with a view to preparing students for proceeding to research work in their field , or seeking employment in cultural institutions or the media .

Assessment is by written essays and dissertation plus ( where required ) an oral examination .
assessment is by written essays and dissertation plus ( where [] ) an oral examination .

Candidates are required to select either one major and one minor course , or three minor courses .
candidates are [] to select either one major and one minor course , or three minor courses .

Candidates who achieve the required standard in coursework and written examinations proceed to the submission for the MMus .
candidates who achieve the [] standard in coursework and written examinations proceed to the submission for the mmus .

In addition to the two common core courses of the MSc/Diploma in Social Sciences , students of this stream take two required courses ( Principles and Politics of Policy , and Economics and Resourcing of Policy ) and two options from among the following : Ageing and Social Policy ; European Social Policy ; Law and Public Policy ; Management and Budgeting in the Public Sector ; The Social Division of Welfare , Social Policy in Scotland and Social Research and Social Policy .
in addition to the two common core courses of the msc/diploma in social sciences , students of this stream take two [] courses ( principles and politics of policy , and economics and resourcing of policy ) and two options from among the following : ageing and social policy ; european social policy ; law and public policy ; management and budgeting in the public sector ; the social division of welfare , social policy in scotland and social research and social policy .

In other words , it is concerned with the examination of the principles and framework , if any , required to make politics possible .
in other words , it is concerned with the examination of the principles and framework , if any , [] to make politics possible .

Although no specific background is required , a qualification in or some knowledge of social , political or legal philosophy would be an advantage .
although no specific background is [] , a qualification in or some knowledge of social , political or legal philosophy would be an advantage .

This course provides the required knowledge and skills to plan and conduct improvement programmes for tree species .
this course provides the [] knowledge and skills to plan and conduct improvement programmes for tree species .

Immediate assistance required .
immediate assistance [] .

Dear Mr Woodbonn ( it began ) There has been a last-minute change of plan and your services are no longer required .
dear mr woodbonn ( it began ) there has been a last-minute change of plan and your services are no longer [] .

Only a few years earlier , the new universities had all been started through academic planning boards which established in general terms their objectives  Each polytechnic should have been required to work out its educational objectives and the means by which it proposed to achieve them  The Department , however , believed that there was no sense in planning , indeed no way of planning , until the new directors and governing bodies were installed  There was no reason why the existing staff of the institutions concerned could not have produced academic development plans  As William Gutteridge had pointed out in 1969 , the ability of the new polytechnics to match up to the universities was drastically hampered by their lack of resources of all kinds :
only a few years earlier , the new universities had all been started through academic planning boards which established in general terms their objectives  each polytechnic should have been [] to work out its educational objectives and the means by which it proposed to achieve them  the department , however , believed that there was no sense in planning , indeed no way of planning , until the new directors and governing bodies were installed  there was no reason why the existing staff of the institutions concerned could not have produced academic development plans  as william gutteridge had pointed out in 1969 , the ability of the new polytechnics to match up to the universities was drastically hampered by their lack of resources of all kinds :

The emphasis in Developments on boards being required to work within committee policies , and the changes of procedure envisaged in the first four items of the new model , did not mean automatic changes in the  inspectoral  functions of the boards .
the emphasis in developments on boards being [] to work within committee policies , and the changes of procedure envisaged in the first four items of the new model , did not mean automatic changes in the  inspectoral  functions of the boards .

It possesses a wealth of adaptive possibilities which only required the evolution of an adaptive , intelligent brain to be realized .
it possesses a wealth of adaptive possibilities which only [] the evolution of an adaptive , intelligent brain to be realized .

The native Peruvian , expecting the state to do everything , no longer had to concern himself with his fellow man and had to come to his aid only if required by law  They had to help their neighbors if ordered to do so by their chiefs , but they were obliged to do nothing on their own initiative .
the native peruvian , expecting the state to do everything , no longer had to concern himself with his fellow man and had to come to his aid only if [] by law  they had to help their neighbors if ordered to do so by their chiefs , but they were obliged to do nothing on their own initiative .

In general terms , each faculty offers an Ordinary or General degree , for which three years of study are required , and a number of degrees with honours for which four years of study are required .
in general terms , each faculty offers an ordinary or general degree , for which three years of study are [] , and a number of degrees with honours for which four years of study are [] .

Other Expenses BMus students should be prepared for a cost of approximately 200 per annum per instrument for private tuition in the instrumental performance or singing studies which they are required to continue during their degree course .
other expenses bmus students should be prepared for a cost of approximately 200 per annum per instrument for private tuition in the instrumental performance or singing studies which they are [] to continue during their degree course .

Evidence of recent academic achievement is normally required .
evidence of recent academic achievement is normally [] .

In practice , more than this minimum is likely to be required for entry to the majority of the courses offered by the University , in order to ensure that those admitted to degree courses possess a sufficiently broad educational background and that they may reasonably be expected to benefit from a university education .
in practice , more than this minimum is likely to be [] for entry to the majority of the courses offered by the university , in order to ensure that those admitted to degree courses possess a sufficiently broad educational background and that they may reasonably be expected to benefit from a university education .

In addition , for entry to certain courses , passes in specific subjects are required .
in addition , for entry to certain courses , passes in specific subjects are [] .

The  normal minimum admission standards  listed in these tables are for many areas of study a realistic indication of the grades likely to be required and applicants who hold these grades stand an excellent chance of being made an offer , eg for most degrees in the Faculty of Arts , the Faculty of Science and Engineering , and the less pressured areas in the Social Sciences such as Nursing Studies or Social Policy .
the  normal minimum admission standards  listed in these tables are for many areas of study a realistic indication of the grades likely to be [] and applicants who hold these grades stand an excellent chance of being made an offer , eg for most degrees in the faculty of arts , the faculty of science and engineering , and the less pressured areas in the social sciences such as nursing studies or social policy .

Each applicant is required to comply first with the General Entrance Requirement and then with the Degree Course Requirements .
each applicant is [] to comply first with the general entrance requirement and then with the degree course requirements .

In order to establish a  relevant connection  , two elements are required , as follows :
in order to establish a  relevant connection  , two elements are [] , as follows :

3 ) All students should note that certain courses involve expenditure ( for example , on instruments , preparation of theses , vacation work and/or field study ) which is additional to that estimated here . You should consider carefully the costs of this kind which relate to the course which you have chosen , and make allowance for further funds if required
3 ) all students should note that certain courses involve expenditure ( for example , on instruments , preparation of theses , vacation work and/or field study ) which is additional to that estimated here . you should consider carefully the costs of this kind which relate to the course which you have chosen , and make allowance for further funds if []

The introduction of new joint honours courses designed to prepare students for careers in various fields in which a high degree of linguistic competence is required further illustrates the modern approach that has been adopted in the structure of curricula .
the introduction of new joint honours courses designed to prepare students for careers in various fields in which a high degree of linguistic competence is [] further illustrates the modern approach that has been adopted in the structure of curricula .

Students of French , German , Hispanic Studies ( Spanish or Portuguese ) , Italian and Scandinavian Studies are required to spend eight months of their third year in residence abroad ( South America may be an alternative to Spain for students of Spanish ) .
students of french , german , hispanic studies ( spanish or portuguese ) , italian and scandinavian studies are [] to spend eight months of their third year in residence abroad ( south america may be an alternative to spain for students of spanish ) .

Students of Russian and Celtic are not required to spend a year abroad .
students of russian and celtic are not [] to spend a year abroad .

Celtic students , if not native speakers of Gaelic , are similarly required to attend summer schools or reside in a Gaelic-speaking community in circumstances approved by the department .
celtic students , if not native speakers of gaelic , are similarly [] to attend summer schools or reside in a gaelic-speaking community in circumstances approved by the department .

No previous knowledge of Persian is required for admission to Persian 1 ; by the end of the year students should be able to read newspapers and simple Persian texts , and to communicate in Persian with native speakers .
no previous knowledge of persian is [] for admission to persian 1 ; by the end of the year students should be able to read newspapers and simple persian texts , and to communicate in persian with native speakers .

Students reaching the required standard may be permitted to proceed to honours in the final year in any one of the subjects offered by the faculty , or joint honours in two of the subjects .
students reaching the [] standard may be permitted to proceed to honours in the final year in any one of the subjects offered by the faculty , or joint honours in two of the subjects .

Members of staff are aware of the special nature of the skills required for law and make every effort in lectures and tutorials to ensure that the transition from school to university work is a smooth one .
members of staff are aware of the special nature of the skills [] for law and make every effort in lectures and tutorials to ensure that the transition from school to university work is a smooth one .

For those wishing to leave open the option of entering the profession and taking honours , the second year programme comprises the remaining degree required and  professional subjects  . The typical programme is therefore :
for those wishing to leave open the option of entering the profession and taking honours , the second year programme comprises the remaining degree [] and  professional subjects  . the typical programme is therefore :

Teaching is usually in the form of seminars and students will often be required to write fairly substantial essays for assessment purposes .
teaching is usually in the form of seminars and students will often be [] to write fairly substantial essays for assessment purposes .

In view of the competition for places , all applicants are required to have covered the same basic entrance requirements .
in view of the competition for places , all applicants are [] to have covered the same basic entrance requirements .

All candidates are required to attend for interview and practical tests at some mutually convenient time .
all candidates are [] to attend for interview and practical tests at some mutually convenient time .

As well as pursuing these formal curriculum studies , students are required to develop the practical musical skills with which they enter the course , and to receive regular lessons in at least their principal instrument .
as well as pursuing these formal curriculum studies , students are [] to develop the practical musical skills with which they enter the course , and to receive regular lessons in at least their principal instrument .

The main honours degrees are listed below , grouped roughly according to the amount of mathematics required throughout the course .
the main honours degrees are listed below , grouped roughly according to the amount of mathematics [] throughout the course .

All students are required to take a course in Management and some also have lectures on Law .
all students are [] to take a course in management and some also have lectures on law .

In all of these degree programmes , students are required to undertake fieldwork during vacations in order to acquire practical experience of research in the field .
in all of these degree programmes , students are [] to undertake fieldwork during vacations in order to acquire practical experience of research in the field .

In Fifth Year , students undertake a major design project , and are required to demonstrate competence over the full range of architectural design .
in fifth year , students undertake a major design project , and are [] to demonstrate competence over the full range of architectural design .

Students are required to take courses in Social Theory and in Methods of Social Research but thereafter they are free to choose from a wide range of options .
students are [] to take courses in social theory and in methods of social research but thereafter they are free to choose from a wide range of options .

Specifically sociological skills are required in diverse research posts associated with education , medicine , urban planning and the social services .
specifically sociological skills are [] in diverse research posts associated with education , medicine , urban planning and the social services .

Veterinary graduates are required for teaching and research in universities and for posts in research institutes , government services and industry .
veterinary graduates are [] for teaching and research in universities and for posts in research institutes , government services and industry .

Waking Glastonbury had on this occasion required him to bellow his nanny impersonation four times , causing old Mauleverer to come staggering out of his nearby bedroom asking if the club was on fire .
waking glastonbury had on this occasion [] him to bellow his nanny impersonation four times , causing old mauleverer to come staggering out of his nearby bedroom asking if the club was on fire .

But since Miletti was immobilized it had been agreed that he would be fetched by a group consisting of Pietro Miletti escorted by Zen and Palottino in the Alfetta , with an ambulance in attendance in case Ruggiero required immediate attention .
but since miletti was immobilized it had been agreed that he would be fetched by a group consisting of pietro miletti escorted by zen and palottino in the alfetta , with an ambulance in attendance in case ruggiero [] immediate attention .

All that was generally required of Gabriel was to point a finger , or spread his arms ; to stand up majestically , or fling himself forward into a flying harness high above the stage .
all that was generally [] of gabriel was to point a finger , or spread his arms ; to stand up majestically , or fling himself forward into a flying harness high above the stage .

Before a cremation , English law required a doctor 's certificate and the requisite form from the Registrar of Births and Deaths .
before a cremation , english law [] a doctor 's certificate and the requisite form from the registrar of births and deaths .

They required the most sophisticated communications technology so that they could transmit their stories and pictures back to their own countries .
they [] the most sophisticated communications technology so that they could transmit their stories and pictures back to their own countries .

Sir Bryan 's Scottish housekeeper regarded breakfast as a formal meal and required everybody to be ready to take their places when she rang the bell at eight .
sir bryan 's scottish housekeeper regarded breakfast as a formal meal and [] everybody to be ready to take their places when she rang the bell at eight .

Her schedule required her to tour the Tented Village and be in the Royal Box by 3.30 p.m. to watch the last two hours of play .
her schedule [] her to tour the tented village and be in the royal box by 3.30 p.m. to watch the last two hours of play .

One of the contradictions of the liberal state is that capitalism has required rational administration and greater state intervention .
one of the contradictions of the liberal state is that capitalism has [] rational administration and greater state intervention .

It also required the state to have a technically superior form of organization .
it also [] the state to have a technically superior form of organization .

Different agencies and personnel will be required to administer the state 's contribution to capitalist production by controlling the business cycle , providing subsidized energy and communications for industry and commerce , and investing in industrial development from those involved in the renewal of society 's productive forces , especially the reproduction of labour through programmes of social welfare .
different agencies and personnel will be [] to administer the state 's contribution to capitalist production by controlling the business cycle , providing subsidized energy and communications for industry and commerce , and investing in industrial development from those involved in the renewal of society 's productive forces , especially the reproduction of labour through programmes of social welfare .

Two kinds of social capital expenditure are required .
two kinds of social capital expenditure are [] .

The second function is legitimization which involves expenditure by the state on social expenses , or projects and services required to maintain social harmony ( e.g .
the second function is legitimization which involves expenditure by the state on social expenses , or projects and services [] to maintain social harmony ( e.g .

Absolutism was required by the ruling class in order to maintain its domination during the spread of commodity production and exchange and the consequent transition in the social formation .
absolutism was [] by the ruling class in order to maintain its domination during the spread of commodity production and exchange and the consequent transition in the social formation .

Monopolization required imperialism and both were incompatible with the political democracy represented by Weimar .
monopolization [] imperialism and both were incompatible with the political democracy represented by weimar .

Participation in physical labour may be required to combat  bureaucratism  .
participation in physical labour may be [] to combat  bureaucratism  .

During more liberal periods the requirement of political loyalty has been relaxed to strengthen the expertise required for rapid technological progress ( Schurman 1970 ; Hearn 1978 ) .
during more liberal periods the requirement of political loyalty has been relaxed to strengthen the expertise [] for rapid technological progress ( schurman 1970 ; hearn 1978 ) .

Although the functionaries of Soviet society merely earn salaries in return for the functions required by the state , this does not give a complete picture of their privileges ; others derive from their control over the system of distribution .
although the functionaries of soviet society merely earn salaries in return for the functions [] by the state , this does not give a complete picture of their privileges ; others derive from their control over the system of distribution .

One problem here is that the bureaucracy is required to account for far too much .
one problem here is that the bureaucracy is [] to account for far too much .

Laws to protect foreign investment are required .
laws to protect foreign investment are [] .

 Technology  in this sense has two dimensions , one measuring the familiarity of situations which decision-makers have to deal with , the other measuring the innovative judgement required in the search for a method of analysing and solving problems ( Perrow 1970 ) .
 technology  in this sense has two dimensions , one measuring the familiarity of situations which decision-makers have to deal with , the other measuring the innovative judgement [] in the search for a method of analysing and solving problems ( perrow 1970 ) .

The bureaucrat will attempt to acquire a budget in excess of what is required for the level of output indicated by the equation of marginal cost and political demand .
the bureaucrat will attempt to acquire a budget in excess of what is [] for the level of output indicated by the equation of marginal cost and political demand .

 There is no chief executive in the marketplace ( that is its genius ) while one is constitutionally required in the polity  ( Wade 1979 , p. 367 ) .
 there is no chief executive in the marketplace ( that is its genius ) while one is constitutionally [] in the polity  ( wade 1979 , p. 367 ) .

This leads to a final consideration , namely whether politicians behave in the way Niskanen and others assume they do , either in their sensitivity to the costs and benefits of public expenditure or in their inability to obtain adequate information for the monitoring job they are required to do .
this leads to a final consideration , namely whether politicians behave in the way niskanen and others assume they do , either in their sensitivity to the costs and benefits of public expenditure or in their inability to obtain adequate information for the monitoring job they are [] to do .

Indeed , so visible are the taxes required to pay for services that some taxpayers may never use , that the total of public spending in a democracy is less than it would be if the real needs of society were to be met .
indeed , so visible are the taxes [] to pay for services that some taxpayers may never use , that the total of public spending in a democracy is less than it would be if the real needs of society were to be met .

The top two were extracts from the Animals ( Scientific Procedures ) Act , 1986 , the Government legislation which required that animal experiment projects , the researcher involved and the premises where it would happen , all required licences .
the top two were extracts from the animals ( scientific procedures ) act , 1986 , the government legislation which [] that animal experiment projects , the researcher involved and the premises where it would happen , all [] licences .

 Nothing in human experience has prepared men , women and children for the modern television techniques of fixing human attention and creating the uncritical mood required to sell goods , many of which are marginal at best to human needs  ( Bagdikian , 1989 , p.819 ) .
 nothing in human experience has prepared men , women and children for the modern television techniques of fixing human attention and creating the uncritical mood [] to sell goods , many of which are marginal at best to human needs  ( bagdikian , 1989 , p.819 ) .

Continued haemorrhage  ( a ) if the volume of intravenous fluids required to restore or maintain haemodynamic stability was greater than 1000 ml/hour or 3000 ml/12 hours , ( b ) fresh haematemesis and , ( c ) haematemesis or melaenas in association with a fall in packed cell volume greater than 5% in a 24 hour period , two days after admission .
continued haemorrhage  ( a ) if the volume of intravenous fluids [] to restore or maintain haemodynamic stability was greater than 1000 ml/hour or 3000 ml/12 hours , ( b ) fresh haematemesis and , ( c ) haematemesis or melaenas in association with a fall in packed cell volume greater than 5% in a 24 hour period , two days after admission .

Two patients required operation because of further recurrence after heater probe treatment and difficulties in reaching the lesion , respectively .
two patients [] operation because of further recurrence after heater probe treatment and difficulties in reaching the lesion , respectively .

This patient required six packed red cells before the bleeding stopped .
this patient [] six packed red cells before the bleeding stopped .

Differences in days spent in hospital , however , amount of blood transfused , and operations required , are difficult to analyse because heater probe was an option for rescue treatment in the control group .
differences in days spent in hospital , however , amount of blood transfused , and operations [] , are difficult to analyse because heater probe was an option for rescue treatment in the control group .

Another patient with pelvic sepsis developed a pouch cutaneous fistula and was converted to a Kock continent reservoir but developed multiple , recurrent small bowel Crohn 's fistulas and eventually required pouch excision .
another patient with pelvic sepsis developed a pouch cutaneous fistula and was converted to a kock continent reservoir but developed multiple , recurrent small bowel crohn 's fistulas and eventually [] pouch excision .

Of the three cases of Crohn 's disease with recurrent pouchitis , one remains on longterm low dose maintenance metronidazole and two have required temporary pouch defunctioning by loop ileostomy but have now been closed .
of the three cases of crohn 's disease with recurrent pouchitis , one remains on longterm low dose maintenance metronidazole and two have [] temporary pouch defunctioning by loop ileostomy but have now been closed .

This cofactor is required for lipase activity in the presence of bile salts above the critical micelle concentration and acts by anchoring lipase in a one to one molar ratio to the bile salt emulsified triglyceride substrate .
this cofactor is [] for lipase activity in the presence of bile salts above the critical micelle concentration and acts by anchoring lipase in a one to one molar ratio to the bile salt emulsified triglyceride substrate .

These encouraging results in pilot studies required confirmation in prospective and randomised trials .
these encouraging results in pilot studies [] confirmation in prospective and randomised trials .

Although the success rate in the two groups was similar , the number of treatments required to achieve adequate dilatation was significantly ( p < 0.05 ) higher in the corrosive ( median 8 , range 135 ) than the peptic stricture group ( median 1 , range 133 ) .
although the success rate in the two groups was similar , the number of treatments [] to achieve adequate dilatation was significantly ( p < 0.05 ) higher in the corrosive ( median 8 , range 135 ) than the peptic stricture group ( median 1 , range 133 ) .

For the remaining 20 % of patients in whom no cause for the anaemia has been found , careful follow up with monitoring of haemoglobin and red cell indices is required .
for the remaining 20 % of patients in whom no cause for the anaemia has been found , careful follow up with monitoring of haemoglobin and red cell indices is [] .

Patients were allowed to use topical steroids and emollients as required .
patients were allowed to use topical steroids and emollients as [] .

We estimated that 37 subjects would be required in each treatment limb .
we estimated that 37 subjects would be [] in each treatment limb .

Such measures are required urgently in Africa , where the prevalence and complications of sexually transmitted diseases ( STDs ) remain disturbingly high .
such measures are [] urgently in africa , where the prevalence and complications of sexually transmitted diseases ( stds ) remain disturbingly high .

The stone disimpacted in eight of these patients after seven to 10 days decompression and was removed successfully at the second stage , whereas five of six patients with persistent stone impaction required more than one session for stone clearance .
the stone disimpacted in eight of these patients after seven to 10 days decompression and was removed successfully at the second stage , whereas five of six patients with persistent stone impaction [] more than one session for stone clearance .

The longest hospital stay was in a patient with an empyema associated with liver abscesses which required drainage until the abscess cavities resolved .
the longest hospital stay was in a patient with an empyema associated with liver abscesses which [] drainage until the abscess cavities resolved .

Each image occupied 16 Kbytes of computer storage , thus for a three hour study , a total of 57.6 Mbytes was required .
each image occupied 16 kbytes of computer storage , thus for a three hour study , a total of 57.6 mbytes was [] .

These results would suggest that endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography may be a better method of sampling for biliary cytology than percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography although larger numbers of patients within a randomised study would be required for conformation .
these results would suggest that endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography may be a better method of sampling for biliary cytology than percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography although larger numbers of patients within a randomised study would be [] for conformation .

Methods are obviously required to improve the sensitivity of diagnostic biliary cytology .
methods are obviously [] to improve the sensitivity of diagnostic biliary cytology .

Successful treatment of duodenal varices has been reported with injection sclerotherapy , but surgical ligation or portosystemic decompression is usually required .
successful treatment of duodenal varices has been reported with injection sclerotherapy , but surgical ligation or portosystemic decompression is usually [] .

None of the patients in remission required treatment other than sulphasalazine or olsalazine .
none of the patients in remission [] treatment other than sulphasalazine or olsalazine .

Subtraction techniques which are required when measuring enteroglucagon in plasma were not needed .
subtraction techniques which are [] when measuring enteroglucagon in plasma were not needed .

One of them had an intestinal perforation and required surgery .
one of them had an intestinal perforation and [] surgery .

The adage of  a diagnosis is not required because it does not affect management  is now outdated when many treatment options are available .
the adage of  a diagnosis is not [] because it does not affect management  is now outdated when many treatment options are available .

Three patients ( two on elemental diet , one one prednisolone ) deteriorated and required urgent colonic surgery within four weeks of entry .
three patients ( two on elemental diet , one one prednisolone ) deteriorated and [] urgent colonic surgery within four weeks of entry .

Simultaneous pH measurements or monitoring of lower oesophageal sphincter pressure may then be required to identify the true nature of the phenomenon .
simultaneous ph measurements or monitoring of lower oesophageal sphincter pressure may then be [] to identify the true nature of the phenomenon .

The questions we considered required that an in vivo model be developed for measurement of transit across the ileocolonic junction and colon .
the questions we considered [] that an in vivo model be developed for measurement of transit across the ileocolonic junction and colon .

Many articles have appeared which describe potentially useful clinical applications of gastric emptying tests but to discover the clinical value of these tests a comprehensive audit of the service is required .
many articles have appeared which describe potentially useful clinical applications of gastric emptying tests but to discover the clinical value of these tests a comprehensive audit of the service is [] .

Extended follow up is required , to assess the longterm effects , particularly the stricture recurrence rate after final stent removal .
extended follow up is [] , to assess the longterm effects , particularly the stricture recurrence rate after final stent removal .

Thirteen patients ( seven men , six women ) age range 6591 ( median 81 ) received additional external beam radiotherapy in an attempt to reduce the range of laser treatments required .
thirteen patients ( seven men , six women ) age range 6591 ( median 81 ) received additional external beam radiotherapy in an attempt to reduce the range of laser treatments [] .

Bowel symptoms were well controlled for prolonged periods in 11 patients ( 85 % ) and further laser procedures were only required every 19 weeks median ( range 653 weeks ) .
bowel symptoms were well controlled for prolonged periods in 11 patients ( 85 % ) and further laser procedures were only [] every 19 weeks median ( range 653 weeks ) .

At least six patients with lesions less than 7 cm from the anal margin would have required permanent colostomy if palliative resection had been carried out .
at least six patients with lesions less than 7 cm from the anal margin would have [] permanent colostomy if palliative resection had been carried out .

Paired data for laser energy per month required and for frequency of endoscopic treatment before and after radiotherapy were analysed with the Wilcoxon signed rank test .
paired data for laser energy per month [] and for frequency of endoscopic treatment before and after radiotherapy were analysed with the wilcoxon signed rank test .

Two of them never required further endoscopy as their local bowel symptoms remained well controlled ( survival 2.5 and 14 months ) .
two of them never [] further endoscopy as their local bowel symptoms remained well controlled ( survival 2.5 and 14 months ) .

Laser procedures were required , however , every four weeks .
laser procedures were [] , however , every four weeks .

Overall the number of laser treatments required ranged from zero to 20 ( median five ) .
overall the number of laser treatments [] ranged from zero to 20 ( median five ) .

One , in a 91 year old woman with inoperable rectal cancer , was particularly tight and required follow up laser treatment every six weeks .
one , in a 91 year old woman with inoperable rectal cancer , was particularly tight and [] follow up laser treatment every six weeks .

Both trial protocols required endoscopy to be performed before the start of treatment , and one , six and , 12 months after the end of treatment .
both trial protocols [] endoscopy to be performed before the start of treatment , and one , six and , 12 months after the end of treatment .

The period of study depends upon entry qualifications , but for the MPhil a minimum of 12 months full-time study is required . PhD candidates with a Masters qualification have to complete a minimum of two years ' full-time study
the period of study depends upon entry qualifications , but for the mphil a minimum of 12 months full-time study is [] . phd candidates with a masters qualification have to complete a minimum of two years ' full-time study

This programme is aimed at the experienced manager who now needs to develop the knowledge , perspective and skills required in a general management position .
this programme is aimed at the experienced manager who now needs to develop the knowledge , perspective and skills [] in a general management position .

In addition the manager is probably required to contribute effectively to longer term strategy and to manage the changes involved in its implementation .
in addition the manager is probably [] to contribute effectively to longer term strategy and to manage the changes involved in its implementation .

To develop the skills required to lead and manage strategic change . The programme will allow members to
to develop the skills [] to lead and manage strategic change . the programme will allow members to

required from that of the classical temple ( pages 5663 ) , which had evolved to house not the worshippers , but a representation of the deity .
[] from that of the classical temple ( pages 5663 ) , which had evolved to house not the worshippers , but a representation of the deity .

The development of textile manufacturing in the fifteenth century was not only one of the most fundamental economic changes of the period , but it also took men away from farming , created a market for the sale of agricultural products and gave an incentive to the producer to grow crops and raise stock beyond the levels required for his own consumption .
the development of textile manufacturing in the fifteenth century was not only one of the most fundamental economic changes of the period , but it also took men away from farming , created a market for the sale of agricultural products and gave an incentive to the producer to grow crops and raise stock beyond the levels [] for his own consumption .

Furthermore , even if a surplus of wool was produced , there was perhaps more hope of selling it to the developing cloth industry than of disposing of grain which was not required , as a demand for clothing can be more flexible than one for food when men have additional purchasing power ( 59 ; 62 ) .
furthermore , even if a surplus of wool was produced , there was perhaps more hope of selling it to the developing cloth industry than of disposing of grain which was not [] , as a demand for clothing can be more flexible than one for food when men have additional purchasing power ( 59 ; 62 ) .

One area of uncertainty is the size of the infective dose of the organism required to produce disease in human beings .
one area of uncertainty is the size of the infective dose of the organism [] to produce disease in human beings .

Animal experiments suggest that a high dose is required , and the fact that there is no person-to-person spread supports this view .
animal experiments suggest that a high dose is [] , and the fact that there is no person-to-person spread supports this view .

Extrapolation from experimental data from one study on the infective dose in animals provided an estimate of 14 million organisms required to produce disease in human beings .
extrapolation from experimental data from one study on the infective dose in animals provided an estimate of 14 million organisms [] to produce disease in human beings .

Estimates of legionella concentrations around cooling towers ( 2258 bacteria per 100 litres of air ) signify that 9 years of inhalation would be required to produce human disease .
estimates of legionella concentrations around cooling towers ( 2258 bacteria per 100 litres of air ) signify that 9 years of inhalation would be [] to produce human disease .

We thought that a risk ratio of at least this size would be required for age to drive clinical decision-making .
we thought that a risk ratio of at least this size would be [] for age to drive clinical decision-making .

That some formality may continue to be required for certain controversial treatments should not be allowed to complicate the much more commonplace decisions that have to be made many times every day in acute hospitals .
that some formality may continue to be [] for certain controversial treatments should not be allowed to complicate the much more commonplace decisions that have to be made many times every day in acute hospitals .

You are required to discuss the point at which , in your opinion , the accounting process should begin , giving reasons for your point of view .
you are [] to discuss the point at which , in your opinion , the accounting process should begin , giving reasons for your point of view .

You are required to identify with reasons the balance sheet heading under which each item should be classified , and the amount at which it should be included .
you are [] to identify with reasons the balance sheet heading under which each item should be classified , and the amount at which it should be included .

In each of the following cases describe the two entries required on the worksheet .
in each of the following cases describe the two entries [] on the worksheet .

Answer guide : No entry is required as the earnings process is not substantially complete .
answer guide : no entry is [] as the earnings process is not substantially complete .

Required :
[] :

At this stage it was possible to do some preliminary calculations relating to the manufacture of each hang glider . These calculations showed that each hang glider required the following :
at this stage it was possible to do some preliminary calculations relating to the manufacture of each hang glider . these calculations showed that each hang glider [] the following :

Answer guide : The question required a discussion of the possible value of stock at the end of the month .
answer guide : the question [] a discussion of the possible value of stock at the end of the month .

At this stage it was possible to do some preliminary calculations relating to the manufacture of the chairs . These showed that each chair required the following :
at this stage it was possible to do some preliminary calculations relating to the manufacture of the chairs . these showed that each chair [] the following :

Answer guide : Annual accounts contain summarized information more detail may be required .
answer guide : annual accounts contain summarized information more detail may be [] .

Answer guide : Level of detail , need for overview , monitoring and control information , different reporting frequencies required , strategic level information .
answer guide : level of detail , need for overview , monitoring and control information , different reporting frequencies [] , strategic level information .

In recent years external users of accounting information have required from firms their internal management accounting information .
in recent years external users of accounting information have [] from firms their internal management accounting information .

Required profit 15% increase  11,040  1.15 = 12,696 .
[] profit 15% increase  11,040  1.15 = 12,696 .

Two supervisors would be required at a cost of 15,000 per year each .
two supervisors would be [] at a cost of 15,000 per year each .

Another example of resource constraints in the service sector is the shortage of trained motor mechanics required by garages .
another example of resource constraints in the service sector is the shortage of trained motor mechanics [] by garages .

If expenditure is contained within a budget it implies that it has been approved by top management and no further approval is required .
if expenditure is contained within a budget it implies that it has been approved by top management and no further approval is [] .

Companies , for example , are required , with a few exceptions , to publish accounts annually .
companies , for example , are [] , with a few exceptions , to publish accounts annually .

Required :
[] :

For example , those responsible for the labour budget will know the hours required for forthcoming period and can therefore plan to ensure this requirement is available .
for example , those responsible for the labour budget will know the hours [] for forthcoming period and can therefore plan to ensure this requirement is available .

Heightened vigilance around food is required to control the urge to eat ; starvation increases food pre-occupations , making food ( and control of eating ) even more important imperatives .
heightened vigilance around food is [] to control the urge to eat ; starvation increases food pre-occupations , making food ( and control of eating ) even more important imperatives .

This spring he faced a preliminary inquiry in Ontario , where the Crown was required to show that there was sufficient evidence to warrant a full trial on the charges , and , subsequently , the accused was ordered to stand trial on a number of charges , including criminal negligence causing bodily harm and aggravated sexual assault .
this spring he faced a preliminary inquiry in ontario , where the crown was [] to show that there was sufficient evidence to warrant a full trial on the charges , and , subsequently , the accused was ordered to stand trial on a number of charges , including criminal negligence causing bodily harm and aggravated sexual assault .

To protect the proximal bowel repeated colonoscopy may be required .
to protect the proximal bowel repeated colonoscopy may be [] .

As the witness concerned , Terry Gill , had to be omitted ( though he remained a suspect ) ; that left Alan Tate and Mark Garland , both of whom were of medium height , slight of build and certainly capable of the agility required .
as the witness concerned , terry gill , had to be omitted ( though he remained a suspect ) ; that left alan tate and mark garland , both of whom were of medium height , slight of build and certainly capable of the agility [] .

So for example , if the poverty line is 40 per cent of average income and 15 per cent of income is required to cover the provision of public sector goods and services , the implied tax rate on earned income for a social dividend at the poverty line is 55 per cent so that individuals would receive 45p of an additional 1 earned !
so for example , if the poverty line is 40 per cent of average income and 15 per cent of income is [] to cover the provision of public sector goods and services , the implied tax rate on earned income for a social dividend at the poverty line is 55 per cent so that individuals would receive 45p of an additional 1 earned !

However , to choose either route is to lose information on either means or status that is helpful to targeting support where it is most required .
however , to choose either route is to lose information on either means or status that is helpful to targeting support where it is most [] .

For price subsidy schemes to perfectly internalize the goods-specific externality , a great deal of information would be required , of a nature that would be difficult to measure ( Browning 1975 ) .
for price subsidy schemes to perfectly internalize the goods-specific externality , a great deal of information would be [] , of a nature that would be difficult to measure ( browning 1975 ) .

On the basis of analysis by Tresch ( 1981 ) , Hughes ( 1987 ) , Musgrave and Musgrave ( 1989 ) and Boadway ( 1979 ) , attention can be drawn to the assumptions required to make mobility efficient .
on the basis of analysis by tresch ( 1981 ) , hughes ( 1987 ) , musgrave and musgrave ( 1989 ) and boadway ( 1979 ) , attention can be drawn to the assumptions [] to make mobility efficient .

When there are diverse preferences for public goods , the number of local communities required to produce an equilibrium would be extremely large .
when there are diverse preferences for public goods , the number of local communities [] to produce an equilibrium would be extremely large .

If all profits from corporations were distributed to shareholders , then on the integrationist view all that is required is a mechanism by which individuals can pay their tax on this income source at their personal marginal rate .
if all profits from corporations were distributed to shareholders , then on the integrationist view all that is [] is a mechanism by which individuals can pay their tax on this income source at their personal marginal rate .

That is , there is an imputed income that might be proxied by the market wage required to buy in the domestic work of the wife or , more appropriately , the necessary compensating variation ( the minimum sum acceptable to compensate for the loss of the services of a non- ( market ) working wife ) .
that is , there is an imputed income that might be proxied by the market wage [] to buy in the domestic work of the wife or , more appropriately , the necessary compensating variation ( the minimum sum acceptable to compensate for the loss of the services of a non- ( market ) working wife ) .

John had received preliminary notice that his services would be required by the Navy , as he had extensive knowledge of commercial diving technology .
john had received preliminary notice that his services would be [] by the navy , as he had extensive knowledge of commercial diving technology .

They missed the ditch-lip by a foot , but Miller , required to reverse with delicacy and skill , got a fit of giggling .
they missed the ditch-lip by a foot , but miller , [] to reverse with delicacy and skill , got a fit of giggling .

The administrative arrangement and supervision required for such teamwork was exactly the sort of skill in which Lewis excelled , and the hours passed quickly with the progressive gleaning of intelligence , the gradual build up of hard fact to bolster tentative theory  and always that almost insolent gratification that shone in Morse 's eyes , for the latter appeared to have known ( or so it seemed to Lewis ) most of the details before the calls and corroboration had been made .
the administrative arrangement and supervision [] for such teamwork was exactly the sort of skill in which lewis excelled , and the hours passed quickly with the progressive gleaning of intelligence , the gradual build up of hard fact to bolster tentative theory  and always that almost insolent gratification that shone in morse 's eyes , for the latter appeared to have known ( or so it seemed to lewis ) most of the details before the calls and corroboration had been made .

The following information is required :
the following information is [] :

After entering the required information , a terminator must be pressed as described below .
after entering the [] information , a terminator must be pressed as described below .

Input required
input []

This entry must contain all the information required to understand the purpose of the module and how to use it .
this entry must contain all the information [] to understand the purpose of the module and how to use it .

In order to modify one or more modules which constitute a baseline , a package is required which :
in order to modify one or more modules which constitute a baseline , a package is [] which :

Several of these were also in packages managed by other people and it was realised that two new modules would be required .
several of these were also in packages managed by other people and it was realised that two new modules would be [] .

As modules are set into  hard-copy only  state , indicating that the offline magnetic copy is no longer required , the system calculates how many modules are still needed on a particular media item .
as modules are set into  hard-copy only  state , indicating that the offline magnetic copy is no longer [] , the system calculates how many modules are still needed on a particular media item .

During an offline run a particular unit may become unavailable , either because it is required for some other purpose , or due to physical breakdown .
during an offline run a particular unit may become unavailable , either because it is [] for some other purpose , or due to physical breakdown .

The maximum number of links required on each remote node can be calculated as follows : 
the maximum number of links [] on each remote node can be calculated as follows : 

it extracts the required information from this file
it extracts the [] information from this file

The rest of this section talks you through the operations required to complete the entry and approval of the configuration file .
the rest of this section talks you through the operations [] to complete the entry and approval of the configuration file .

The first thing you must do is to assign any system-wide logical names required by the process , eg. pseudo-devices used for the process or storage directories , and all the logicals for all the storage directories known to the process .
the first thing you must do is to assign any system-wide logical names [] by the process , eg. pseudo-devices used for the process or storage directories , and all the logicals for all the storage directories known to the process .

Unused global pages ( 140 in this example ) needs to be at least 178 . If yours is less , calculate your new required total global pages count as follows :
unused global pages ( 140 in this example ) needs to be at least 178 . if yours is less , calculate your new [] total global pages count as follows :

This needs to be incremented by the number of unused pages you are lacking , so in this example we need to add to our total global pages count , giving us a new required total of 4050 .
this needs to be incremented by the number of unused pages you are lacking , so in this example we need to add to our total global pages count , giving us a new [] total of 4050 .

Only the first few of these reported errors are required to trace the source of the error ; remaining errors tend to be redundant .
only the first few of these reported errors are [] to trace the source of the error ; remaining errors tend to be redundant .

The required user attributes of the software management system are that it is efficient in operation and supportive of the needs of software producers .
the [] user attributes of the software management system are that it is efficient in operation and supportive of the needs of software producers .

Maintain specified relationships between items of software and ensure that required software is not inadvertently deleted .
maintain specified relationships between items of software and ensure that [] software is not inadvertently deleted .

Making facilities available or unavailable , as required .
making facilities available or unavailable , as [] .

As much background information and external references as are required to support the request ; in particular , references to Software Performance Reports ( see Section 7 of this manual for more information ) and other DCs .
as much background information and external references as are [] to support the request ; in particular , references to software performance reports ( see section 7 of this manual for more information ) and other dcs .

This section describes the procedures required to mount and dismount media items for the Offline System .
this section describes the procedures [] to mount and dismount media items for the offline system .

The volumes are grouped into sets , which can contain as many volumes as required ; each set stores data which is associated with one charge code and selected by a classification filter .
the volumes are grouped into sets , which can contain as many volumes as [] ; each set stores data which is associated with one charge code and selected by a classification filter .

The hard copy formatter may be required to format modules associated with several charge codes at the same time .
the hard copy formatter may be [] to format modules associated with several charge codes at the same time .

In the fullness of time when products are superseded , module versions may no longer be required and consequently may no longer need to be retained in magnetic form .
in the fullness of time when products are superseded , module versions may no longer be [] and consequently may no longer need to be retained in magnetic form .

Where both interactive usage and Module Version Management facilities are required , then the use of a large tuning delay will ameliorate the effect on user response .
where both interactive usage and module version management facilities are [] , then the use of a large tuning delay will ameliorate the effect on user response .

By running these facilities , perhaps on a weekly basis , the online file store will retain relevant module versions while the offline file store will aggregate the module versions not currently required .
by running these facilities , perhaps on a weekly basis , the online file store will retain relevant module versions while the offline file store will aggregate the module versions not currently [] .

When the Module Version Management facilities are required , the configuration file should be set up as described below . The keywords use the following set of common parameters :
when the module version management facilities are [] , the configuration file should be set up as described below . the keywords use the following set of common parameters :

If ( in either case ) the proposed module is required by another module , the name is not deleted and a warning is reported .
if ( in either case ) the proposed module is [] by another module , the name is not deleted and a warning is reported .

The required option should be entered .
the [] option should be entered .

The user is asked to enter the start and end points of the required range .
the user is asked to enter the start and end points of the [] range .

Any module not present in the database is marked as  no issue  and the required version number is shown .
any module not present in the database is marked as  no issue  and the [] version number is shown .

specify how many lines there should be on each page ; the minimum is 2 if no headings or footings are required , and if headings and footings are required the minimum is 8 .
specify how many lines there should be on each page ; the minimum is 2 if no headings or footings are [] , and if headings and footings are [] the minimum is 8 .

Finally , the user will be asked whether  Full or Abbreviated Relationships  are required .
finally , the user will be asked whether  full or abbreviated relationships  are [] .

The user can opt to have the Listing file  Printed  or  Deleted  , or both , once it has been prepared ; note that if these options are chosen the output file will be queued for printing first and , if required , deleted afterwards .
the user can opt to have the listing file  printed  or  deleted  , or both , once it has been prepared ; note that if these options are chosen the output file will be queued for printing first and , if [] , deleted afterwards .

Section 1 gives an introduction to the Procedural Interface , Sections 2 to 22 describe the available interface procedures and Section 23 describes the required environment .
section 1 gives an introduction to the procedural interface , sections 2 to 22 describe the available interface procedures and section 23 describes the [] environment .

The package structure will have one package at its summit , the root package , containing sufficient sub-packages to reference all the required modules .
the package structure will have one package at its summit , the root package , containing sufficient sub-packages to reference all the [] modules .

The user can indicate whether an Abbreviated Listing or a Full Listing is required .
the user can indicate whether an abbreviated listing or a full listing is [] .

The aim of Index pages is to lead you easily and quickly to the option required , without needing to know , or remember , all the steps before starting .
the aim of index pages is to lead you easily and quickly to the option [] , without needing to know , or remember , all the steps before starting .

pressing PF1/<down arrow> while in the scrolled area and then entering the required number at the prompt Data item no .
pressing pf1/<down arrow> while in the scrolled area and then entering the [] number at the prompt data item no .

This page allows you to specify a root package name , issue number and password ( if required ) , to be used for the read out .
this page allows you to specify a root package name , issue number and password ( if [] ) , to be used for the read out .

Date required ( Mandatory Input Field )
date [] ( mandatory input field )

You are not , however , required to prepare the package to deny approval .
you are not , however , [] to prepare the package to deny approval .

The scrolled area allows you to enter the list of SPRs being answered and the required relation .
the scrolled area allows you to enter the list of sprs being answered and the [] relation .

On any Product page where both an identifier and title prompt appear , you can enter either the identifier or the title to indicate the item required .
on any product page where both an identifier and title prompt appear , you can enter either the identifier or the title to indicate the item [] .

If you wish to view a previous page of a mail message , you should enter the required page number in the page prompt .
if you wish to view a previous page of a mail message , you should enter the [] page number in the page prompt .

If you wish to view a previous page of a mail message , you should enter the required page number in the page prompt .
if you wish to view a previous page of a mail message , you should enter the [] page number in the page prompt .

While users have automatic access to modules managed by the hierarchy of users on their branch of the family tree , it is possible for certain users outwith this structure to have access to another user 's modules , if so required .
while users have automatic access to modules managed by the hierarchy of users on their branch of the family tree , it is possible for certain users outwith this structure to have access to another user 's modules , if so [] .

The following information is required :
the following information is [] :

the approximate number of 512 byte blocks required by these modules ( if known )
the approximate number of 512 byte blocks [] by these modules ( if known )

The following is a list of all scanner errors which may occur during a module header scanner run ( see Section 5 , Option 1.4.0 ) with advice on how to correct them , where required .
the following is a list of all scanner errors which may occur during a module header scanner run ( see section 5 , option 1.4.0 ) with advice on how to correct them , where [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

Directory not available for required operation
directory not available for [] operation

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

Inspect the mail message using index 6.0.0  Mail System and ensure that no offline media verification is required .
inspect the mail message using index 6.0.0  mail system and ensure that no offline media verification is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

You should either supply the password required ( if known ) or request access to the password from the manager of the package .
you should either supply the password [] ( if known ) or request access to the password from the manager of the package .

No endorsement required
no endorsement []

You should either supply the password required ( if known ) or request access to the password from the manager of the module .
you should either supply the password [] ( if known ) or request access to the password from the manager of the module .

You should either supply the password(s) required ( if known ) or request access to the password(s) from the manager(s) of the module(s) .
you should either supply the password(s) [] ( if known ) or request access to the password(s) from the manager(s) of the module(s) .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

If this relationship is required , it will be necessary to cancel an existing link , before a further link can be added .
if this relationship is [] , it will be necessary to cancel an existing link , before a further link can be added .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

No further action is required .
no further action is [] .

The aim of Index pages is to lead you easily and quickly to the option required , without needing to know , or remember , all the option numbers before starting .
the aim of index pages is to lead you easily and quickly to the option [] , without needing to know , or remember , all the option numbers before starting .

In order to modify one or more modules which constitute a baseline , a package is required which :
in order to modify one or more modules which constitute a baseline , a package is [] which :

the user is not the manager of the package , in which case the correct user name should be used or the mangership of the package transferred to the required user .
the user is not the manager of the package , in which case the correct user name should be used or the mangership of the package transferred to the [] user .

Stage 2 : Offline Restores  Restores are initiated from a user transaction whereby access to offlined modules is required eg .
stage 2 : offline restores  restores are initiated from a user transaction whereby access to offlined modules is [] eg .

It is important that the media types be specified first , as the type information is required during the specification of Units and Media Items .
it is important that the media types be specified first , as the type information is [] during the specification of units and media items .

Finally , an estimate of the performance of the drive and whether it is a serial or random access device is required .
finally , an estimate of the performance of the drive and whether it is a serial or random access device is [] .

Option 9.2.0 , Update Offline Parameters , is used to schedule the next offline run and details of the parameters required are described below .
option 9.2.0 , update offline parameters , is used to schedule the next offline run and details of the parameters [] are described below .

At the specified start time of the offline run , the operator terminal will be allocated by the offline system and the Offline Operator will be instructed to mount and dismount the required media items on the available units .
at the specified start time of the offline run , the operator terminal will be allocated by the offline system and the offline operator will be instructed to mount and dismount the [] media items on the available units .

The duration of the offline run set in option 9.2.0 may be updated to stop offline , if , for example , the unit is urgently required for use by another process .
the duration of the offline run set in option 9.2.0 may be updated to stop offline , if , for example , the unit is urgently [] for use by another process .

The following inputs will initially be required :
the following inputs will initially be [] :

Once the prepass phase has been completed , the following further inputs will be required .
once the prepass phase has been completed , the following further inputs will be [] .

If the structure is to be updated , then the following approver 's details will be required .
if the structure is to be updated , then the following approver 's details will be [] .

The following inputs will then be required :
the following inputs will then be [] :

The following inputs will then be required :
the following inputs will then be [] :

In many cases this will simply require consultation via the telephone , however , in others , you may be required to provide certain information by facsimilie eg .
in many cases this will simply require consultation via the telephone , however , in others , you may be [] to provide certain information by facsimilie eg .

Existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if required form point of purchase .
existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if [] form point of purchase .

His analysis of the occupations recorded in the Northampton militia list for 1777 , which names men aged between eighteen and forty-five who were liable for militia duty if required , reveals that craftsmen formed about half of Northampton 's adult male workforce .
his analysis of the occupations recorded in the northampton militia list for 1777 , which names men aged between eighteen and forty-five who were liable for militia duty if [] , reveals that craftsmen formed about half of northampton 's adult male workforce .

The exact place of birth is not recorded ; all that was required was a tick in the Yes or No column in answer to the question of whether or not a person was born in the county of his or her present residence .
the exact place of birth is not recorded ; all that was [] was a tick in the yes or no column in answer to the question of whether or not a person was born in the county of his or her present residence .

Better tools required better ' brains , and better brains led to better tools .
better tools [] better ' brains , and better brains led to better tools .

Endothermic reactions heat is required 
endothermic reactions heat is [] 

Units are required to show a significant advance , leading to increased efficiency , in the application of technology to a production or development process in British industry or the production for sale of goods which incorporate new and advanced technological qualities .
units are [] to show a significant advance , leading to increased efficiency , in the application of technology to a production or development process in british industry or the production for sale of goods which incorporate new and advanced technological qualities .

We are required to find the value of given In 1811 , Amedeo Avogadro put forward his famous law which states that equal volumes of all gases at the same temperature and pressure contain equal numbers of molecules .
we are [] to find the value of given in 1811 , amedeo avogadro put forward his famous law which states that equal volumes of all gases at the same temperature and pressure contain equal numbers of molecules .

Balancing is required by the law of conservation of matter .
balancing is [] by the law of conservation of matter .

For example , it can be used : to predict whether or not a chemical reaction is likely to occur when two different substances are mixed ; to enable the amount of energy theoretically required by or released during reactions to be calculated ; to predict the extent to which a reaction will proceed before reaching a condition of equilibrium .
for example , it can be used : to predict whether or not a chemical reaction is likely to occur when two different substances are mixed ; to enable the amount of energy theoretically [] by or released during reactions to be calculated ; to predict the extent to which a reaction will proceed before reaching a condition of equilibrium .

The specific heat capacity of a substance is the energy required to raise the temperature of one kilogram of the substance by one kelvin .
the specific heat capacity of a substance is the energy [] to raise the temperature of one kilogram of the substance by one kelvin .

The molar heat capacity of a substance is the energy required to raise the temperature of one mole of the substance by one kelvin . It is denoted Cm
the molar heat capacity of a substance is the energy [] to raise the temperature of one mole of the substance by one kelvin . it is denoted cm

The required data are found in tables 5.6 and 5.9 : In the above example the experimental value for the standard molar enthalpy of hydrogenation of ethene is  137 kJ mol-1 .
the [] data are found in tables 5.6 and 5.9 : in the above example the experimental value for the standard molar enthalpy of hydrogenation of ethene is  137 kj mol-1 .

Thus , the energy required to break down one mole of the lattice into isolated gaseousions is equal to the reverse of the energy change which accompanies the formation of one mole of the lattice from its gaseous ions .
thus , the energy [] to break down one mole of the lattice into isolated gaseousions is equal to the reverse of the energy change which accompanies the formation of one mole of the lattice from its gaseous ions .

These allow a store of chemical energy to be converted to electrical energy as required .
these allow a store of chemical energy to be converted to electrical energy as [] .

Yet , Kochan continues , if it was not a guide to what happened after 1917 , it retains its importance as a dynamic diagnosis of the weakness of Tsarism and the force required to overthrow it .
yet , kochan continues , if it was not a guide to what happened after 1917 , it retains its importance as a dynamic diagnosis of the weakness of tsarism and the force [] to overthrow it .

The time required for an eye movement is approximately 150 msecs , and so if the stimulus is presented for less than 150 msecs we can be certain that the image is projected only to one hemisphere directly .
the time [] for an eye movement is approximately 150 msecs , and so if the stimulus is presented for less than 150 msecs we can be certain that the image is projected only to one hemisphere directly .

University undergraduates listened to a list of words and were required to recall as many of these words as possible in any order they wished , either immediately or after a delay .
university undergraduates listened to a list of words and were [] to recall as many of these words as possible in any order they wished , either immediately or after a delay .

The time required for an eye movement is approximately 150 msecs , and so if the stimulus is presented for less than 150 msecs we can be certain that the image is projected only to one hemisphere directly .
the time [] for an eye movement is approximately 150 msecs , and so if the stimulus is presented for less than 150 msecs we can be certain that the image is projected only to one hemisphere directly .

By this proposal , the greater bilateralisation in females may facilitate the needs of females in motherhood including the necessary communication skills , whereas restricted separation of function is necessary to ensure a high level of visuo-spatial skills in males required , for example , in hunting .
by this proposal , the greater bilateralisation in females may facilitate the needs of females in motherhood including the necessary communication skills , whereas restricted separation of function is necessary to ensure a high level of visuo-spatial skills in males [] , for example , in hunting .

In the first case it was expected that there would be a linear increase in the subject 's reaction time with increase in the number of bits of information required .
in the first case it was expected that there would be a linear increase in the subject 's reaction time with increase in the number of bits of information [] .

In a situation where it is required to perform some task , the reaction time can be seen to include the following : ( a ) the time taken by the stimulus to activate the sense organ and for impulses to travel from it to the brain , ( b ) the central processes concerned with the identification of the signal and the response to it , and ( c ) the time required to energise the muscles and produce the correct response .
in a situation where it is [] to perform some task , the reaction time can be seen to include the following : ( a ) the time taken by the stimulus to activate the sense organ and for impulses to travel from it to the brain , ( b ) the central processes concerned with the identification of the signal and the response to it , and ( c ) the time [] to energise the muscles and produce the correct response .

The amount of time required to sort all the cards without actually considering the value of the card was calculated to be approximately 25 msecs .
the amount of time [] to sort all the cards without actually considering the value of the card was calculated to be approximately 25 msecs .

This is merely the reaction time required in picking up the card and placing it on a pile without making any choice based on the value of the card .
this is merely the reaction time [] in picking up the card and placing it on a pile without making any choice based on the value of the card .

It was thus found that the majority of the reaction time required was in identifying the values of the card and choosing the pile onto which it should be placed .
it was thus found that the majority of the reaction time [] was in identifying the values of the card and choosing the pile onto which it should be placed .

It was found that for each additional bit of information required this time increased about 377 msecs .
it was found that for each additional bit of information [] this time increased about 377 msecs .

Table 7 , however , shows that the time required to give a no response was significantly greater when the size of memory sets excelled 3 items .
table 7 , however , shows that the time [] to give a no response was significantly greater when the size of memory sets excelled 3 items .

Reaction time increases as a function of the amount of information required to be processed in the brain .
reaction time increases as a function of the amount of information [] to be processed in the brain .

In the first experiment , we saw that as the number of possibilities in which the cards may be sorted increases , the reaction time required increases proportionally .
in the first experiment , we saw that as the number of possibilities in which the cards may be sorted increases , the reaction time [] increases proportionally .

In addition it was found that as the number of choices which could be made , when choosing the cards , increased by a factor of 2 ( another bit of information was required ) , the time required for the brain to make this choice increased at a constant rate .
in addition it was found that as the number of choices which could be made , when choosing the cards , increased by a factor of 2 ( another bit of information was [] ) , the time [] for the brain to make this choice increased at a constant rate .

It was expected that as the level of processing deepened , the reaction time required to answer and the number of words recognised would increase .
it was expected that as the level of processing deepened , the reaction time [] to answer and the number of words recognised would increase .

Kohler thought that insight , or sudden understanding about what is required to produce a desired effect was shown by the chimpanzees in his experiments .
kohler thought that insight , or sudden understanding about what is [] to produce a desired effect was shown by the chimpanzees in his experiments .

Policies have brought inequalities , promoting individuals to become self-seeking , rather than an active citizenship which reached common values and bare necessities required by us all .
policies have brought inequalities , promoting individuals to become self-seeking , rather than an active citizenship which reached common values and bare necessities [] by us all .

Razno have buying experts for every conceivable item required by Russia , and it was to the carpet expert that Fraser was introduced .
razno have buying experts for every conceivable item [] by russia , and it was to the carpet expert that fraser was introduced .

Considerable renovation is required to bring it up to standard .
considerable renovation is [] to bring it up to standard .

The mobile types can be positioned as required .
the mobile types can be positioned as [] .

Specialised techniques are required to finish the material and to laminate backing substances that greatly increase the comfort factor .
specialised techniques are [] to finish the material and to laminate backing substances that greatly increase the comfort factor .

It required close liaison as Sekers tendered for the business , adding their own design flair to the interpretation of the brief , and their technical skills to the specification .
it [] close liaison as sekers tendered for the business , adding their own design flair to the interpretation of the brief , and their technical skills to the specification .

Linda also helps with Final Inspection when required .
linda also helps with final inspection when [] .

Thirty two individuals took part in making it a large competition where endurance was required as much as playing skill .
thirty two individuals took part in making it a large competition where endurance was [] as much as playing skill .

( * Delete if special powers required )
( * delete if special powers [] )

What are at stake in the Harrods affair are ethics and the standards of behaviour required of people in business and public life in Britain .
what are at stake in the harrods affair are ethics and the standards of behaviour [] of people in business and public life in britain .

The oil-shipping system is basically safe  so safe that men forget that they are still required to run it properly .
the oil-shipping system is basically safe  so safe that men forget that they are still [] to run it properly .

The trickier question is : can Britain 's businesses make the required switch into exports ?
the trickier question is : can britain 's businesses make the [] switch into exports ?

In some towns  New York will soon be one  households are required by law to separate out recyclable waste .
in some towns  new york will soon be one  households are [] by law to separate out recyclable waste .

Plenty of small operators remain to be gobbled up by big ones able to meet the capital and research costs now required .
plenty of small operators remain to be gobbled up by big ones able to meet the capital and research costs now [] .

Since the publication of the white paper on nationalised industries in 1978 , Britain 's public-sector companies have been required to make a pre-tax real return of 5 % on their new investments .
since the publication of the white paper on nationalised industries in 1978 , britain 's public-sector companies have been [] to make a pre-tax real return of 5 % on their new investments .

On April 5th Mr John Major , chief secretary to the Treasury , announced that nationalised industries will now be required to make a return of 8 % on new investments .
on april 5th mr john major , chief secretary to the treasury , announced that nationalised industries will now be [] to make a return of 8 % on new investments .

Deliveries of goods would be required to take place at night , despite protests from workers and those bothered by the noise .
deliveries of goods would be [] to take place at night , despite protests from workers and those bothered by the noise .

Books of patterns , representing the many items in each range of carpets are also compiles , along with the many different sample sizes required for display purposes .
books of patterns , representing the many items in each range of carpets are also compiles , along with the many different sample sizes [] for display purposes .

No disruption to production is , therefore , expected , and extra spinners will be required on the twilight and night shifts to cope with the increased production .
no disruption to production is , therefore , expected , and extra spinners will be [] on the twilight and night shifts to cope with the increased production .

The Fusion bonded process , of which Stoddards are the leaders in technology , was also on display as were the many ancillary processes required to make a finished carpet of quality .
the fusion bonded process , of which stoddards are the leaders in technology , was also on display as were the many ancillary processes [] to make a finished carpet of quality .

Enjoying birds is easy  look and listen and nothing more is required .
enjoying birds is easy  look and listen and nothing more is [] .

The depth required to protect from marauding cats or birds might be too much of an effort for an elderly owner .
the depth [] to protect from marauding cats or birds might be too much of an effort for an elderly owner .

The financial costs of various resources ( such as costs of physical resources and labour ) should be quantified and a statement of required expenditure over the period obtained .
the financial costs of various resources ( such as costs of physical resources and labour ) should be quantified and a statement of [] expenditure over the period obtained .

If carried out correctly , budget provides an effective way of quantifying the performance required of existing or new operations .
if carried out correctly , budget provides an effective way of quantifying the performance [] of existing or new operations .

required format .
[] format .

greater than 50 % interest ) in other companies are required to issue consolidated financial statements .
greater than 50 % interest ) in other companies are [] to issue consolidated financial statements .

Corporation tax on profits and advance coloration tax on dividends In computing the amount of a company 's annual profits subject to corporation tax , certain adjustments are required to be made to the profit before tax reported in published accounts .
corporation tax on profits and advance coloration tax on dividends in computing the amount of a company 's annual profits subject to corporation tax , certain adjustments are [] to be made to the profit before tax reported in published accounts .

To comply with the Companies Act 1985 , auditors are required ( by section 236 ) to state expressly whether , in their opinion , the balance sheet and the profit and loss account ( and , if it is a holding company submitting group accounts , the group accounts ) have been properly prepared in accordance with the statutory requirements , and whether the accounts show a `` true and fair view `` of the state of the company 's affairs and of its profit ( or loss ) .
to comply with the companies act 1985 , auditors are [] ( by section 236 ) to state expressly whether , in their opinion , the balance sheet and the profit and loss account ( and , if it is a holding company submitting group accounts , the group accounts ) have been properly prepared in accordance with the statutory requirements , and whether the accounts show a `` true and fair view `` of the state of the company 's affairs and of its profit ( or loss ) .

In preparing their report , the auditors are required ( by section 237 ) to carry out such investigations as will enable them to form an opinion as to whether proper accounting records have been kept by the company and whether the company 's balance sheet and ( if not consolidated ) its profit and loss account are in agreement with the accounting records and returns .
in preparing their report , the auditors are [] ( by section 237 ) to carry out such investigations as will enable them to form an opinion as to whether proper accounting records have been kept by the company and whether the company 's balance sheet and ( if not consolidated ) its profit and loss account are in agreement with the accounting records and returns .

The level of internal control required would depend on the nature , size and volume of transactions , the degree of control which management are able to exercise themselves and the organizational structure .
the level of internal control [] would depend on the nature , size and volume of transactions , the degree of control which management are able to exercise themselves and the organizational structure .

Although tests of details are not always necessary , they are needed for an external audit , when evidence of financial values is required and when weaknesses have been exposed during systems evaluation and compliance testing .
although tests of details are not always necessary , they are needed for an external audit , when evidence of financial values is [] and when weaknesses have been exposed during systems evaluation and compliance testing .

These may be insufficient and other sources of finance are required .
these may be insufficient and other sources of finance are [] .

One of the objectives of grant finance is to act as an incentive for investment from the private sector . Typically , a ratio of 1:4 public:private finance is required
one of the objectives of grant finance is to act as an incentive for investment from the private sector . typically , a ratio of 1:4 public:private finance is []

The nature of the project and the type of finance required will determine the most appropriate source of finance .
the nature of the project and the type of finance [] will determine the most appropriate source of finance .

As will be seen , a great deal of preparation is required before the first discussion with a potential source .
as will be seen , a great deal of preparation is [] before the first discussion with a potential source .

The information usually required is listed in table 4.2 .
the information usually [] is listed in table 4.2 .

The review of operating strategy will highlight operating skills required for success , sources of labour , fixed and variable cost characteristics , opportunities for improving viability by increasing revenues or reducing costs , programming of the total scheme and property strategy .
the review of operating strategy will highlight operating skills [] for success , sources of labour , fixed and variable cost characteristics , opportunities for improving viability by increasing revenues or reducing costs , programming of the total scheme and property strategy .

For example , health authorities are required to demonstrate that the care of patients and the services they receive have been considered in any project appraisal .
for example , health authorities are [] to demonstrate that the care of patients and the services they receive have been considered in any project appraisal .

The composition of the panel usually reflects the level of required expenditure .
the composition of the panel usually reflects the level of [] expenditure .

As the size of the contingency sum reflects on the degree of uncertainty , the amount of the sum required should decrease as the project proceeds .
as the size of the contingency sum reflects on the degree of uncertainty , the amount of the sum [] should decrease as the project proceeds .

An appropriate calculation or formula for the amount of contingency required at any particular time should be agreed at the same time that the initial sire of the contingency is determined .
an appropriate calculation or formula for the amount of contingency [] at any particular time should be agreed at the same time that the initial sire of the contingency is determined .

The preparation by the client 's project manager of a cash-flow forecast for the period of construction is often required .
the preparation by the client 's project manager of a cash-flow forecast for the period of construction is often [] .

The more risk the contractor is required to take , the more expensive the price is likely to be at the outset .
the more risk the contractor is [] to take , the more expensive the price is likely to be at the outset .

When additional work is required for which payment has not been provided in the contract documents , the engineer may have power either to agree new rates for measured work or a fixed price for a defined piece of work .
when additional work is [] for which payment has not been provided in the contract documents , the engineer may have power either to agree new rates for measured work or a fixed price for a defined piece of work .

The level of detail and complexity of the plan should match both the complexity of the works , the level of control required and the contractors ability to understand and maintain the plan .
the level of detail and complexity of the plan should match both the complexity of the works , the level of control [] and the contractors ability to understand and maintain the plan .

It is sensible for a contractor to apply for payment for work done to a specified date to limit the amount of funding required .
it is sensible for a contractor to apply for payment for work done to a specified date to limit the amount of funding [] .

approve the proposed measures ( with modifications , if required )
approve the proposed measures ( with modifications , if [] )

issue a written instruction on the action required
issue a written instruction on the action []

If the relevant gene ( s ) could be incorporated into wheat , for example , it would reduce the number of herbicides required and extend the period of application .
if the relevant gene ( s ) could be incorporated into wheat , for example , it would reduce the number of herbicides [] and extend the period of application .

What is required is a fair balance and as much factual evidence as possible .
what is [] is a fair balance and as much factual evidence as possible .

Two people are required if the length exceeds 2 m .
two people are [] if the length exceeds 2 m .

The Manitoban ratification process was also delayed by a provincial rule which required that any constitutional amendment be subject to public hearings prior to a vote in the legislature .
the manitoban ratification process was also delayed by a provincial rule which [] that any constitutional amendment be subject to public hearings prior to a vote in the legislature .

In a speech outlining French policy towards Africa , President Mitterrand announced a reduction in the debt repayments which would be required from four middle-income countries  Cameroon , Congo , Cte d'Ivoire and Gabon .
in a speech outlining french policy towards africa , president mitterrand announced a reduction in the debt repayments which would be [] from four middle-income countries  cameroon , congo , cte d'ivoire and gabon .

Forbes , an evangelist with the Sword of the Lord Good News Ministries , had surprised observers by winning 46 per cent of the vote in the May primary , only 5 per cent short of the simple majority required for nomination .
forbes , an evangelist with the sword of the lord good news ministries , had surprised observers by winning 46 per cent of the vote in the may primary , only 5 per cent short of the simple majority [] for nomination .

The administration was successful in persuading three Republican senators to alter their stance on the bill , however , so that on June 21 the vote in the Senate was 65 to 35 , or two votes below the required majority .
the administration was successful in persuading three republican senators to alter their stance on the bill , however , so that on june 21 the vote in the senate was 65 to 35 , or two votes below the [] majority .

After the Paris meeting it was announced that about 85 per cent of this amount had been pledged , with donors promising $ 300,000,000 in debt relief and between $ 800,000,000 and $ 900,000,000 in grants and loans , mainly to finance imports required for the economic recovery programme .
after the paris meeting it was announced that about 85 per cent of this amount had been pledged , with donors promising $ 300,000,000 in debt relief and between $ 800,000,000 and $ 900,000,000 in grants and loans , mainly to finance imports [] for the economic recovery programme .

In an attempt to " depoliticize " the role of the police , de Klerk on Jan. 17 , 1990 , told 500 police in Pretoria that the government would " stop asking you to fight in the front trenches in political battles " , and said that henceforth police would " not be required to prevent people from marching to gain support for their views " ; instead police should concentrate on combating crime .
in an attempt to " depoliticize " the role of the police , de klerk on jan. 17 , 1990 , told 500 police in pretoria that the government would " stop asking you to fight in the front trenches in political battles " , and said that henceforth police would " not be [] to prevent people from marching to gain support for their views " ; instead police should concentrate on combating crime .

On a second vote clergy delegates voted by 126 to 55 in favour ( just over the required two-thirds majority ) and the lay vote was 172 in favour and 29 against .
on a second vote clergy delegates voted by 126 to 55 in favour ( just over the [] two-thirds majority ) and the lay vote was 172 in favour and 29 against .

On Dec. 8 the State Council abolished a regulation which required public functionaries to be subjected to a security investigation .
on dec. 8 the state council abolished a regulation which [] public functionaries to be subjected to a security investigation .

It can be walked on for access if required .
it can be walked on for access if [] .

If extra thermal insulation is required flat insulation panels can be laid underneath the profiled Rockwell insulation panels .
if extra thermal insulation is [] flat insulation panels can be laid underneath the profiled rockwell insulation panels .

If this is done , however , longer fixing screws will be required .
if this is done , however , longer fixing screws will be [] .

You will be required to vacate the land on six months notice expiring at the end of any month .
you will be [] to vacate the land on six months notice expiring at the end of any month .

Throughout the duration of the tenancy you will be required to keep the land free from weeks and in a clean and tidy condition .
throughout the duration of the tenancy you will be [] to keep the land free from weeks and in a clean and tidy condition .

At the end of the tenancy you will be required to refix the fence on the original boundary .
at the end of the tenancy you will be [] to refix the fence on the original boundary .

To remain as Chief Minister , Chauthala was required to win a seat in the Haryana State Assembly by early June .
to remain as chief minister , chauthala was [] to win a seat in the haryana state assembly by early june .

Yeltsin won 535 votes ( four more than necessary for the required simple majority ) , Vlasov won 467 , and 11 went to Valentin Tsoy .
yeltsin won 535 votes ( four more than necessary for the [] simple majority ) , vlasov won 467 , and 11 went to valentin tsoy .

Constitutional changes required a two-thirds majority of the total Latvian Supreme Soviet membership , i.e .
constitutional changes [] a two-thirds majority of the total latvian supreme soviet membership , i.e .

In the first round on April 30 , when 180 votes ( three-fifths of the total ) were required for a candidate to be successful , Karamanlis had received 149 votes , Alevras 123 and Despotopoulos 21 .
in the first round on april 30 , when 180 votes ( three-fifths of the total ) were [] for a candidate to be successful , karamanlis had received 149 votes , alevras 123 and despotopoulos 21 .

Pedro Fernndez Dittus was not , however , required to spend time in detention but merely to present himself to the authorities once a week .
pedro fernndez dittus was not , however , [] to spend time in detention but merely to present himself to the authorities once a week .

In addition buyers would be required to purchase a minimum of $ 220 million of foreign debt in cash and $ 380 million in government bonds .
in addition buyers would be [] to purchase a minimum of $ 220 million of foreign debt in cash and $ 380 million in government bonds .

By the end of 1989 all 145 banks were required to have completed steps to become limited companies .
by the end of 1989 all 145 banks were [] to have completed steps to become limited companies .

The Central Bank liberalized its foreign exchange regulations on Feb. 1 , 1990 , eliminating the system which required all transactions to go through the bank and to take place at a fixed daily rate .
the central bank liberalized its foreign exchange regulations on feb. 1 , 1990 , eliminating the system which [] all transactions to go through the bank and to take place at a fixed daily rate .

On March 14 the Lithuanian Supreme Council passed a resolution saying that Lithuanians would no longer be required to serve in the Red Army and that conscripts who deserted would not be held criminally responsible .
on march 14 the lithuanian supreme council passed a resolution saying that lithuanians would no longer be [] to serve in the red army and that conscripts who deserted would not be held criminally responsible .

Protocol , however , would have required that a Chinese return visit , after President Mikhail Gorbachev 's visit to China in May 1989 , be at the level of President and party general secretary .
protocol , however , would have [] that a chinese return visit , after president mikhail gorbachev 's visit to china in may 1989 , be at the level of president and party general secretary .

On April 13 the Soviet Foreign Ministry expressed its `` concern and anxiety `` and called for `` peaceful political dialogue on the basis of the Simla agreement `` [ of 1972 , which required that all Indo-Pakistani disputes be resolved by bilateral negotiations ] .
on april 13 the soviet foreign ministry expressed its `` concern and anxiety `` and called for `` peaceful political dialogue on the basis of the simla agreement `` [ of 1972 , which [] that all indo-pakistani disputes be resolved by bilateral negotiations ] .

In an exercise which began on Nov. 13 , 1989 , all ethnic Somalis over 18 were required to report to special centres with proof of citizenship or residence permits .
in an exercise which began on nov. 13 , 1989 , all ethnic somalis over 18 were [] to report to special centres with proof of citizenship or residence permits .

The cases involved the states of Minnesota ( where both parents had to be informed 48 hours prior to an abortion ) , and Ohio ( where 24 hours ' notice to one parent was required ) .
the cases involved the states of minnesota ( where both parents had to be informed 48 hours prior to an abortion ) , and ohio ( where 24 hours ' notice to one parent was [] ) .

To become operative , however , the Accord required ratification by each provincial legislature by June 23 , 1990 .
to become operative , however , the accord [] ratification by each provincial legislature by june 23 , 1990 .

Several politicians and lawyers suggested that `` ordinary `` constitutional changes required ratification by seven provinces within three years , whilst amendments to key provisions of the constitution required unanimous approval without a time limit .
several politicians and lawyers suggested that `` ordinary `` constitutional changes [] ratification by seven provinces within three years , whilst amendments to key provisions of the constitution [] unanimous approval without a time limit .

Stressing that the current pattern of production and consumption was unsustainable and would have to change , `` particularly in the industrialized countries `` , the resolution also emphasized that a significant transfer of technology and finance to the developing world was required .
stressing that the current pattern of production and consumption was unsustainable and would have to change , `` particularly in the industrialized countries `` , the resolution also emphasized that a significant transfer of technology and finance to the developing world was [] .

On the following day the Senate also voted , by 23 to 16 , to override the veto , but fell three votes short of the required two-thirds majority .
on the following day the senate also voted , by 23 to 16 , to override the veto , but fell three votes short of the [] two-thirds majority .

On June 25 the Court ruled by five to four ( with O'Connor voting with the liberals ) to strike down part of a Minnesota law which required pregnant minors to notify both parents prior to obtaining an abortion .
on june 25 the court ruled by five to four ( with o'connor voting with the liberals ) to strike down part of a minnesota law which [] pregnant minors to notify both parents prior to obtaining an abortion .

The House of Representatives on July 25 failed to overturn the presidential veto of the Family and Medical Leave Bill , legislation which would have required businesses with 50 or more employees to allow workers to take 12 weeks of annual unpaid leave in order to care for newly born infants or seriously ill family members .
the house of representatives on july 25 failed to overturn the presidential veto of the family and medical leave bill , legislation which would have [] businesses with 50 or more employees to allow workers to take 12 weeks of annual unpaid leave in order to care for newly born infants or seriously ill family members .

In a secret ballot , Havel received the required three-fifths majority in both chambers , with 114 votes to 25 against in the Chamber of the People , and in the Chamber of the Nations 63 votes to nine against in the Czech section and 57 votes to 16 against in the Slovak section .
in a secret ballot , havel received the [] three-fifths majority in both chambers , with 114 votes to 25 against in the chamber of the people , and in the chamber of the nations 63 votes to nine against in the czech section and 57 votes to 16 against in the slovak section .

From Maslyukov 's statement it already appeared that the proposed rules on referendums on secession required a vote in the whole Soviet Union , not just in the republic concerned .
from maslyukov 's statement it already appeared that the proposed rules on referendums on secession [] a vote in the whole soviet union , not just in the republic concerned .

In his New Year address Iliescu announced that collective and state farms were to be largely privatized , and that a five-day working week would be introduced in March ( most Romanians had been required under Ceausescu to work a six- or even a seven-day week ) .
in his new year address iliescu announced that collective and state farms were to be largely privatized , and that a five-day working week would be introduced in march ( most romanians had been [] under ceausescu to work a six- or even a seven-day week ) .

However , continued investment of raw materials and capital goods was required if the necessary growth and investment was to be sustained .
however , continued investment of raw materials and capital goods was [] if the necessary growth and investment was to be sustained .

Inability to raise local funds through savings and investment to reach the proportion required for projects prevented the disbursement of foreign aid committed to such projects , the World Bank estimating that USdollars 4,600 million was waiting to be disbursed .
inability to raise local funds through savings and investment to reach the proportion [] for projects prevented the disbursement of foreign aid committed to such projects , the world bank estimating that usdollars 4,600 million was waiting to be disbursed .

Bhutto responded by dismissing charges of corruption as a `` slander campaign `` , and declared that although the President 's call for fresh elections constituted a `` smokescreen `` , her party would `` go to the people `` if required .
bhutto responded by dismissing charges of corruption as a `` slander campaign `` , and declared that although the president 's call for fresh elections constituted a `` smokescreen `` , her party would `` go to the people `` if [] .

This agreement unexpectedly failed to obtain the required two-thirds majority in the Volkskammer on Aug. 9 because of the absence of some members of the coalition parties ( the vote was 258-63 ) .
this agreement unexpectedly failed to obtain the [] two-thirds majority in the volkskammer on aug. 9 because of the absence of some members of the coalition parties ( the vote was 258-63 ) .

Both these earlier proposals had been rejected by Rafsanjani on Aug. 8 on grounds that `` the tone  does not suit the required atmosphere in the peace talks process `` .
both these earlier proposals had been rejected by rafsanjani on aug. 8 on grounds that `` the tone  does not suit the [] atmosphere in the peace talks process `` .

He denied any uniqueness in the Corsican situation and argued that a solution to Corsica 's problems required only `` the most ordinary means `` .
he denied any uniqueness in the corsican situation and argued that a solution to corsica 's problems [] only `` the most ordinary means `` .

Entrants were henceforth required to prove either that they had enough currency for a temporary stay , or a visa for another country .
entrants were henceforth [] to prove either that they had enough currency for a temporary stay , or a visa for another country .

In a clear script on vellum it bears the various stamps and duty impressions required by the law of the day as well as the seal and signature of the above-named person .
in a clear script on vellum it bears the various stamps and duty impressions [] by the law of the day as well as the seal and signature of the above-named person .

He declined to comment on the 1973 Roe v. Wade judgment  the landmark case which had established the right of women to have abortions  on the grounds that , if his nomination was confirmed , he would be required to consider the matter and did not wish to prejudge it .
he declined to comment on the 1973 roe v. wade judgment  the landmark case which had established the right of women to have abortions  on the grounds that , if his nomination was confirmed , he would be [] to consider the matter and did not wish to prejudge it .

The successful vote on energy policy reflected the broad national consensus which had developed since the issue was last addressed in a referendum in 1983 , when the proposal failed to secure a majority in more than half the cantons as required [ see p. 32643 ] .
the successful vote on energy policy reflected the broad national consensus which had developed since the issue was last addressed in a referendum in 1983 , when the proposal failed to secure a majority in more than half the cantons as [] [ see p. 32643 ] .

The new law stated that any Pole aged 35 or over and enjoying full electoral rights could run for the presidency ; the signatures of at least 100,000 electors would be required to secure nomination as a candidate .
the new law stated that any pole aged 35 or over and enjoying full electoral rights could run for the presidency ; the signatures of at least 100,000 electors would be [] to secure nomination as a candidate .

The report , whose conclusions were due to be made public after the expiry of 21 days within which interested parties were required to submit their comments , was expected to confirm that the crash resulted from pilot error involving the inadvertent shutting down of the wrong engine .
the report , whose conclusions were due to be made public after the expiry of 21 days within which interested parties were [] to submit their comments , was expected to confirm that the crash resulted from pilot error involving the inadvertent shutting down of the wrong engine .

Whereas previously people wanting to travel abroad had had to overcome a range of bureaucratic and political obstacles , the new regulations only required citizens to present their passports .
whereas previously people wanting to travel abroad had had to overcome a range of bureaucratic and political obstacles , the new regulations only [] citizens to present their passports .

In order to remain as Chief Minister Chauthala was required to win a state Legislative Assembly seat by May 1990 .
in order to remain as chief minister chauthala was [] to win a state legislative assembly seat by may 1990 .

However , in only one of the 179 single-candidate constituencies did the candidate fail to win the required 50 per cent in first round voting .
however , in only one of the 179 single-candidate constituencies did the candidate fail to win the [] 50 per cent in first round voting .

The Tsogdu is required to pass a vote of confidence in the King by a two-thirds majority every three years and has the power to replace the monarch .
the tsogdu is [] to pass a vote of confidence in the king by a two-thirds majority every three years and has the power to replace the monarch .

The compact was on this occasion approved by 4,633 votes ( 59.8 per cent ) to 2,988 ( 38.6 per cent ) but , as on previous occasions , the level of approval fell short of the 75 per cent necessary to amend the Constitution as required by the terms of the compact .
the compact was on this occasion approved by 4,633 votes ( 59.8 per cent ) to 2,988 ( 38.6 per cent ) but , as on previous occasions , the level of approval fell short of the 75 per cent necessary to amend the constitution as [] by the terms of the compact .

The charge of indoctrination has been regularly levelled against it with great force , especially because of the holding of assemblies for worship which is still required by law .
the charge of indoctrination has been regularly levelled against it with great force , especially because of the holding of assemblies for worship which is still [] by law .

Hard thinking is indeed required because the kind of information which science is dealing with and seeking to extend is quite literally mind-boggling .
hard thinking is indeed [] because the kind of information which science is dealing with and seeking to extend is quite literally mind-boggling .

The level of sophistication required here is very great even for highly educated adults .
the level of sophistication [] here is very great even for highly educated adults .

Because each person is unique , and has experiences which no other person has ever had quite in that way or in that combination of circumstances , this learning can not be structured by teacher or syllabus or advisers from without , except possibly in certain exceptional situations where a sustained one-to-one relationship is possible or required .
because each person is unique , and has experiences which no other person has ever had quite in that way or in that combination of circumstances , this learning can not be structured by teacher or syllabus or advisers from without , except possibly in certain exceptional situations where a sustained one-to-one relationship is possible or [] .

The relative ease with which external forms and behaviour can be observed , and the degree of sensitivity required for penetrating their inner significance make this a special `` trap for the unwary `` .
the relative ease with which external forms and behaviour can be observed , and the degree of sensitivity [] for penetrating their inner significance make this a special `` trap for the unwary `` .

He also commissioned a number of Catholic officers , in violation of the 1673 Test Act , which required commissioned officers to take the Anglican communion and abjure transubstantiation .
he also commissioned a number of catholic officers , in violation of the 1673 test act , which [] commissioned officers to take the anglican communion and abjure transubstantiation .

James maintained that he could issue dispensations from the provisions of this Act by the royal prerogative , an opinion which was upheld by the judges in the test case of Godden v. Hales in June 1686 , although it required a purge of the judicial bench to achieve a verdict favourable to the Crown .
james maintained that he could issue dispensations from the provisions of this act by the royal prerogative , an opinion which was upheld by the judges in the test case of godden v. hales in june 1686 , although it [] a purge of the judicial bench to achieve a verdict favourable to the crown .

To raise the enormous sums required , the government learned to float long-term loans , which Parliament agreed to underwrite by appropriating the yield of specific taxes for the payment of interest .
to raise the enormous sums [] , the government learned to float long-term loans , which parliament agreed to underwrite by appropriating the yield of specific taxes for the payment of interest .

Few wanted to see the repeal of the Test Acts , which required that all office holders take the sacrament in accordance with the rites of the Church of England , since these measures had in part been designed against Catholics ( an important consideration when many Whigs still feared the possibility of a Stuart restoration ) .
few wanted to see the repeal of the test acts , which [] that all office holders take the sacrament in accordance with the rites of the church of england , since these measures had in part been designed against catholics ( an important consideration when many whigs still feared the possibility of a stuart restoration ) .

Under English law , ordinary passers-by could be required by a constable to come to his assistance in making an arrest , failure to do so being a punishable offence .
under english law , ordinary passers-by could be [] by a constable to come to his assistance in making an arrest , failure to do so being a punishable offence .

Games can be non-threatening be fun to play indicate clearly to the children that a different kind of thought process is going to be required of them in the drama session introduce collaborative ways of working focus and channel energies which might otherwise become distracting create useful opportunities for the teacher to assess the mood and interests of the class .
games can be non-threatening be fun to play indicate clearly to the children that a different kind of thought process is going to be [] of them in the drama session introduce collaborative ways of working focus and channel energies which might otherwise become distracting create useful opportunities for the teacher to assess the mood and interests of the class .

Consider what children might actually be required to do in response to each of the following : Why do you think the giant has come to our town ? What evidence do we have that the alien means us no harm ? What makes you think that the smugglers were never caught ? What gives you the feeling that we 'll be safe here ?
consider what children might actually be [] to do in response to each of the following : why do you think the giant has come to our town ? what evidence do we have that the alien means us no harm ? what makes you think that the smugglers were never caught ? what gives you the feeling that we 'll be safe here ?

Lists of tools and equipment required for an expedition/rescue mission .
lists of tools and equipment [] for an expedition/rescue mission .

They are required by the Bank of England to deal in all outstanding gilt-edged stocks including index-linked stocks and may , if they so choose , deal in other sterling fixed-interest securities ; in certain sterling money-market instruments ; and in derivatives of these securities and instruments , e.g .
they are [] by the bank of england to deal in all outstanding gilt-edged stocks including index-linked stocks and may , if they so choose , deal in other sterling fixed-interest securities ; in certain sterling money-market instruments ; and in derivatives of these securities and instruments , e.g .

GEMMs are required by the Bank of England to be separately established as companies or partnerships in the United Kingdom with their own dedicated sterling capital .
gemms are [] by the bank of england to be separately established as companies or partnerships in the united kingdom with their own dedicated sterling capital .

British economic weaknesses also clearly required some discriminatory action against American exports .
british economic weaknesses also clearly [] some discriminatory action against american exports .

To their disgust they found themselves required to stand in line with the Europeans .
to their disgust they found themselves [] to stand in line with the europeans .

Ideally Nato required at least 30 or 40 divisions at the start of hostilities .
ideally nato [] at least 30 or 40 divisions at the start of hostilities .

Ministers agreed , however reluctantly , that Britain 's own condition and the international environment as a whole required the continuance of Atlanticist policies .
ministers agreed , however reluctantly , that britain 's own condition and the international environment as a whole [] the continuance of atlanticist policies .

To be of value in war it required Egyptian co-operation .
to be of value in war it [] egyptian co-operation .

The first generation of American nuclear missiles required bases in Europe .
the first generation of american nuclear missiles [] bases in europe .

Such divisions in fact provided Macmillan with exactly the sort of opening he required early in the Kennedy administration .
such divisions in fact provided macmillan with exactly the sort of opening he [] early in the kennedy administration .

American interests required prevention or at least control of any sterling crisis .
american interests [] prevention or at least control of any sterling crisis .

However , to benefit from the range of choice in the trade-off between risk and return that options offer , rather more is required of somebody who invests in options than is required of an investor in futures .
however , to benefit from the range of choice in the trade-off between risk and return that options offer , rather more is [] of somebody who invests in options than is [] of an investor in futures .

But intermediaries are often not required at all .
but intermediaries are often not [] at all .

Even in times of peace it required constant vigilance to keep the peoples across the Rhine in check .
even in times of peace it [] constant vigilance to keep the peoples across the rhine in check .

Closer to such history in terms of the narrative skill required is hagiography .
closer to such history in terms of the narrative skill [] is hagiography .

Something of the range of skills required can be seen in the career of the seventh-century bishop , Desiderius of Cahors .
something of the range of skills [] can be seen in the career of the seventh-century bishop , desiderius of cahors .

This , however , must have been a rare occurrence ; most bishops will have received royal approval as canonically required .
this , however , must have been a rare occurrence ; most bishops will have received royal approval as canonically [] .

The clergy of Marseilles were overjoyed and acted as if the bishop was already dead : they took an inventory of the church plate , as was required by the canons on the death of a bishop .
the clergy of marseilles were overjoyed and acted as if the bishop was already dead : they took an inventory of the church plate , as was [] by the canons on the death of a bishop .

Since the Congress Kingdom of Poland was only one of a number of outlying parts of the empire which required his attention , and since he could hardly afford a forward policy in western Europe or the Balkans until his own peripheries were fully integrated into the imperial structure , he spent more time in the 1830s and 1840s on his own non-Russian subjects than on dealings with foreigners .
since the congress kingdom of poland was only one of a number of outlying parts of the empire which [] his attention , and since he could hardly afford a forward policy in western europe or the balkans until his own peripheries were fully integrated into the imperial structure , he spent more time in the 1830s and 1840s on his own non-russian subjects than on dealings with foreigners .

The sultan , however , refused to avail himself of this `` Vienna Note `` , on the grounds that it required him to make too many concessions .
the sultan , however , refused to avail himself of this `` vienna note `` , on the grounds that it [] him to make too many concessions .

In theory 25 million men were subject to the draft , but 12 million were exempt on health grounds , 5 million for various technical reasons , and something over 6 million for the simple reason that the economy required their labour .
in theory 25 million men were subject to the draft , but 12 million were exempt on health grounds , 5 million for various technical reasons , and something over 6 million for the simple reason that the economy [] their labour .

Resolving these issues without generating revolts on the part of the gentry or the peasantry required a balancing act which tested the regime to the limits .
resolving these issues without generating revolts on the part of the gentry or the peasantry [] a balancing act which tested the regime to the limits .

The equally conservative nobles of Smolensk echoed Tula 's belief in the need for joint discussions with `` representatives from other provinces ' , while the nobles of Tver `` , one of the few gentry groups to espouse the cause of immediate emancipation rather than the conversion of serfs into temporarily obligated peasants , argued that the new laws had been botched , that `` the reforms so urgently required can not be achieved by a bureaucratic order `` , and that the `` convocation of elected representatives from all the Russian land represents the only means for a satisfactory solution `` .
the equally conservative nobles of smolensk echoed tula 's belief in the need for joint discussions with `` representatives from other provinces ' , while the nobles of tver `` , one of the few gentry groups to espouse the cause of immediate emancipation rather than the conversion of serfs into temporarily obligated peasants , argued that the new laws had been botched , that `` the reforms so urgently [] can not be achieved by a bureaucratic order `` , and that the `` convocation of elected representatives from all the russian land represents the only means for a satisfactory solution `` .

Miliutin pointed out that if 125,000 men were enlisted annually but required to serve for no more than seven or eight years , in seven years the country would possess a trained reserve of 750,000 men .
miliutin pointed out that if 125,000 men were enlisted annually but [] to serve for no more than seven or eight years , in seven years the country would possess a trained reserve of 750,000 men .

Sunday schools were legitimized , but required to teach boys and girls separately ( with the result that they needed extra buildings and instructors ) .
sunday schools were legitimized , but [] to teach boys and girls separately ( with the result that they needed extra buildings and instructors ) .

In Germany turnover taxes have been abolished and the Bundesbank has dismantled the remaining restrictions on issuance and underwriting of foreign currency bonds by borrowers domiciled in Germany ( until then issuance in foreign currency required a non-resident financial subsidiary ) .
in germany turnover taxes have been abolished and the bundesbank has dismantled the remaining restrictions on issuance and underwriting of foreign currency bonds by borrowers domiciled in germany ( until then issuance in foreign currency [] a non-resident financial subsidiary ) .

Twenty in each university were to be taught modern history and languages and , if they reached the required standard , given suitable employment at home or abroad .
twenty in each university were to be taught modern history and languages and , if they reached the [] standard , given suitable employment at home or abroad .

Many states specified a minimum private income which recruits to their diplomatic services had to have ( for example the 6,000 lire demanded by the Sardinian government in 1856 which continued to apply in the new united Italy , or the 400 required in Britain ) .
many states specified a minimum private income which recruits to their diplomatic services had to have ( for example the 6,000 lire demanded by the sardinian government in 1856 which continued to apply in the new united italy , or the 400 [] in britain ) .

All were required to get official sanction for their enclosure and to provide evidence of the means by which they were to be physically provided for .
all were [] to get official sanction for their enclosure and to provide evidence of the means by which they were to be physically provided for .

The purpose of the Corporate Finance Manual is to set out the required procedures and technical standards for all Special Engagements .
the purpose of the corporate finance manual is to set out the [] procedures and technical standards for all special engagements .

Particular care is required to ensure the letter is requested from and signed by the correct parties .
particular care is [] to ensure the letter is requested from and signed by the correct parties .

confidentiality : establishing the level of confidentiality required , as between the various parties involved .
confidentiality : establishing the level of confidentiality [] , as between the various parties involved .

access to information and personnel : setting out a list of the general or specific information required to perform the work .
access to information and personnel : setting out a list of the general or specific information [] to perform the work .

availability/co-operation of client/subject entity personnel : indicating the importance of effective communication to complete the work in the required timeframe .
availability/co-operation of client/subject entity personnel : indicating the importance of effective communication to complete the work in the [] timeframe .

representations : indicating any representations required from the client or any other party .
representations : indicating any representations [] from the client or any other party .

engagement team and other external specialists required ;
engagement team and other external specialists [] ;

This is required where the client can not be regarded as a corporate finance client or where a mainstream regulated service ( ie stand alone general ( ie non-specific ) investment advice or investment service ) is provided .
this is [] where the client can not be regarded as a corporate finance client or where a mainstream regulated service ( ie stand alone general ( ie non-specific ) investment advice or investment service ) is provided .

The issues to consider are similar to those required in order for the Firm to comply with the  know your client  requirements under the Conduct of Business Rules ( which are appropriate only to non-corporate finance clients ) .
the issues to consider are similar to those [] in order for the firm to comply with the  know your client  requirements under the conduct of business rules ( which are appropriate only to non-corporate finance clients ) .

For instance , companies are required to release through the Company Announcements Office of the Stock Exchange any information necessary to enable shareholders and the public to appraise the position of the company and to avoid a false market in the company 's securities .
for instance , companies are [] to release through the company announcements office of the stock exchange any information necessary to enable shareholders and the public to appraise the position of the company and to avoid a false market in the company 's securities .

initiate the required form ( see chapter 1102.3 ) when approving , exempting or advising on investment advertisements
initiate the [] form ( see chapter 1102.3 ) when approving , exempting or advising on investment advertisements

We would not normally insist on the wording in square brackets where the client 's legal advisers consider that the words are not required .
we would not normally insist on the wording in square brackets where the client 's legal advisers consider that the words are not [] .

The volume of work and dedication of time from the client which will be required during the disposal process , particularly at due diligence and disclosure stages .
the volume of work and dedication of time from the client which will be [] during the disposal process , particularly at due diligence and disclosure stages .

The level of confidentiality required ; establishing who and when directors and staff will be informed ; security procedures such as confidential faxes , deliveries and use of home addresses .
the level of confidentiality [] ; establishing who and when directors and staff will be informed ; security procedures such as confidential faxes , deliveries and use of home addresses .

If it becomes apparent that the scope of the work required by the terms of engagement will need to be modified , the client should be notified immediately , and agreement reached in the revised terms .
if it becomes apparent that the scope of the work [] by the terms of engagement will need to be modified , the client should be notified immediately , and agreement reached in the revised terms .

On some occasions a straight time basis will be appropriate ; on others a high element of contingent fee will be required by the vendor .
on some occasions a straight time basis will be appropriate ; on others a high element of contingent fee will be [] by the vendor .

The appropriate method will depend on the business being sold , the confidentiality required , and the anticipated demand from purchasers .
the appropriate method will depend on the business being sold , the confidentiality [] , and the anticipated demand from purchasers .

Likewise arrangements should be made to ensure that supplementary information will be available where required .
likewise arrangements should be made to ensure that supplementary information will be available where [] .

The level of confidentiality required .
the level of confidentiality [] .

If it becomes apparent that the scope of the work required by the terms of engagement will need to be modified , the client should be notified immediately , and agreement reached on the revised terms .
if it becomes apparent that the scope of the work [] by the terms of engagement will need to be modified , the client should be notified immediately , and agreement reached on the revised terms .

Advise the participating member as to the likelihood of subsequent services being required of him by the client .
advise the participating member as to the likelihood of subsequent services being [] of him by the client .

The most common occasion when the agreement is drafted by the seller 's solicitors is when the seller is offering a company on a tender basis under which information about the company , together with a draft contract , is sent out to those who express interest and they are required by a specified date to indicate the price they would be prepared to pay for the company and , often , the changes that they would request to the contract .
the most common occasion when the agreement is drafted by the seller 's solicitors is when the seller is offering a company on a tender basis under which information about the company , together with a draft contract , is sent out to those who express interest and they are [] by a specified date to indicate the price they would be prepared to pay for the company and , often , the changes that they would request to the contract .

The theory is that the seller will be able to evaluate the prices offered in the light of the different contractual terms required , but in practice it is rarely the case that there is no further negotiation .
the theory is that the seller will be able to evaluate the prices offered in the light of the different contractual terms [] , but in practice it is rarely the case that there is no further negotiation .

There is usually a pressing desire of all parties to proceed as fast as possible so the solicitors are required to produce their draft agreement before they have received all the information requested or the accountants have completed due diligence .
there is usually a pressing desire of all parties to proceed as fast as possible so the solicitors are [] to produce their draft agreement before they have received all the information requested or the accountants have completed due diligence .

the signing of any required employment agreements with senior executives , or trading or other agreements ;
the signing of any [] employment agreements with senior executives , or trading or other agreements ;

are required which can not previously be sought because of confidentiality .
are [] which can not previously be sought because of confidentiality .

Conditions attaching to the sale , similar to those in sale of shares agreement , but also consents required for the transfer of properties , other major assets and major contracts .
conditions attaching to the sale , similar to those in sale of shares agreement , but also consents [] for the transfer of properties , other major assets and major contracts .

In connection with the obtaining of consents , especially where the seller is a guarantor , a parent company guarantee may be required .
in connection with the obtaining of consents , especially where the seller is a guarantor , a parent company guarantee may be [] .

If part of the business includes companies , provisions such as those on a sale of shares will also be required .
if part of the business includes companies , provisions such as those on a sale of shares will also be [] .

Circumstances in which a commercial valuation is required
circumstances in which a commercial valuation is []

Circumstances in which a valuation is required for statutory reasons
circumstances in which a valuation is [] for statutory reasons

Circumstances in which a valuation is required for regulatory reasons
circumstances in which a valuation is [] for regulatory reasons

The  Fair Value  of a transaction is either the value obtained between a willing buyer and a willing seller or the valuation required in the particular circumstances ;
the  fair value  of a transaction is either the value obtained between a willing buyer and a willing seller or the valuation [] in the particular circumstances ;

One party valuations will be required in connection with acquisitions and disposals
one party valuations will be [] in connection with acquisitions and disposals

0802.1 Circumstances in which a commercial valuation is required
0802.1 circumstances in which a commercial valuation is []

Commercial valuations are most frequently required for :
commercial valuations are most frequently [] for :

Such valuations are generally required for statutory or regulatory reasons .
such valuations are generally [] for statutory or regulatory reasons .

0803.1 Circumstances in which a valuation is required for statutory reasons
0803.1 circumstances in which a valuation is [] for statutory reasons

Fiscal valuations are required to determine the value of shares or other property for capital gains or inheritance tax purposes .
fiscal valuations are [] to determine the value of shares or other property for capital gains or inheritance tax purposes .

0803.2 Circumstances in which a valuation is required for regulatory reasons
0803.2 circumstances in which a valuation is [] for regulatory reasons

An appropriately experienced consultation partner who is a valuations specialist and is not otherwise associated with the client 's ( or the subject entity 's , if different ) affairs should be appointed , and thereafter , should make himself available for consultation as required during the engagement .
an appropriately experienced consultation partner who is a valuations specialist and is not otherwise associated with the client 's ( or the subject entity 's , if different ) affairs should be appointed , and thereafter , should make himself available for consultation as [] during the engagement .

In order for positive assurance to be given , validation procedures will be required .
in order for positive assurance to be given , validation procedures will be [] .

For negative assurance , enquiry and analytical procedures will be required .
for negative assurance , enquiry and analytical procedures will be [] .

The extent of legal advice required should be considered in each case ;
the extent of legal advice [] should be considered in each case ;

While we should at all times act reasonably with the client 's best interests in mind , when such a specific contract is required , it must be extremely clear that the firm acts on behalf of the client and is , as far as the public arena is concerned , not acting in its own right .
while we should at all times act reasonably with the client 's best interests in mind , when such a specific contract is [] , it must be extremely clear that the firm acts on behalf of the client and is , as far as the public arena is concerned , not acting in its own right .

Care must be taken to ensure the Firm does not take a more onerous duties than are required of it .
care must be taken to ensure the firm does not take a more onerous duties than are [] of it .

The number and frequency of drafting meetings will depend on the complexity of the documentation required .
the number and frequency of drafting meetings will depend on the complexity of the documentation [] .

Any document that includes listing particulars , where new shares are to be listed , will be examined in great detail and a list of non-applicable items will be required .
any document that includes listing particulars , where new shares are to be listed , will be examined in great detail and a list of non-applicable items will be [] .

It is a matter for consideration between the engagement team and the appointed lawyers if a visit to the Panel is required or whether any points need to be discussed by telephone .
it is a matter for consideration between the engagement team and the appointed lawyers if a visit to the panel is [] or whether any points need to be discussed by telephone .

consider at an early stage if client headed note paper and / or specimen signatures will be required ; and
consider at an early stage if client headed note paper and / or specimen signatures will be [] ; and

make arrangements for the printing of any special logos required .
make arrangements for the printing of any special logos [] .

Ensuring the appointment of City lawyers with the specific experience required ;
ensuring the appointment of city lawyers with the specific experience [] ;

If shares are being issued and listing particulars or a prospectus are required , reporting accountants may also be asked to provide a private comfort letter on the statement made by the directors as to the adequacy of working capital even if the transaction does not require formal comfort to be given .
if shares are being issued and listing particulars or a prospectus are [] , reporting accountants may also be asked to provide a private comfort letter on the statement made by the directors as to the adequacy of working capital even if the transaction does not require formal comfort to be given .

This information , if required by the client , should be the subject of a detailed investigation as a follow-up stage .
this information , if [] by the client , should be the subject of a detailed investigation as a follow-up stage .

Newsflashes are restricted to ten lines ( including spaces ) and although there is no obligation to back the newsflash with a formal selling document , some further detail will be required for those expressing interest .
newsflashes are restricted to ten lines ( including spaces ) and although there is no obligation to back the newsflash with a formal selling document , some further detail will be [] for those expressing interest .

It will often be necessary to network with other groups when a specialist industry or discipline inputs are required .
it will often be necessary to network with other groups when a specialist industry or discipline inputs are [] .

It is often difficult to anticipate the time required to undertake a search .
it is often difficult to anticipate the time [] to undertake a search .

We can confirm that we are satisfied ( as we are required to be under the regulations ) that Growing Business plc may properly be regarded as , using the technical term introduced by the regulations , a  corporate finance client  .
we can confirm that we are satisfied ( as we are [] to be under the regulations ) that growing business plc may properly be regarded as , using the technical term introduced by the regulations , a  corporate finance client  .

[ Specialist expertise required ]
[ specialist expertise [] ]

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are [] to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

We are also required to agree with you that should the Panel make a statement that it considers that the facilities of the securities markets in the United Kingdom should be withheld from you , or should you fail to comply with the City Code , we may withdraw from the engagement .
we are also [] to agree with you that should the panel make a statement that it considers that the facilities of the securities markets in the united kingdom should be withheld from you , or should you fail to comply with the city code , we may withdraw from the engagement .

Whilst an estimate of our fees has been given , additional costs may be required as a result of any material change in the assignment or difficulties in obtaining information which could not reasonably be foreseen and which caused additional work not included in the original estimate .
whilst an estimate of our fees has been given , additional costs may be [] as a result of any material change in the assignment or difficulties in obtaining information which could not reasonably be foreseen and which caused additional work not included in the original estimate .

an indication of due diligence procedures which will be required ; and
an indication of due diligence procedures which will be [] ; and

any clearances needed to complete the acquisition and the timescale required to obtain these approvals .
any clearances needed to complete the acquisition and the timescale [] to obtain these approvals .

We would review with lawyers the sale and purchase agreement and advise as to the reasonableness of clauses where required ; we will also attend where necessary the drafting meetings and final completion meetings .
we would review with lawyers the sale and purchase agreement and advise as to the reasonableness of clauses where [] ; we will also attend where necessary the drafting meetings and final completion meetings .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are [] to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

We are also required to agree with you that [ should the Panel make a statement that it considers that the facilities of the securities markets in the United Kingdom should be withheld from you , or ] should you fail to comply with the City Code , we may withdraw from the engagement .
we are also [] to agree with you that [ should the panel make a statement that it considers that the facilities of the securities markets in the united kingdom should be withheld from you , or ] should you fail to comply with the city code , we may withdraw from the engagement .

An indication of the due diligence procedures required prior to completion .
an indication of the due diligence procedures [] prior to completion .

The clearances needed to complete the deal and the likely timescale required to achieve these approvals .
the clearances needed to complete the deal and the likely timescale [] to achieve these approvals .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are [] to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

We are also required to agree with you that [ should the Panel make a statement that it considers that the facilities of the securities markets in the United Kingdom should be withheld from you , or ] should you fail to comply with the City Code , we may withdraw from the engagement .
we are also [] to agree with you that [ should the panel make a statement that it considers that the facilities of the securities markets in the united kingdom should be withheld from you , or ] should you fail to comply with the city code , we may withdraw from the engagement .

Our fees will be based on the time taken at our normal hourly scale rates appropriate to the level of expertise required .
our fees will be based on the time taken at our normal hourly scale rates appropriate to the level of expertise [] .

Assuming no factual memorandum is required we hope to be able to make our report available within [ specify number ] weeks of any such visit subject to the receipt of  outside  information , for example , the report of the compensation valuer .
assuming no factual memorandum is [] we hope to be able to make our report available within [ specify number ] weeks of any such visit subject to the receipt of  outside  information , for example , the report of the compensation valuer .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are [] to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

We are also required to agree with you that [ should the Panel make a statement that it considers that the facilities of the securities markets in the United Kingdom should be withheld from you , or ] should you fail to comply with the City Code , we may withdraw from the engagement .
we are also [] to agree with you that [ should the panel make a statement that it considers that the facilities of the securities markets in the united kingdom should be withheld from you , or ] should you fail to comply with the city code , we may withdraw from the engagement .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are [] to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

We are also required to agree with you that [ should the Panel make a statement that it considers that the facilities of the securities markets in the United Kingdom should be withheld from you , or ] should you fail to comply with the City Code , we may withdraw from the engagement .
we are also [] to agree with you that [ should the panel make a statement that it considers that the facilities of the securities markets in the united kingdom should be withheld from you , or ] should you fail to comply with the city code , we may withdraw from the engagement .

Fee estimate : It is difficult to estimate the time involvement or costs of this category of work as this is a function of the number of funding sources approached and the number of meetings required .
fee estimate : it is difficult to estimate the time involvement or costs of this category of work as this is a function of the number of funding sources approached and the number of meetings [] .

Should you be successful in raising the required funding for your projects , then you will require specialist advice ( particularly when negotiating with the funding source ) on the financial structure of the new company , both in terms of gearing and should venture capitalists be involved , on the proportion of dilution of the equity stake held by yourselves as founder directors .
should you be successful in raising the [] funding for your projects , then you will require specialist advice ( particularly when negotiating with the funding source ) on the financial structure of the new company , both in terms of gearing and should venture capitalists be involved , on the proportion of dilution of the equity stake held by yourselves as founder directors .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are [] to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

We are also required to agree with you that [ should the Panel make a statement that it considers that the facilities of the securities markets in the United Kingdom should be withheld from you , or ] should you fail to comply with the City Code , we may withdraw from the engagement .
we are also [] to agree with you that [ should the panel make a statement that it considers that the facilities of the securities markets in the united kingdom should be withheld from you , or ] should you fail to comply with the city code , we may withdraw from the engagement .

Confirmation that you have available the funds required to finance your indicative offer .
confirmation that you have available the funds [] to finance your indicative offer .

Shortlisted bidders who wish to make a final offer for the business will be required to make a binding offer based on the documentation provided , subject only to specific provisos and their proposed amendments to the sale and purchase agreement .
shortlisted bidders who wish to make a final offer for the business will be [] to make a binding offer based on the documentation provided , subject only to specific provisos and their proposed amendments to the sale and purchase agreement .

Name required a partner with financial and technical resources to enable expansion and to take advantage of the huge developing market in its business sector ;
name [] a partner with financial and technical resources to enable expansion and to take advantage of the huge developing market in its business sector ;

The company is wholly owned by the founding directors who now seek a partner to provide the support required to take advantage of the rationalisation expected in the European metal stockholding industry .
the company is wholly owned by the founding directors who now seek a partner to provide the support [] to take advantage of the rationalisation expected in the european metal stockholding industry .

This Document is confidential being for use only by the persons to whom it is issued and who have signed the required form of confidentiality agreement .
this document is confidential being for use only by the persons to whom it is issued and who have signed the [] form of confidentiality agreement .

Notwithstanding that these Heads of Agreement are headed  Subject to Contract  and are expressed not to be legally binding , the parties agree as a legally binding commitment that they will treat , unless required by law or regulatory authority , in absolute confidence all terms of this agreement , the purchase and sale agreement and discussions in general .
notwithstanding that these heads of agreement are headed  subject to contract  and are expressed not to be legally binding , the parties agree as a legally binding commitment that they will treat , unless [] by law or regulatory authority , in absolute confidence all terms of this agreement , the purchase and sale agreement and discussions in general .

assuming that each item comprised in the Stock and work in progress could be sold in the ordinary course of business and allowing for estimated costs required to complete the items and for estimated selling costs on that assumption ; and
assuming that each item comprised in the stock and work in progress could be sold in the ordinary course of business and allowing for estimated costs [] to complete the items and for estimated selling costs on that assumption ; and

Our fees will be based on the time taken at our normal hourly scale rates appropriate to the level of expertise required .
our fees will be based on the time taken at our normal hourly scale rates appropriate to the level of expertise [] .

to those of our partners and employees who are required in the course of ( and solely for the purpose of ) such assessment to receive and consider the information ( and we agree that any such disclosure is on the basis that such partners and employees are made aware of and accept the strict provisions of this undertaking ) ; and
to those of our partners and employees who are [] in the course of ( and solely for the purpose of ) such assessment to receive and consider the information ( and we agree that any such disclosure is on the basis that such partners and employees are made aware of and accept the strict provisions of this undertaking ) ; and

Upon receipt of a written demand from you return the information ( as reduced to writing ) to you together with any copies in our possession except to the extent required to support the professional advice given by us .
upon receipt of a written demand from you return the information ( as reduced to writing ) to you together with any copies in our possession except to the extent [] to support the professional advice given by us .

This undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to disclose or which is in or hereafter enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .
this undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are [] by law to disclose or which is in or hereafter enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .

to those of our partners and employees who are required in the course of ( and solely for the purpose of ) such assessment to receive and consider the information ( and we agree that any such disclosure is on the basis that such partners and employees are made aware of and accept the strict provisions of this undertaking ) ; and
to those of our partners and employees who are [] in the course of ( and solely for the purpose of ) such assessment to receive and consider the information ( and we agree that any such disclosure is on the basis that such partners and employees are made aware of and accept the strict provisions of this undertaking ) ; and

Upon receipt of a written demand from you return the information ( as reduced to writing ) to you together with any copies in our possession except to the extent required to support the professional advice given by us .
upon receipt of a written demand from you return the information ( as reduced to writing ) to you together with any copies in our possession except to the extent [] to support the professional advice given by us .

This undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to disclose or which is in or hereafter enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .
this undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are [] by law to disclose or which is in or hereafter enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .

This letter is required where the firm is leading an agreed public offer ( i.e. subject to the Takeover Code ) and is required to be satisfied that our client is able to implement the offer
this letter is [] where the firm is leading an agreed public offer ( i.e. subject to the takeover code ) and is [] to be satisfied that our client is able to implement the offer

We undertake to reimburse you upon your first written demand any sum or sums not exceeding a maximum aggregate amount of  [ ] should [ client name ] fail to make available to you this sum within the stipulated date required by yourselves , but no later than [ date ] .
we undertake to reimburse you upon your first written demand any sum or sums not exceeding a maximum aggregate amount of  [ ] should [ client name ] fail to make available to you this sum within the stipulated date [] by yourselves , but no later than [ date ] .

This specimen sets out the form of report to be issued where a formal valuation report is required .
this specimen sets out the form of report to be issued where a formal valuation report is [] .

Will consolidated accounts be prepared , or will some form of combined accounts be required ?
will consolidated accounts be prepared , or will some form of combined accounts be [] ?

Is consistency with prior periods required ? What if a new accounting standard has come into force since the last statutory accounts but before the completion accounts ? c Which takes precedence : consistency , prudence , purchaser 's accounting policies , strict SSAPs ?
is consistency with prior periods [] ? what if a new accounting standard has come into force since the last statutory accounts but before the completion accounts ? c which takes precedence : consistency , prudence , purchaser 's accounting policies , strict ssaps ?

What form of audit report is required ?
what form of audit report is [] ?

If an independent person is required to determine the dispute , should that person be acting as expert ( less formal , procedures agreed between parties , decision almost impossible to challenge ) or as arbitrator ( quasi-litigation , procedures defined by law , can be appealed to courts ) ?
if an independent person is [] to determine the dispute , should that person be acting as expert ( less formal , procedures agreed between parties , decision almost impossible to challenge ) or as arbitrator ( quasi-litigation , procedures defined by law , can be appealed to courts ) ?

Are adjustments required to calculate the consideration from the accounts ?
are adjustments [] to calculate the consideration from the accounts ?

Will earn-out payments be governed by audited accounts or are adjustments required ?
will earn-out payments be governed by audited accounts or are adjustments [] ?

Is the earn-out based on pre-tax or post-tax profits ? If post-tax , are provisions required for avoiding manipulation of the tax charge ?
is the earn-out based on pre-tax or post-tax profits ? if post-tax , are provisions [] for avoiding manipulation of the tax charge ?

The Vendor should not be required to give representations , as opposed to warranties .
the vendor should not be [] to give representations , as opposed to warranties .

The Vendor objects to being required to notify the Purchaser of breaches which may come to light between exchange and completion .
the vendor objects to being [] to notify the purchaser of breaches which may come to light between exchange and completion .

If the Business has an undisclosed liability which has been passed to the Purchaser , the Vendor should be required to pay over at least the amount of the undisclosed liability .
if the business has an undisclosed liability which has been passed to the purchaser , the vendor should be [] to pay over at least the amount of the undisclosed liability .

The Purchaser should inspect the stock and plant and machinery to satisfy itself that these items satisfy the required criteria .
the purchaser should inspect the stock and plant and machinery to satisfy itself that these items satisfy the [] criteria .

The Listed Intellectual Property Rights are all the Intellectual Property Rights owned , used or required by the Vendor in connection with the Business .
the listed intellectual property rights are all the intellectual property rights owned , used or [] by the vendor in connection with the business .

What is required is details of arrangements which , if they are unilaterally accepted by a third party , will immediately impose contractual obligations on the Business .
what is [] is details of arrangements which , if they are unilaterally accepted by a third party , will immediately impose contractual obligations on the business .

Twenty-four hours later it would still have required access to a crystal ball to predict the result after some of the most enthralling encounters seen on a golf course since man first put club to ball .
twenty-four hours later it would still have [] access to a crystal ball to predict the result after some of the most enthralling encounters seen on a golf course since man first put club to ball .

Again expert advice is required in these circumstances .
again expert advice is [] in these circumstances .

Late eighteenth-century Britain witnessed the emergence of a specialist capital-goods sector , as the demand for production machinery both increased and required more specialized skills .
late eighteenth-century britain witnessed the emergence of a specialist capital-goods sector , as the demand for production machinery both increased and [] more specialized skills .

The Redundancy Payments Act of 1965 was introduced to give redundant workers some recompense for losing their jobs and to encourage companies to release labour they no longer required ( feather-bedding ) , thereby encouraging labour mobility in the face of growing changes in the technological make-up of industry .
the redundancy payments act of 1965 was introduced to give redundant workers some recompense for losing their jobs and to encourage companies to release labour they no longer [] ( feather-bedding ) , thereby encouraging labour mobility in the face of growing changes in the technological make-up of industry .

Having come into being to market a single product or service , small firms must reach a stage where additional new products are required in order to fill the  product gap  .
having come into being to market a single product or service , small firms must reach a stage where additional new products are [] in order to fill the  product gap  .

The specification of a management information system required by a small company with rapid expansion possibilities
the specification of a management information system [] by a small company with rapid expansion possibilities

The research on the project is required to be carried out in close co-operation with the client group .
the research on the project is [] to be carried out in close co-operation with the client group .

However , many users , and in particular shareholders , financial analysts , employees and trade unions , require and have demanded information in excess of that required by law .
however , many users , and in particular shareholders , financial analysts , employees and trade unions , require and have demanded information in excess of that [] by law .

It is also known that whilst some companies provide only the minimum information required by law , other companies provide additional information voluntarily .
it is also known that whilst some companies provide only the minimum information [] by law , other companies provide additional information voluntarily .

These , however , are often difficult to find in the form required , because of inconsistencies in definitions or reporting standards .
these , however , are often difficult to find in the form [] , because of inconsistencies in definitions or reporting standards .

1 Select a pilot sample of research supervisors and students 2 Interview this sample to obtain detailed role descriptions 3 Compile items from the interviews into a large checklist 4 Distribute the checklist to a large , representative sample 5 Analyse the completed checklists as required
1 select a pilot sample of research supervisors and students 2 interview this sample to obtain detailed role descriptions 3 compile items from the interviews into a large checklist 4 distribute the checklist to a large , representative sample 5 analyse the completed checklists as []

It may also shed light on the standards required for British firms who wish to act as subcontractors to the many Japanese foreign investors in Britain and Europe .
it may also shed light on the standards [] for british firms who wish to act as subcontractors to the many japanese foreign investors in britain and europe .

It is intended to approach this by studying :  their patenting activity by means of patents granted to them in the United States in the past 25 years ; this will indicate the areas where the industries/economies of each country  and their research/innovative activity appears to be strongest ;  the adoption of the selected major postwar innovations and their diffusion in the industries of each of the countries covered ;  their performance in  high-technology  areas ;  certain indicators of the countries ' energy economics ;  and possibly assess their productivity level in comparison with some West European countries ; Economic research institutes in Sofia , Prague , Budapest and Warsaw will cooperate by providing  where necessary  the technical and statistical information required .
it is intended to approach this by studying :  their patenting activity by means of patents granted to them in the united states in the past 25 years ; this will indicate the areas where the industries/economies of each country  and their research/innovative activity appears to be strongest ;  the adoption of the selected major postwar innovations and their diffusion in the industries of each of the countries covered ;  their performance in  high-technology  areas ;  certain indicators of the countries ' energy economics ;  and possibly assess their productivity level in comparison with some west european countries ; economic research institutes in sofia , prague , budapest and warsaw will cooperate by providing  where necessary  the technical and statistical information [] .

The time constraints for decisions to be made are tight , as operators are required to give only six weeks ' notice of their intention to withdraw or change a service .
the time constraints for decisions to be made are tight , as operators are [] to give only six weeks ' notice of their intention to withdraw or change a service .

Private generators could either sell direct to final customers by leasing the use of the public sector 's transmission network ( the Act guaranteed access on specified terms ) or they could sell to the public sector electricity industry ( the Act required purchase to take place on specified terms ) .
private generators could either sell direct to final customers by leasing the use of the public sector 's transmission network ( the act guaranteed access on specified terms ) or they could sell to the public sector electricity industry ( the act [] purchase to take place on specified terms ) .

That is because its validity required
that is because its validity []

Yet a sizeable turnover is required for a successful market : given the concern with the structure of the London capital market , and increasing international competition between markets , analysis of what determines turnover has an immediate relevance .
yet a sizeable turnover is [] for a successful market : given the concern with the structure of the london capital market , and increasing international competition between markets , analysis of what determines turnover has an immediate relevance .

This project is based on three premises : that more young economists , bound for industry , particularly consultancy , the civil service and the city , should have at least been apprenticed in research--hence , in part , the use of occasional research assistants rather than experienced professionals ; that applied economists should pay more attention to the views of non economists , and , in particular of practitioners in the fields they study , hence the emphasis on the flexibility required if we are to look at problems differently , or use different types of evidence ; and that more of us should build our models self consciously , with an eye to analytical convenience and ease of interpretation , considerations which would be less important were economics less inexact , since it might then make sense to seek the correct model , however difficult to analyse and understand .
this project is based on three premises : that more young economists , bound for industry , particularly consultancy , the civil service and the city , should have at least been apprenticed in research--hence , in part , the use of occasional research assistants rather than experienced professionals ; that applied economists should pay more attention to the views of non economists , and , in particular of practitioners in the fields they study , hence the emphasis on the flexibility [] if we are to look at problems differently , or use different types of evidence ; and that more of us should build our models self consciously , with an eye to analytical convenience and ease of interpretation , considerations which would be less important were economics less inexact , since it might then make sense to seek the correct model , however difficult to analyse and understand .

Preliminary investigations showed the required quantity of feedstock to be available .
preliminary investigations showed the [] quantity of feedstock to be available .

The differences and similarities to be explained will include not only the value of the debt relief , but also the new credit flows obtained and the economic adjustment required , as part of the  debt bargains  .
the differences and similarities to be explained will include not only the value of the debt relief , but also the new credit flows obtained and the economic adjustment [] , as part of the  debt bargains  .

The research programme will focus on the question of land development broadly defined to encompass , for example , a switch towards less intensive farming , the planting of amenity woodland and the residential and industrial development of rural land . What are the patterns of capital investment in the countryside and how do they affect property rights and changes in the use of rural land ? What are the consequences for rural communities ? And what sorts of policy changes are required in order to balance the production , ecological and amenity functions of the countryside ?
the research programme will focus on the question of land development broadly defined to encompass , for example , a switch towards less intensive farming , the planting of amenity woodland and the residential and industrial development of rural land . what are the patterns of capital investment in the countryside and how do they affect property rights and changes in the use of rural land ? what are the consequences for rural communities ? and what sorts of policy changes are [] in order to balance the production , ecological and amenity functions of the countryside ?

Education authorities are required to produce guidelines which describe how children are to be allocated to schools and which outline procedures for deciding between competing claims when the number of requests for a particular school exceeds the number of places available , and to publish information about particular schools .
education authorities are [] to produce guidelines which describe how children are to be allocated to schools and which outline procedures for deciding between competing claims when the number of requests for a particular school exceeds the number of places available , and to publish information about particular schools .

As a result , the contents of these records are not readily accessible for medical or administrative purposes , because of the time and effort required .
as a result , the contents of these records are not readily accessible for medical or administrative purposes , because of the time and effort [] .

Inability of the policewoman to provide the  deterrent presence  often required of police during industrial disputes etc ;
inability of the policewoman to provide the  deterrent presence  often [] of police during industrial disputes etc ;

Since 1991 , primary schools have been required to carry out new procedures in relation to National Assessment of seven year old children at Key Stage 1 .
since 1991 , primary schools have been [] to carry out new procedures in relation to national assessment of seven year old children at key stage 1 .

Almost all undergraduates studying a foreign language in Higher Education are required to spend one academic year abroad as part of their course .
almost all undergraduates studying a foreign language in higher education are [] to spend one academic year abroad as part of their course .

The important point about this category of moves , is that the  home  remains in existence and a person is required to establish a new life elsewhere .
the important point about this category of moves , is that the  home  remains in existence and a person is [] to establish a new life elsewhere .

This introduced important changes : it removed the requirement that the Court should seek to return the parties to the financial position which they would have been in had their marriage not broken down ; it required the Court to give  first consideration  to the welfare of any child of the family ; and it contained a number of provisions designed , in appropriate cases , to emphasise the importance of the parties seeking to become self-sufficient after divorce .
this introduced important changes : it removed the requirement that the court should seek to return the parties to the financial position which they would have been in had their marriage not broken down ; it [] the court to give  first consideration  to the welfare of any child of the family ; and it contained a number of provisions designed , in appropriate cases , to emphasise the importance of the parties seeking to become self-sufficient after divorce .

The methods generally required children to work on their own .
the methods generally [] children to work on their own .

Although it is generally assumed that the free movement of persons within the European Community will increase the impact of  international crime  on the internal security problems of the Member States and that more intensive and more effective law enforcement co-operation will be required , there is uncertainty about how better co-ordination can be achieved .
although it is generally assumed that the free movement of persons within the european community will increase the impact of  international crime  on the internal security problems of the member states and that more intensive and more effective law enforcement co-operation will be [] , there is uncertainty about how better co-ordination can be achieved .

Needing pain-killing injections in his injured big toe before the game , he brilliantly latched on to Alan Smith 's neat flick to slot home his fourth Cup final goal but required more treatment at half-time after suffering an ankle injury .
needing pain-killing injections in his injured big toe before the game , he brilliantly latched on to alan smith 's neat flick to slot home his fourth cup final goal but [] more treatment at half-time after suffering an ankle injury .

For instance , many of Amway 's products , such as fabric softener , bleach and window cleaner , are highly concentrated so that less packaging is required .
for instance , many of amway 's products , such as fabric softener , bleach and window cleaner , are highly concentrated so that less packaging is [] .

The Americans led 5441 at half-time and it always seemed they could step up a few gears when required .
the americans led 5441 at half-time and it always seemed they could step up a few gears when [] .

The new chairman told members of the Triangle , which is the oldest supporters club in Lurgan , that team work and commitment would be required to take Glenavon back to the top .
the new chairman told members of the triangle , which is the oldest supporters club in lurgan , that team work and commitment would be [] to take glenavon back to the top .

The purpose is to prepare trade unionists to fully participate in consultations with employers concerning the ment composition and practices that employers are required to undertake .
the purpose is to prepare trade unionists to fully participate in consultations with employers concerning the ment composition and practices that employers are [] to undertake .

Anthony Butler , technical officer for the British Parachute Association , said that on leaving the Cessna plane at 10,000ft , Mr Tipping was required to deploy a throw-away pilot chute packed so it would not open , to give the impression of trailing behind .
anthony butler , technical officer for the british parachute association , said that on leaving the cessna plane at 10,000ft , mr tipping was [] to deploy a throw-away pilot chute packed so it would not open , to give the impression of trailing behind .

If the client is a company director of a partner , then business details will be required .
if the client is a company director of a partner , then business details will be [] .

He later required surgery to a wound around his kneecap .
he later [] surgery to a wound around his kneecap .

Spokesman Michael Ritchie said it appeared the judges had agreed a crisis situation required crisis measures .
spokesman michael ritchie said it appeared the judges had agreed a crisis situation [] crisis measures .

These can either be built into a permanent unit , or merely carefully stacked to form supports for the bits , then dismantled when not required .
these can either be built into a permanent unit , or merely carefully stacked to form supports for the bits , then dismantled when not [] .

It is suggested that two-stage process is required .
it is suggested that two-stage process is [] .

The programmes will be subject to review with the passage of time but no substantial additions to them will be made for the first six years ( except for changes required because of matters outside of governing body control and except for minor alterations to equipment ) .
the programmes will be subject to review with the passage of time but no substantial additions to them will be made for the first six years ( except for changes [] because of matters outside of governing body control and except for minor alterations to equipment ) .

That is to say , bodies should continue to submit applications one month prior to the end of their respective financial years , but grant aid will not be provided for any governing body which submits its application more than three months after the required date .
that is to say , bodies should continue to submit applications one month prior to the end of their respective financial years , but grant aid will not be provided for any governing body which submits its application more than three months after the [] date .

The Scottish Sports Council includes within the hourly charge any provision required for Reception staff and taxis .
the scottish sports council includes within the hourly charge any provision [] for reception staff and taxis .

If your event information is already printed in a calendar form , please ensure that all the required information is included .
if your event information is already printed in a calendar form , please ensure that all the [] information is included .

Accommodation can be arranged in residences or hotels if required .
accommodation can be arranged in residences or hotels if [] .

The tiger population may number some 500 or more , the largest surviving single population of the 7-8,000 in the world , and the only one which conforms to scientific calculations of the number required to retain the broad genetic base for natural evolution .
the tiger population may number some 500 or more , the largest surviving single population of the 7-8,000 in the world , and the only one which conforms to scientific calculations of the number [] to retain the broad genetic base for natural evolution .

Great thanks are due to the Dyfed Wildlife Trust for organising the trip and being such good hosts , and especially to Jane Asher for taking the time not only to make the visit but also to meet the very short deadline required for the article .
great thanks are due to the dyfed wildlife trust for organising the trip and being such good hosts , and especially to jane asher for taking the time not only to make the visit but also to meet the very short deadline [] for the article .

 ( a ) no evidence shall be admissible in any proceedings before a judicial authority exercising its jurisdiction or functions in Great Britain to prove that any such person has committed  any offence which was the subject of a spent conviction ; and  ( b ) a person shall not , in any such proceedings , be asked , and , if asked , shall not be required to answer , any question relating to his past that can not be answered without acknowledging or referring to a spent conviction or spent convictions or any circumstances thereto ;  
 ( a ) no evidence shall be admissible in any proceedings before a judicial authority exercising its jurisdiction or functions in great britain to prove that any such person has committed  any offence which was the subject of a spent conviction ; and  ( b ) a person shall not , in any such proceedings , be asked , and , if asked , shall not be [] to answer , any question relating to his past that can not be answered without acknowledging or referring to a spent conviction or spent convictions or any circumstances thereto ;  

Although the Commissioners from the counties required to be possessed of a freehold within the county which they represented , there was no necessity after the Union for a person who represented the City of Edinburgh , or any of the fourteen Districts into which the other burghs were divided , to be possessed of any property within the burgh .
although the commissioners from the counties [] to be possessed of a freehold within the county which they represented , there was no necessity after the union for a person who represented the city of edinburgh , or any of the fourteen districts into which the other burghs were divided , to be possessed of any property within the burgh .

In the case of an order which will authorise the construction of works  these are normally referred to as  works orders   it is also necessary to approve plans and sections required under the General Orders and there are a variety of orders covering meticulously the requirements as to such plans and sections .
in the case of an order which will authorise the construction of works  these are normally referred to as  works orders   it is also necessary to approve plans and sections [] under the general orders and there are a variety of orders covering meticulously the requirements as to such plans and sections .

For the benefit of the clients , and also for the orderly conduct of the promotion , the agent will normally supply a table of steps , setting out clearly the various procedural steps required by the General Orders , in chronological order , and showing who precisely will be responsible for each step ; most of the steps are taken by the agent , but in some cases local newspaper advertisement and local service is undertaken by the client .
for the benefit of the clients , and also for the orderly conduct of the promotion , the agent will normally supply a table of steps , setting out clearly the various procedural steps [] by the general orders , in chronological order , and showing who precisely will be responsible for each step ; most of the steps are taken by the agent , but in some cases local newspaper advertisement and local service is undertaken by the client .

She has produced one full of legal terms for the Guardian Gazette , the Journal of the Law Society ; one on the stock exchange for Investors ' Chronicle ; one for the Vegetarian in which she was required to make propaganda against meat eating .
she has produced one full of legal terms for the guardian gazette , the journal of the law society ; one on the stock exchange for investors ' chronicle ; one for the vegetarian in which she was [] to make propaganda against meat eating .

The case was pleaded and argued before the Sheriff , and on appeal , on the basis that in addition to establishing the defenders ' breach of contract as a material breach , the pursuers also required to show that they were entitled to rescind the contract , leaving the system in an incomplete state .
the case was pleaded and argued before the sheriff , and on appeal , on the basis that in addition to establishing the defenders ' breach of contract as a material breach , the pursuers also [] to show that they were entitled to rescind the contract , leaving the system in an incomplete state .

In matrimonial matters there may be cases in which a minimum of investigation is required to establish whether Scots or English law falls to be applied .
in matrimonial matters there may be cases in which a minimum of investigation is [] to establish whether scots or english law falls to be applied .

The English solicitor , if advised of the Scottish solicitor 's interest in the case , will normally ask the Scottish solicitor to assist if further evidence is required after the Civil Aid Certificate is granted .
the english solicitor , if advised of the scottish solicitor 's interest in the case , will normally ask the scottish solicitor to assist if further evidence is [] after the civil aid certificate is granted .

But the outright victory Garvey required to keep their championship flame alive eluded them , and the league battle has been reduced to a two-horse race .
but the outright victory garvey [] to keep their championship flame alive eluded them , and the league battle has been reduced to a two-horse race .

Penalty shootouts were required in each instance but only the most optimistic fan  or a representative from the Guinness Book of Records  would have forecast it happening again .
penalty shootouts were [] in each instance but only the most optimistic fan  or a representative from the guinness book of records  would have forecast it happening again .

The Board is also considering reducing the required numbers for a governors meeting .
the board is also considering reducing the [] numbers for a governors meeting .

 Their effect will be to require the same accuracy of description in relation to property sales as is already required of sellers of goods and other service providers .
 their effect will be to require the same accuracy of description in relation to property sales as is already [] of sellers of goods and other service providers .

Fit laser printer toner cartridges , and ribbon cartridges when required .
fit laser printer toner cartridges , and ribbon cartridges when [] .

It is suggested that 2 machines required for horticulture , and 1 for library .
it is suggested that 2 machines [] for horticulture , and 1 for library .

Additional software would be required for workstations .
additional software would be [] for workstations .

We must therefore train suitable staff in programming , and it is likely that an additional member of staff will be required for programming and troubleshooting within the next five years .
we must therefore train suitable staff in programming , and it is likely that an additional member of staff will be [] for programming and troubleshooting within the next five years .

In the shorter term , the equipment required by the Library for Archive microfilming could be used by the Herbarium for the production of type catalogues on fiche , monographic fiche sets and other purposes .
in the shorter term , the equipment [] by the library for archive microfilming could be used by the herbarium for the production of type catalogues on fiche , monographic fiche sets and other purposes .

Pilot systems for capturing and recording specimen and location data in the field have potential in many other areas where taxonomic input into conservation research is required .
pilot systems for capturing and recording specimen and location data in the field have potential in many other areas where taxonomic input into conservation research is [] .

As there is no accessions register for individual herbarium specimens , a numerical reassessment of our holdings is required ; this is under consideration for a summer student project in 1991 .
as there is no accessions register for individual herbarium specimens , a numerical reassessment of our holdings is [] ; this is under consideration for a summer student project in 1991 .

Preparation and execution of all work required for exhibits , posters etc .
preparation and execution of all work [] for exhibits , posters etc .

The development of income raising schemes and projects will significantly increase the pressure of work on the Finance Section , even when linked directly to the Bank 's own Royline and while it is envisaged that the existing system should be able to meet requirements for the next four or five years when replacement will be under consideration , additional staff will probably be required .
the development of income raising schemes and projects will significantly increase the pressure of work on the finance section , even when linked directly to the bank 's own royline and while it is envisaged that the existing system should be able to meet requirements for the next four or five years when replacement will be under consideration , additional staff will probably be [] .

It has not been possible to produce a diagram modelling our use of information services  it would have required at least four dimensions to deal with the different aspects .
it has not been possible to produce a diagram modelling our use of information services  it would have [] at least four dimensions to deal with the different aspects .

In addition substantial staff time and co-operation will be required .
in addition substantial staff time and co-operation will be [] .

We have the facilities needed to support the research or training at the time required .
we have the facilities needed to support the research or training at the time [] .

We have the staff needed to carry out the required training .
we have the staff needed to carry out the [] training .

Each new user will be allocated a supervisor , who will ensure that the requisite facilities  workspace , computing , scientific , administrative , editorial and other services  are provided when required .
each new user will be allocated a supervisor , who will ensure that the requisite facilities  workspace , computing , scientific , administrative , editorial and other services  are provided when [] .

There are one or two errors , however , some differences in emphasis , and some points where more detailed expansion is required to clarify some of the activities and responsibilities of the postholder .
there are one or two errors , however , some differences in emphasis , and some points where more detailed expansion is [] to clarify some of the activities and responsibilities of the postholder .

Early Regius Keepers , who were also required to teach in the University , were seldom provided with the wherewithal to buy books for themselves or their students .
early regius keepers , who were also [] to teach in the university , were seldom provided with the wherewithal to buy books for themselves or their students .

We are required under the terms of the Directive to inform staff of the provisions of the Directive , and to train staff in the health and safety aspects of workstation use .
we are [] under the terms of the directive to inform staff of the provisions of the directive , and to train staff in the health and safety aspects of workstation use .

 a specialist in a slow sub-field  is required to write 20 papers to qualify as an ordinarily productive scientist , and more than 80 to be considered prolific 
 a specialist in a slow sub-field  is [] to write 20 papers to qualify as an ordinarily productive scientist , and more than 80 to be considered prolific 

Some of the returns from Taylor 's questionnaire 216 drew attention to these problems , one in particular reporting that another year of full-time work would be required to bring the thesis work up to standard and up to date .
some of the returns from taylor 's questionnaire 216 drew attention to these problems , one in particular reporting that another year of full-time work would be [] to bring the thesis work up to standard and up to date .

There are therefore three phases in this machine , the minimum number required to produce rotation in either direction .
there are therefore three phases in this machine , the minimum number [] to produce rotation in either direction .

The stator poles are also provided with windings which are used to encourage or discourage the flow of magnet flux through certain poles according to the rotor position required .
the stator poles are also provided with windings which are used to encourage or discourage the flow of magnet flux through certain poles according to the rotor position [] .

Hybrid motors have a small step length ( typically 1 .8 degrees ) , which can be a great advantage when high resolution angular positioning is required .
hybrid motors have a small step length ( typically 1 .8 degrees ) , which can be a great advantage when high resolution angular positioning is [] .

Firstly , typical step lengths ( 15 degrees ) are longer than in the hybrid type so less steps are required to move a given distance .
firstly , typical step lengths ( 15 degrees ) are longer than in the hybrid type so less steps are [] to move a given distance .

Turning now to the freewheeling circuit , the required time constant for current decay is 1 ms , so the total freewheeling circuit resistance [ from eqn .
turning now to the freewheeling circuit , the [] time constant for current decay is 1 ms , so the total freewheeling circuit resistance [ from eqn .

The transistors are switched in pairs according to the current polarity required .
the transistors are switched in pairs according to the current polarity [] .

An alternative method of minimising static error is to connect the motor to the load by a gear or , if linear load positioning is required , by a leadscrew , so the effects of these mechanical connections are also investigated .
an alternative method of minimising static error is to connect the motor to the load by a gear or , if linear load positioning is [] , by a leadscrew , so the effects of these mechanical connections are also investigated .

For larger displacements the rotor and stator teeth become aligned in stable equilibrium at a distance which is a multiple of the rotor tooth pitch from the required step position .
for larger displacements the rotor and stator teeth become aligned in stable equilibrium at a distance which is a multiple of the rotor tooth pitch from the [] step position .

Although the torque produced can often be improved by exciting several phases , it must be remembered that more power is required to excite the extra phases .
although the torque produced can often be improved by exciting several phases , it must be remembered that more power is [] to excite the extra phases .

The required variation of current levels with rotor position can be deduced from the phase torque/position/current characteristics ; for example Eqn .
the [] variation of current levels with rotor position can be deduced from the phase torque/position/current characteristics ; for example eqn .

The resistances can be switched into or out of the circuit according to the phase current required .
the resistances can be switched into or out of the circuit according to the phase current [] .

During dynamic operation if the load is being accelerated then the applied torque is proportional to the angular acceleration and load inertia : At the motor the torque required is : since .
during dynamic operation if the load is being accelerated then the applied torque is proportional to the angular acceleration and load inertia : at the motor the torque [] is : since .

The operating speed of the teletype is limited by the time taken for the system to settle to within the required accuracy at each letter position .
the operating speed of the teletype is limited by the time taken for the system to settle to within the [] accuracy at each letter position .

As the induced voltage is essentially sinusoidal only the sinusoidal component of phase current at the same frequency is required for the torque calculations .
as the induced voltage is essentially sinusoidal only the sinusoidal component of phase current at the same frequency is [] for the torque calculations .

( 5.2 ) gives an expression for the variation of induced voltage : The frequency of the induced voltage is equal to the frequency of the fundamental component of the supply voltage and so it is the fundamental component of phase current which is required for the torque calculations .
( 5.2 ) gives an expression for the variation of induced voltage : the frequency of the induced voltage is equal to the frequency of the fundamental component of the supply voltage and so it is the fundamental component of phase current which is [] for the torque calculations .

The expression can only produce a constant term if both and have equal frequencies and , since has only a fundamental component , it is the corresponding component of which is required .
the expression can only produce a constant term if both and have equal frequencies and , since has only a fundamental component , it is the corresponding component of which is [] .

The low supply voltage must maintain the rated winding current when the motor is stationary : The winding time constant and the current rise time required is 1 ins .
the low supply voltage must maintain the rated winding current when the motor is stationary : the winding time constant and the current rise time [] is 1 ins .

The initial stages of system design are concerned with steady.state performance ; the choice of stepping motor and drive circuit is mainly dictated by the maximum tolerable position error and the maximum required stepping rate .
the initial stages of system design are concerned with steady.state performance ; the choice of stepping motor and drive circuit is mainly dictated by the maximum tolerable position error and the maximum [] stepping rate .

In some open-loop control schemes the precise times of phase excitation changes are required and the velocity profile must then be integrated to give the position/ time response of the system .
in some open-loop control schemes the precise times of phase excitation changes are [] and the velocity profile must then be integrated to give the position/ time response of the system .

For example , an exponential ramp may be required for optimum acceleration , but its implementation is expensive and so the designer may compromise with a linear ramp , which is available at very low cost .
for example , an exponential ramp may be [] for optimum acceleration , but its implementation is expensive and so the designer may compromise with a linear ramp , which is available at very low cost .

The microprocessor is well-suited to the generation and timing of the digital signals required for stepping motor control and in Chapter 8 the whole subject of microprocessor/stepping motor interfacing is discussed in detail .
the microprocessor is well-suited to the generation and timing of the digital signals [] for stepping motor control and in chapter 8 the whole subject of microprocessor/stepping motor interfacing is discussed in detail .

Deceleration commences with a long delay number ( 25 ) , which allows time for the rotor to swing past the equilibrium position into a position where the motor is producing the negative torque required for deceleration .
deceleration commences with a long delay number ( 25 ) , which allows time for the rotor to swing past the equilibrium position into a position where the motor is producing the negative torque [] for deceleration .

Only four steps are required to decelerate the motor , as the load torque contributes to the decelerating torque .
only four steps are [] to decelerate the motor , as the load torque contributes to the decelerating torque .

If the maximum operating speed of the system is to approach the pull-out rate then between 20 and 50 delays might be required and the techniques would not be cost-effective .
if the maximum operating speed of the system is to approach the pull-out rate then between 20 and 50 delays might be [] and the techniques would not be cost-effective .

6.14 ( a ) , for example , linear acceleration and deceleration profiles are produced by integrating a signal which turns on when the motor is to accelerate and turns off when deceleration in required .
6.14 ( a ) , for example , linear acceleration and deceleration profiles are produced by integrating a signal which turns on when the motor is to accelerate and turns off when deceleration in [] .

The downcounter then generates a retard signal , which initiates the change in phase sequence required to decelerate the motor to the target .
the downcounter then generates a retard signal , which initiates the change in phase sequence [] to decelerate the motor to the target .

The required detected position is obtained by ensuring that the slotted disc is connected to the motor shaft with the correct relative orientation .
the [] detected position is obtained by ensuring that the slotted disc is connected to the motor shaft with the correct relative orientation .

This argument is reversed when the load has to move a large distance , because a high operating speed is then required .
this argument is reversed when the load has to move a large distance , because a high operating speed is then [] .

The number of switching angle values required to avoid significant degradation of performance from this quantisation effect can be estimated by inspection of the torque/speed/switching angle characteristic ; for example in Fig .
the number of switching angle values [] to avoid significant degradation of performance from this quantisation effect can be estimated by inspection of the torque/speed/switching angle characteristic ; for example in fig .

8.1 , for example , shows an open.loop control system which would be termed `` software-intensive `` , because the microprocessor produces the phase control signals ; the program is responsible for timing and sequencing the signals to move the motor to the required position .
8.1 , for example , shows an open.loop control system which would be termed `` software-intensive `` , because the microprocessor produces the phase control signals ; the program is responsible for timing and sequencing the signals to move the motor to the [] position .

The advantage of this system is its simplicity ; a very limited number of control functions are required and the software or hardware option is available for each function .
the advantage of this system is its simplicity ; a very limited number of control functions are [] and the software or hardware option is available for each function .

In this simple approach to open.loop control there are three basic control functions : ( a ) stepping rate : sets the motor speed , which must be less than the start/stop rate , ( h ) phase sequencing : ensures that the motor phases are excited in the order corresponding to the required direction of rotation , ( c ) step counting : records the number of steps taken by the motor and inhibits the step commands when the target position is attained .
in this simple approach to open.loop control there are three basic control functions : ( a ) stepping rate : sets the motor speed , which must be less than the start/stop rate , ( h ) phase sequencing : ensures that the motor phases are excited in the order corresponding to the [] direction of rotation , ( c ) step counting : records the number of steps taken by the motor and inhibits the step commands when the target position is attained .

( b ) If the motor has attained its maximum stepping rate deceleration must commence when the number of steps required to decelerate is equal to the number of steps from the target .
( b ) if the motor has attained its maximum stepping rate deceleration must commence when the number of steps [] to decelerate is equal to the number of steps from the target .

Deceleration is initiated when the anticipated number of steps required to stop is equal to the distance from the target .
deceleration is initiated when the anticipated number of steps [] to stop is equal to the distance from the target .

This can be used to highlight changes from year to year or compare actual and required staffing levels .
this can be used to highlight changes from year to year or compare actual and [] staffing levels .

Regular reports required by individual locations are obtained by using standard or specially written programs produced by the team .
regular reports [] by individual locations are obtained by using standard or specially written programs produced by the team .

Reports covering the organisation as a whole could then be produced by the team as required .
reports covering the organisation as a whole could then be produced by the team as [] .

In connection with the pay and grading review , the team were also required to cost various methods of assimilating staff on to new pay rates .
in connection with the pay and grading review , the team were also [] to cost various methods of assimilating staff on to new pay rates .

These were fed into the system in the usual manner to create the required data base .
these were fed into the system in the usual manner to create the [] data base .

These listed or summarised the information collected from the questionnaires together with any relevant data stored on the `` persons `` data base , under the required headings .
these listed or summarised the information collected from the questionnaires together with any relevant data stored on the `` persons `` data base , under the [] headings .

Summary information is all that is required , rather than completely up-to-date information on a minute-by-minute basis .
summary information is all that is [] , rather than completely up-to-date information on a minute-by-minute basis .

An approach which can combine the relative simplicity of the micro with the required data base , network and security of a shared system is to start with a bureau solution .
an approach which can combine the relative simplicity of the micro with the [] data base , network and security of a shared system is to start with a bureau solution .

The personnel department 's own microcomputer enables information on employees to be stored in the required format , listing those who have specialist skills or training , promotion prospects , attendance , experience , family circumstances , etc .
the personnel department 's own microcomputer enables information on employees to be stored in the [] format , listing those who have specialist skills or training , promotion prospects , attendance , experience , family circumstances , etc .

And it must be flexible  defining the kind of flexibility required is difficult , but it is clear that an entirely rigid system is impractical .
and it must be flexible  defining the kind of flexibility [] is difficult , but it is clear that an entirely rigid system is impractical .

For many operations this will be all that is required ; others will require further information , such as interview details in the case of an interview letter or offer details in the case of a contract of employment .
for many operations this will be all that is [] ; others will require further information , such as interview details in the case of an interview letter or offer details in the case of a contract of employment .

The system should ascertain from the operation number whether further details are required , and request them if necessary .
the system should ascertain from the operation number whether further details are [] , and request them if necessary .

In many companies there would undoubtedly be scope for reducing staff , or at any rate switching resources to more productive tasks , bearing in mind that the system reduces recruitment administration to one tenth of the time required under a manual system .
in many companies there would undoubtedly be scope for reducing staff , or at any rate switching resources to more productive tasks , bearing in mind that the system reduces recruitment administration to one tenth of the time [] under a manual system .

Information handling is a highly demanding exercise as far as computers are concerned  much more demanding than carrying out complex calculations  and at the present time micros do not provide the kind of flexibility and robustness which is required .
information handling is a highly demanding exercise as far as computers are concerned  much more demanding than carrying out complex calculations  and at the present time micros do not provide the kind of flexibility and robustness which is [] .

( 2 ) The system was specific and a lot of re-programming would be required to make it work elsewhere .
( 2 ) the system was specific and a lot of re-programming would be [] to make it work elsewhere .

To carry out even that form of monitoring would have required the full-time work of two clerks .
to carry out even that form of monitoring would have [] the full-time work of two clerks .

It has avoided the need to invest in time and paper systems , such as monthly reports which would otherwise be required to keep in touch with personnel developments .
it has avoided the need to invest in time and paper systems , such as monthly reports which would otherwise be [] to keep in touch with personnel developments .

These notes , if required , can be printed in a report showing the next month 's memoranda details or , if confidential , can be held but not printed .
these notes , if [] , can be printed in a report showing the next month 's memoranda details or , if confidential , can be held but not printed .

For example , queries on absence or overtime can be pinpointed immediately and problems answered very quickly , whereas before it quite often required considerable co-operation between Finance and Personnel .
for example , queries on absence or overtime can be pinpointed immediately and problems answered very quickly , whereas before it quite often [] considerable co-operation between finance and personnel .

Many instructions are required just to specify that two numbers be divided .
many instructions are [] just to specify that two numbers be divided .

If the supplier suggests that the manual is self explanatory and no training is required , be very sceptical .
if the supplier suggests that the manual is self explanatory and no training is [] , be very sceptical .

Packages will be attractive if it is important to make use of an existing computer or if a quick and simple solution is required and users are willing to tolerate restrictions .
packages will be attractive if it is important to make use of an existing computer or if a quick and simple solution is [] and users are willing to tolerate restrictions .

If extensions and enhancements are required , they will probably have to wait until the system is replaced .
if extensions and enhancements are [] , they will probably have to wait until the system is replaced .

Good software should allow the user to provide the minimum of information about what is required and get something useful in return .
good software should allow the user to provide the minimum of information about what is [] and get something useful in return .

More specific information can be given to tell the system to include only those employees from a particular grade , to specify how the information should be sorted , whether any totalling is required and to give a title .
more specific information can be given to tell the system to include only those employees from a particular grade , to specify how the information should be sorted , whether any totalling is [] and to give a title .

It was required that the system be capable of :
it was [] that the system be capable of :

We wanted to reduce the manual effort required to maintain Personnel records and generate such regular and ad hoc reports and analyses as were required .
we wanted to reduce the manual effort [] to maintain personnel records and generate such regular and ad hoc reports and analyses as were [] .

The employee records were created on Total database files thus giving us the flexibility to link the information into other systems as required .
the employee records were created on total database files thus giving us the flexibility to link the information into other systems as [] .

This link was required for two reasons .
this link was [] for two reasons .

If we add up the masses of all the stars that we can see in our galaxy and other galaxies , the total is less than one hundredth of the amount required to halt the expansion of the universe , even for the lowest estimate of the rate of expansion .
if we add up the masses of all the stars that we can see in our galaxy and other galaxies , the total is less than one hundredth of the amount [] to halt the expansion of the universe , even for the lowest estimate of the rate of expansion .

When we add up all this dark matter , we still get only about one tenth of the amount required to halt the expansion .
when we add up all this dark matter , we still get only about one tenth of the amount [] to halt the expansion .

The steady state theory required a modification of general relativity to allow for the continual creation of matter , but the rate that was involved was so low ( about one particle per cubic kilometer per year ) that it was not in conflict with experiment .
the steady state theory [] a modification of general relativity to allow for the continual creation of matter , but the rate that was involved was so low ( about one particle per cubic kilometer per year ) that it was not in conflict with experiment .

( In practice , however , the calculations required for systems containing more than a few electrons are so complicated that we can not do them . )
( in practice , however , the calculations [] for systems containing more than a few electrons are so complicated that we can not do them . )

Whether the irregularities required to account for stars and galaxies would have led to the formation of a significant number of `` primordial `` black holes clearly depends on the details of the conditions in the early universe .
whether the irregularities [] to account for stars and galaxies would have led to the formation of a significant number of `` primordial `` black holes clearly depends on the details of the conditions in the early universe .

This radiation is required in order to prevent violation of the second law .
this radiation is [] in order to prevent violation of the second law .

You had to learn things , she whispered , supposing that the activity which Gordon found difficult required practice , like tennis .
you had to learn things , she whispered , supposing that the activity which gordon found difficult [] practice , like tennis .

In the parents ' houses the Dynmouth Hards crept upstairs and into bedrooms in which other people slept , considerate because in their homes they were required to be .
in the parents ' houses the dynmouth hards crept upstairs and into bedrooms in which other people slept , considerate because in their homes they were [] to be .

Stolen goods required a rapid disposal .
stolen goods [] a rapid disposal .

On her knees , if he required it .
on her knees , if he [] it .

Not that John-William himself had n't done his share of cutting and laying-off , as the state of trade required it .
not that john-william himself had n't done his share of cutting and laying-off , as the state of trade [] it .

In her opinion too , although she had no idea how other men behaved , nor any way of measuring the depth of Tristan 's desire for her ; whether it came easily and naturally to him , as any stallion would mount any mare , or whether it required a degree of effort he chose to conceal .
in her opinion too , although she had no idea how other men behaved , nor any way of measuring the depth of tristan 's desire for her ; whether it came easily and naturally to him , as any stallion would mount any mare , or whether it [] a degree of effort he chose to conceal .

She knew the discipline required .
she knew the discipline [] .

Students and staff were encouraged to take part but Eva would lead the songs and choruses with her clear voice , making sure that `` adequate time and attention was given to prayer and thorough instruction as to what was required of a Salvation Army soldier `` .
students and staff were encouraged to take part but eva would lead the songs and choruses with her clear voice , making sure that `` adequate time and attention was given to prayer and thorough instruction as to what was [] of a salvation army soldier `` .

To him who has been given much , much will also be required `` . ``
to him who has been given much , much will also be [] `` . ``

Because of her loving nature Eva would have enjoyed having children and a family but feels it `` was one of the things God required me to give up `` .
because of her loving nature eva would have enjoyed having children and a family but feels it `` was one of the things god [] me to give up `` .

When money was required she would calculate resources , inform people of the need , then go ahead trusting that God would move people to respond .
when money was [] she would calculate resources , inform people of the need , then go ahead trusting that god would move people to respond .

She shared the perplexity she had felt as a young officer when she first discovered that a certain number of votes were required to elect a General .
she shared the perplexity she had felt as a young officer when she first discovered that a certain number of votes were [] to elect a general .

 You are being released into my custody ,  Nathan 's cool gaze held hers ,  which means you are required by law to remain with me until you appear at your trial .
 you are being released into my custody ,  nathan 's cool gaze held hers ,  which means you are [] by law to remain with me until you appear at your trial .

As far as he was concerned she was nothing more than a time-and-labour-saving device required for the voyage .
as far as he was concerned she was nothing more than a time-and-labour-saving device [] for the voyage .

 His tone made the words a statement which merely required confirmation .
 his tone made the words a statement which merely [] confirmation .

Madam , Madam , five to come , `` he hissed respectfully , his whisper turning into a sigh as he poured the amount required .
madam , madam , five to come , `` he hissed respectfully , his whisper turning into a sigh as he poured the amount [] .

She bought a vast and expensive motor mower , a machine that required skill and nerve for its direction and management .
she bought a vast and expensive motor mower , a machine that [] skill and nerve for its direction and management .

People in even the simplest forms of developed economy required goods and services which they could not provide for themselves .
people in even the simplest forms of developed economy [] goods and services which they could not provide for themselves .

The earliest theories of investment placed considerable emphasis on the importance of the rate of interest , seen here as the compensation required for forgoing current consumption .
the earliest theories of investment placed considerable emphasis on the importance of the rate of interest , seen here as the compensation [] for forgoing current consumption .

The growth of the non-marketable state sector has , in this view , required progressively more finance , increasing the pressures on the marketable sector .
the growth of the non-marketable state sector has , in this view , [] progressively more finance , increasing the pressures on the marketable sector .

Plowden was seen as providing a medium-term strategy for economic control , though to function satisfactorily it required an adequate institutional structure .
plowden was seen as providing a medium-term strategy for economic control , though to function satisfactorily it [] an adequate institutional structure .

Its functions can be divided into those which are required by its role as banker to the government and those which it performs as banker to the banks .
its functions can be divided into those which are [] by its role as banker to the government and those which it performs as banker to the banks .

The shorter is the maturity structure , the higher will be the ratio of liquid assets required .
the shorter is the maturity structure , the higher will be the ratio of liquid assets [] .

Until 1986 Stock Exchange participants were either brokers , who acted on behalf of clients in buying and selling securities , or jobbers , who held stocks and shares and dealt with brokers as the market required , and acted rather like wholesalers of securities .
until 1986 stock exchange participants were either brokers , who acted on behalf of clients in buying and selling securities , or jobbers , who held stocks and shares and dealt with brokers as the market [] , and acted rather like wholesalers of securities .

( iii ) The parties agreed that delivery could be made by instalments ( either on specified dates or  as required  ) and the contract is severable ( divisible ) .
( iii ) the parties agreed that delivery could be made by instalments ( either on specified dates or  as []  ) and the contract is severable ( divisible ) .

Where the seller is authorised or required to send the goods to the buyer , delivery to a carrier for that purpose will normally constitute complete performance of the seller 's duty of delivery , section 32(1) .
where the seller is authorised or [] to send the goods to the buyer , delivery to a carrier for that purpose will normally constitute complete performance of the seller 's duty of delivery , section 32(1) .

Though it was willing to assist if required the government emphasized that it would play no part in the proceedings of the Convention .
though it was willing to assist if [] the government emphasized that it would play no part in the proceedings of the convention .

In 1973 the government ran a considerable campaign to instruct electors how to record their votes under the system of proportional representation , but it was thought that after the experience of two proportional representation elections in 1973 the electorate did not need to be more than reminded of what was required .
in 1973 the government ran a considerable campaign to instruct electors how to record their votes under the system of proportional representation , but it was thought that after the experience of two proportional representation elections in 1973 the electorate did not need to be more than reminded of what was [] .

Health and Safety , and Accidents at Work Your employer is almost certainly required to comply with a range of legal regulations concerning your health and safety at work .
health and safety , and accidents at work your employer is almost certainly [] to comply with a range of legal regulations concerning your health and safety at work .

The expertise required by a provider of financial services comes from training in various disciplines such as law , economics , business management , and accountancy , coupled with a good deal of worldly wisdom , common sense and awareness of market forces .
the expertise [] by a provider of financial services comes from training in various disciplines such as law , economics , business management , and accountancy , coupled with a good deal of worldly wisdom , common sense and awareness of market forces .

The Law Society prescribes the legal education and training required to qualify as a solicitor .
the law society prescribes the legal education and training [] to qualify as a solicitor .

If your training contract starts in 1994 , you will be required to take the Professional Skills Course which will cover the areas of accounts , investment business , personal work management , professional conduct and advocacy .
if your training contract starts in 1994 , you will be [] to take the professional skills course which will cover the areas of accounts , investment business , personal work management , professional conduct and advocacy .

The law is continually changing , and solicitors are required to undertake continuing education as long as they practise .
the law is continually changing , and solicitors are [] to undertake continuing education as long as they practise .

Firms range from commercial practices of well over 100 partners giving a general legal service to large , corporate clients , to small , independent high street solicitors , occasionally a  sole practitioner  , who provide local people with the services required .
firms range from commercial practices of well over 100 partners giving a general legal service to large , corporate clients , to small , independent high street solicitors , occasionally a  sole practitioner  , who provide local people with the services [] .

You would be expected , often at a very short notice , to deal with the legal problems and issues arising from all the support services required for the operation of the employer 's business such as the marketing and advertising of products and services .
you would be expected , often at a very short notice , to deal with the legal problems and issues arising from all the support services [] for the operation of the employer 's business such as the marketing and advertising of products and services .

Most people train in private practices , as not many in-house legal departments currently offer the breadth of experience required before admission as a solicitor .
most people train in private practices , as not many in-house legal departments currently offer the breadth of experience [] before admission as a solicitor .

They are required by the Law Society 's Training Regulations to provide experience in articles in a number of recognised areas of the law to give you the training necessary to qualify as a solicitor .
they are [] by the law society 's training regulations to provide experience in articles in a number of recognised areas of the law to give you the training necessary to qualify as a solicitor .

The professional bodies believe that the Lord Chancellor 's proposed reduction in legal aid eligibility and to the Green Form are particularly damaging ways of making the savings required .
the professional bodies believe that the lord chancellor 's proposed reduction in legal aid eligibility and to the green form are particularly damaging ways of making the savings [] .

The Securities and Investments Board 's Conduct of Business Rules sets a lower standard and allow agents to keep commission , though they are required to disclose the fact that it has been received .
the securities and investments board 's conduct of business rules sets a lower standard and allow agents to keep commission , though they are [] to disclose the fact that it has been received .

If a dispute arose , would a court take the view that the fiduciary/agent had done all that was required by disclosure , or would it say that the general law still applied and that the fiduciary had to account as well ?
if a dispute arose , would a court take the view that the fiduciary/agent had done all that was [] by disclosure , or would it say that the general law still applied and that the fiduciary had to account as well ?

The Lord chancellor 's proposals , contained in Regulations due to come into effect on 12th April , would potentially affect about 1214 million adults : some would cease to be eligible for legal aid ; some would have to pay much more than at present ; and some would be required to pay a contribution for the first time .
the lord chancellor 's proposals , contained in regulations due to come into effect on 12th april , would potentially affect about 1214 million adults : some would cease to be eligible for legal aid ; some would have to pay much more than at present ; and some would be [] to pay a contribution for the first time .

Never the less , it is a basic principle of English law that a person is innocent until proven guilty and should not be required to attempt to prove their innocence by having to explain their actions .
never the less , it is a basic principle of english law that a person is innocent until proven guilty and should not be [] to attempt to prove their innocence by having to explain their actions .

They aim to put in writing in a clear and precise form  similar to job descriptions covering many thousands of other jobs around the country  the duties and qualities required to be judge .
they aim to put in writing in a clear and precise form  similar to job descriptions covering many thousands of other jobs around the country  the duties and qualities [] to be judge .

If the Lord Chancellor were to adopt open and public criteria for judges along the lines proposed , it would mean that for the first time candidates would know clearly what standards were required , and performance of the judiciary could be measured against them .
if the lord chancellor were to adopt open and public criteria for judges along the lines proposed , it would mean that for the first time candidates would know clearly what standards were [] , and performance of the judiciary could be measured against them .

Attending external events , and giving training , including giving speeches where required to do so , thereby contributing to public understanding of the judiciary .
attending external events , and giving training , including giving speeches where [] to do so , thereby contributing to public understanding of the judiciary .

An enabling role , required to establish co-operation between all parties .
an enabling role , [] to establish co-operation between all parties .

to create the teams required and plan their integration with the other two Divisions ;
to create the teams [] and plan their integration with the other two divisions ;

If he was leading up some further project which required her co-operation , the answer would be no .
if he was leading up some further project which [] her co-operation , the answer would be no .

When your hard drive is nearing capacity and you need to delete a few directories to install your new 5meg program it is not that easy to decide which directories to archive and delete to achieve the required disk space .
when your hard drive is nearing capacity and you need to delete a few directories to install your new 5meg program it is not that easy to decide which directories to archive and delete to achieve the [] disk space .

Disk Mirror is useful when copying large disks from one drive to another , especially over a network , as you can copy only the required directories .
disk mirror is useful when copying large disks from one drive to another , especially over a network , as you can copy only the [] directories .

The whole thing works quite well , displaying the form on screen so that you can indicate the position of fields which are required to be filled .
the whole thing works quite well , displaying the form on screen so that you can indicate the position of fields which are [] to be filled .

The guitar teacher is a program containing hundreds of chord charts showing the finger positions required to form chords .
the guitar teacher is a program containing hundreds of chord charts showing the finger positions [] to form chords .

An excellent , friendly , menu driven text editor with colourful , well laid out screens and all the facilities required by novice to intermediate users .
an excellent , friendly , menu driven text editor with colourful , well laid out screens and all the facilities [] by novice to intermediate users .

Instead counting required extra statements ( those indicated in Step 9 by the black background ) to be inserted into the macro .
instead counting [] extra statements ( those indicated in step 9 by the black background ) to be inserted into the macro .

The programs required would fit comfortably on 20 megabytes of the harddisk , so a 40Mb drive would be adequate for the task and leave plenty of storage space for current files .
the programs [] would fit comfortably on 20 megabytes of the harddisk , so a 40mb drive would be adequate for the task and leave plenty of storage space for current files .

One or two of the instructions are ambiguous , some of the parts do not fit together as they are supposed to and more than a little initiative is required to complete the project .
one or two of the instructions are ambiguous , some of the parts do not fit together as they are supposed to and more than a little initiative is [] to complete the project .

Illustrations and photographs can be maximised to full screen size if required , or set up to load as a full screen image every time instead of just half screen .
illustrations and photographs can be maximised to full screen size if [] , or set up to load as a full screen image every time instead of just half screen .

Help fields can be added to the database if required .
help fields can be added to the database if [] .

+ No programming ability required
+ no programming ability []

When loading a new program you may see from the instructions that a certain amount of base ( or conventional ) , high , expanded , or extended memory is required .
when loading a new program you may see from the instructions that a certain amount of base ( or conventional ) , high , expanded , or extended memory is [] .

To read a complex spreadsheet was something that required not a little experience , but these days , it 's the presentation and ease of use of the spreadsheet that is being sold .
to read a complex spreadsheet was something that [] not a little experience , but these days , it 's the presentation and ease of use of the spreadsheet that is being sold .

Also requested is the number of fish caught this trip , the location , and the general conditions mentioned above , though any of these may be excluded as required .
also requested is the number of fish caught this trip , the location , and the general conditions mentioned above , though any of these may be excluded as [] .

There is minimal documentation on the disk , but , since the program is menu-driven , little explanation is required .
there is minimal documentation on the disk , but , since the program is menu-driven , little explanation is [] .

no typing required .
no typing [] .

This means that the number of dots per square inch are much smaller and the amount of processing required by the sending fax machine is much less .
this means that the number of dots per square inch are much smaller and the amount of processing [] by the sending fax machine is much less .

It has this name because it enables you to alter the order of slides  you just drag them to their required positions .
it has this name because it enables you to alter the order of slides  you just drag them to their [] positions .

You can edit your slide if required in Slide Editor view .
you can edit your slide if [] in slide editor view .

But the computer power required to turn all those dots and squiggles you call your handwriting into meaningful computer data has meant that most pen based computers have been incredibly expensive .
but the computer power [] to turn all those dots and squiggles you call your handwriting into meaningful computer data has meant that most pen based computers have been incredibly expensive .

If you are using a full 24 bit colour photo-retouching or vector graphics drawing program on a system which can only display 16 or 256 colours Windows will attempt to represent all the screen colours required .
if you are using a full 24 bit colour photo-retouching or vector graphics drawing program on a system which can only display 16 or 256 colours windows will attempt to represent all the screen colours [] .

Electronic Mail ( E-mail ) is probably the least easy to configure under Mainlan , and indeed it took me a while to sort out exactly what was required to get a sensible system running .
electronic mail ( e-mail ) is probably the least easy to configure under mainlan , and indeed it took me a while to sort out exactly what was [] to get a sensible system running .

No hard disk required
no hard disk []

From this screen it is also possible to select which instruments are printed on the score , displayed on the screen and those required as separate printed parts .
from this screen it is also possible to select which instruments are printed on the score , displayed on the screen and those [] as separate printed parts .

When an item is cut , it is copied to the clipboard where it can , if required , be replaced , re-positioned or used in another Windows application .
when an item is cut , it is copied to the clipboard where it can , if [] , be replaced , re-positioned or used in another windows application .

The Clipboard contents may , however , be copied to a file and reloaded into the Clipboard as required .
the clipboard contents may , however , be copied to a file and reloaded into the clipboard as [] .

The fonts are compatible with all Word Processors , Presentation packages , Desk Top Publishing software and related applications running under Windows 3.1 , providing easy access to a whole range of different typefaces as and when required .
the fonts are compatible with all word processors , presentation packages , desk top publishing software and related applications running under windows 3.1 , providing easy access to a whole range of different typefaces as and when [] .

Given that it is unobtrusive though , and it is possible to obtain a very concise response to a query , rather than having to read through quite a lot of text before finding the required information , it will at the very least save some time .
given that it is unobtrusive though , and it is possible to obtain a very concise response to a query , rather than having to read through quite a lot of text before finding the [] information , it will at the very least save some time .

Disk Space required  Megabytes of disk space required for application , increasingly important as some applications may even require a storage upgrade !
disk space []  megabytes of disk space [] for application , increasingly important as some applications may even require a storage upgrade !

The version of the formula required is :
the version of the formula [] is :

The whole thing works quite well , displaying the form on screen so that you can indicate the position of fields which are required to be filled .
the whole thing works quite well , displaying the form on screen so that you can indicate the position of fields which are [] to be filled .

The lower levels are initial introductions to the skills required , each cleverly put together so that you must learn the relevant block-shifting and matching techniques .
the lower levels are initial introductions to the skills [] , each cleverly put together so that you must learn the relevant block-shifting and matching techniques .

You see , data files are just dumb chunks of information , parts of which are read into memory as required .
you see , data files are just dumb chunks of information , parts of which are read into memory as [] .

The main menu ( fig 6 ) presents some options additional to starting the text analysis , and figure 7 shows the next screen where a request is made for input specifying the required forms of output and the text file specification .
the main menu ( fig 6 ) presents some options additional to starting the text analysis , and figure 7 shows the next screen where a request is made for input specifying the [] forms of output and the text file specification .

Hard disk space required : variable
hard disk space [] : variable

Hard drive space required : 2403k
hard drive space [] : 2403k

Headers and footers can also be turned off when not required .
headers and footers can also be turned off when not [] .

Hard disk space required : 1212k
hard disk space [] : 1212k

Hard disk space required : 1429k
hard disk space [] : 1429k

Hard disk space required : 318k
hard disk space [] : 318k

Hard disk space required : minimal
hard disk space [] : minimal

Hard disk space required : variable
hard disk space [] : variable

Hard disk space required : 159k
hard disk space [] : 159k

Hard disk space required : variable
hard disk space [] : variable

In order to display a date in 1-2-3 you need to set a date format . The command required to do this is : /Range , Format , Date
in order to display a date in 1-2-3 you need to set a date format . the command [] to do this is : /range , format , date

Typing in date and time formats is tedious so the next logical steps for any reader whose spreadsheet requires this primitive method of date entry ( i.e 1-2-3 Release 2. x , AsEasyAs , SuperCalc 5 and so on ) would be to write a couple of simple keystrokes macros so that you could reduce the typing required to the minimum .
typing in date and time formats is tedious so the next logical steps for any reader whose spreadsheet requires this primitive method of date entry ( i.e 1-2-3 release 2. x , aseasyas , supercalc 5 and so on ) would be to write a couple of simple keystrokes macros so that you could reduce the typing [] to the minimum .

All that 's really required is some software that controls how your documents are printed , and to whom .
all that 's really [] is some software that controls how your documents are printed , and to whom .

Now PowerPoint has all the features required by up-to-date presentation software  including a comprehensive range of slide templates .
now powerpoint has all the features [] by up-to-date presentation software  including a comprehensive range of slide templates .

Fogerty , 23 , appears as a South African boxer  a role which required him to join the actors ' union Equity .
fogerty , 23 , appears as a south african boxer  a role which [] him to join the actors ' union equity .

What 's unique about Edhi 's centres are that the people in them are required to carry out all the daily chores and maintenance .
what 's unique about edhi 's centres are that the people in them are [] to carry out all the daily chores and maintenance .

The technical training department is currently working on the issue of competency assurance which is required by the new Safety Case Regulations .
the technical training department is currently working on the issue of competency assurance which is [] by the new safety case regulations .

 Yes , as to the type of thing required . 
 yes , as to the type of thing [] . 

Participants are now also required to take part in a three part training programme .
participants are now also [] to take part in a three part training programme .

She spun the tape on and a polite Scottish voice informed her that her services were required by an independent television company about to start work on a drama based on the oil business , to be set largely around Aberdeen .
she spun the tape on and a polite scottish voice informed her that her services were [] by an independent television company about to start work on a drama based on the oil business , to be set largely around aberdeen .

Love was too complicated an emotion for him ; it required too much staying power .
love was too complicated an emotion for him ; it [] too much staying power .

On the other hand , lifting a genuine wineglass a few feet in the air by sheer mental energy required several hours of systematic preparation if the wizard wished to prevent the simple principle of leverage flicking his brain out through his ears .
on the other hand , lifting a genuine wineglass a few feet in the air by sheer mental energy [] several hours of systematic preparation if the wizard wished to prevent the simple principle of leverage flicking his brain out through his ears .

What was intended she would know in due course , and whatever she was required to do would be made clear .
what was intended she would know in due course , and whatever she was [] to do would be made clear .

Therefore , employers are now required to apply a risk assessment score to specific situations , and also to implement measures that will address the identified risks .
therefore , employers are now [] to apply a risk assessment score to specific situations , and also to implement measures that will address the identified risks .

Practical advice should be given on the immediate treatment required following an accident .
practical advice should be given on the immediate treatment [] following an accident .

An epiphysis may be defined as  a cartilaginous area present at each end of every long bone of the limbs , on the upper and lower faces of the vertebral bodies and in certain other locations where special processes are required for the attachment of muscles  ( Watson & Lowrey , 19512 ) .
an epiphysis may be defined as  a cartilaginous area present at each end of every long bone of the limbs , on the upper and lower faces of the vertebral bodies and in certain other locations where special processes are [] for the attachment of muscles  ( watson & lowrey , 19512 ) .

The technician is required to introduce cardiopulmonary resuscitation after legal death since the continued oxygenation of tissues is vital for successful cryonic suspension .
the technician is [] to introduce cardiopulmonary resuscitation after legal death since the continued oxygenation of tissues is vital for successful cryonic suspension .

 Certainly the play advocates a continuation of the war , as plays nowadays are required to do ,  said Deems , folding his hands and placing them gently on the table before him , as if to show that he concealed nothing .
 certainly the play advocates a continuation of the war , as plays nowadays are [] to do ,  said deems , folding his hands and placing them gently on the table before him , as if to show that he concealed nothing .

They are required to work and it is an offence to refuse to work .
they are [] to work and it is an offence to refuse to work .

The work which convicted prisoners are required to do is often meaningless and degrading .
the work which convicted prisoners are [] to do is often meaningless and degrading .

Such was this sailor 's quality of draughtsmanship that he had to develop a technique of etching and aquatinting to multiply the number of views required to satisfy the demand .
such was this sailor 's quality of draughtsmanship that he had to develop a technique of etching and aquatinting to multiply the number of views [] to satisfy the demand .

The concert required considerable stamina from both players , as they were on the platform virtually throughout the concert , with Craig alternating between the organ and harpsichord continuo parts and Paul playing orchestral parts when he was not playing solo .
the concert [] considerable stamina from both players , as they were on the platform virtually throughout the concert , with craig alternating between the organ and harpsichord continuo parts and paul playing orchestral parts when he was not playing solo .

Motion is not required .
motion is not [] .

Second , specialised and powerful processing technology is required to handle the retrieval , processing and display of the high volumes of information .
second , specialised and powerful processing technology is [] to handle the retrieval , processing and display of the high volumes of information .

Third , in addition to text and numerics , output and display architecture has to be capable of delivering both sound and images to the required standards of any given application .
third , in addition to text and numerics , output and display architecture has to be capable of delivering both sound and images to the [] standards of any given application .

The second approach is  off-line  , based on the use of stored digital information which is retrieved and processed as required by the user .
the second approach is  off-line  , based on the use of stored digital information which is retrieved and processed as [] by the user .

There is the difficulty of finding a big enough storage medium to hold all the required data and there is the problem of retrieving large volumes of data from the storage medium fast enough to update the screen for moving information .
there is the difficulty of finding a big enough storage medium to hold all the [] data and there is the problem of retrieving large volumes of data from the storage medium fast enough to update the screen for moving information .

Even with careful design , the time taken to wind tape back and forth to locate required information , makes it laborious and frustrating to use , even in the simplest applications .
even with careful design , the time taken to wind tape back and forth to locate [] information , makes it laborious and frustrating to use , even in the simplest applications .

The process of locating and retrieving required information from the disc is carried out by a microcomputer linked to a laser disc player or by microcomputing power built into the player itself .
the process of locating and retrieving [] information from the disc is carried out by a microcomputer linked to a laser disc player or by microcomputing power built into the player itself .

This means that according to the choices made by the user , a particular pathway is followed through the information , with the computer drawing as required on the text , sound , still images and moving video stored on the disc .
this means that according to the choices made by the user , a particular pathway is followed through the information , with the computer drawing as [] on the text , sound , still images and moving video stored on the disc .

This simple calculation is of course incorrect  First , it ignores the infrastructure necessary to support the trainer ( let alone the training of trainers themselves ) which doubles or triples the resources required .
this simple calculation is of course incorrect  first , it ignores the infrastructure necessary to support the trainer ( let alone the training of trainers themselves ) which doubles or triples the resources [] .

The video window would also enable them to study relevant documents together , if required .
the video window would also enable them to study relevant documents together , if [] .

There are clear technical issues such as the data transfer and memory implications of addressing much higher levels of display definition than are generally required today , particularly , of course , in consumer environments .
there are clear technical issues such as the data transfer and memory implications of addressing much higher levels of display definition than are generally [] today , particularly , of course , in consumer environments .

Clinton ordered agencies with facilities that release toxic pollutants , including military bases and research laboratories , to develop a plan to reduce their output by half by 1999 , and to report them to the public as private companies are now required to do .
clinton ordered agencies with facilities that release toxic pollutants , including military bases and research laboratories , to develop a plan to reduce their output by half by 1999 , and to report them to the public as private companies are now [] to do .

An original and four copies are required , each accompanied by artwork .
an original and four copies are [] , each accompanied by artwork .

If photographs are included , five sets of originals are required ; for line drawings , one set of originals and four good-quality photocopies are acceptable .
if photographs are included , five sets of originals are [] ; for line drawings , one set of originals and four good-quality photocopies are acceptable .

Five copies of revised and resubmitted manuscripts , labelled with their manuscript numbers are required , together with five copies of a letter detailing the changes made .
five copies of revised and resubmitted manuscripts , labelled with their manuscript numbers are [] , together with five copies of a letter detailing the changes made .

Newton worried about that when his theory of gravitation required apparently instantaneous interaction between two distant objects .
newton worried about that when his theory of gravitation [] apparently instantaneous interaction between two distant objects .

Artificial fertilizer application , associated with higher yielding wheat , is also now a feature of the system and is required to cope with the growth in population .
artificial fertilizer application , associated with higher yielding wheat , is also now a feature of the system and is [] to cope with the growth in population .

For example , related experiments which measure elastic collision cross-sections of ultracold caesium atoms point to the feasibility of using evaporative cooling of magnetically trapped caesium to reach the temperatures required for the observation of the much-sought Bose-Einstein condensation of atoms .
for example , related experiments which measure elastic collision cross-sections of ultracold caesium atoms point to the feasibility of using evaporative cooling of magnetically trapped caesium to reach the temperatures [] for the observation of the much-sought bose-einstein condensation of atoms .

Widespread BIFs , such as those of the Hamersley Basin in Australia , would seem to have required massive and persistent microbial blooms to yield the tremendous quantity and uniformity of iron deposition within the basin .
widespread bifs , such as those of the hamersley basin in australia , would seem to have [] massive and persistent microbial blooms to yield the tremendous quantity and uniformity of iron deposition within the basin .

( If so , then considerably higher rates of primary production would be required to sustain the iron deposition rates calculated for BIFs . )
( if so , then considerably higher rates of primary production would be [] to sustain the iron deposition rates calculated for bifs . )

The initial estimate was based partly on the time required for radioactive heating to cause the subducted oceanic crust and sediment to become buoyant and rise .
the initial estimate was based partly on the time [] for radioactive heating to cause the subducted oceanic crust and sediment to become buoyant and rise .

This ensures that only small quantities of non-solvent are required to precipitate the polymer in method 1 , and that the temperature changes required in method 2 are small .
this ensures that only small quantities of non-solvent are [] to precipitate the polymer in method 1 , and that the temperature changes [] in method 2 are small .

The main disadvantage of the method lies in the long periods of time required to reach equilibrium .
the main disadvantage of the method lies in the long periods of time [] to reach equilibrium .

Armed with this information we must now determine how meaningful it is and to do this a clearer understanding of the factors governing the shape of the polymer is required .
armed with this information we must now determine how meaningful it is and to do this a clearer understanding of the factors governing the shape of the polymer is [] .

Symmetrical chains which allow the regular close packing required for crystallite formation .
symmetrical chains which allow the regular close packing [] for crystallite formation .

This is presumably a result of the flexibility of the chain which allows extensive convolution thereby impeding stabilization of the required long range alignment .
this is presumably a result of the flexibility of the chain which allows extensive convolution thereby impeding stabilization of the [] long range alignment .

In this state , the chains are highly entangled , and as sufficient time must be allowed for the chains to diffuse into the three-dimensional order required for crystallite formation , the crystalline perfection of the sample is affected by the thermal history .
in this state , the chains are highly entangled , and as sufficient time must be allowed for the chains to diffuse into the three-dimensional order [] for crystallite formation , the crystalline perfection of the sample is affected by the thermal history .

For crystallite formation in a polymer , easy close-packing of the chains in a regular three-dimensional fashion is required .
for crystallite formation in a polymer , easy close-packing of the chains in a regular three-dimensional fashion is [] .

This means that there is no significant reordering of the chain conformation when crystallization takes place after cooling from the melt , which would be required if a regularly folded chain structure was to be constructed in the lamellae .
this means that there is no significant reordering of the chain conformation when crystallization takes place after cooling from the melt , which would be [] if a regularly folded chain structure was to be constructed in the lamellae .

As independent chain mobility can not be discounted for these longer chains after the onset of entanglement , a modified model is required to account for the ability of long chains to translate and diffuse through the polymer matrix , i.e .
as independent chain mobility can not be discounted for these longer chains after the onset of entanglement , a modified model is [] to account for the ability of long chains to translate and diffuse through the polymer matrix , i.e .

The motion can be characterized by a reptation time , or more accurately by a relaxation time ,  , that is a measure of the time required for a chain to escape completely from its tube . If the tube is defined as having the same length as the unperturbed chain , nl o , where l o is the bond length under  conditions ( corrected for short range interactions ) , then the time required for the chain to reptate out of the tube is proportional to the square of the distance travelled , i.e.
the motion can be characterized by a reptation time , or more accurately by a relaxation time ,  , that is a measure of the time [] for a chain to escape completely from its tube . if the tube is defined as having the same length as the unperturbed chain , nl o , where l o is the bond length under  conditions ( corrected for short range interactions ) , then the time [] for the chain to reptate out of the tube is proportional to the square of the distance travelled , i.e.

Stress-relaxation experiments involve the measurement of the force required to maintain the deformation produced initially by an applied stress as a function of time .
stress-relaxation experiments involve the measurement of the force [] to maintain the deformation produced initially by an applied stress as a function of time .

As the stress is normally observed to reach a maximum as soon as the material deforms and then decreases thereafter , it is necessary to alter this continually in order to maintain a constant deformation or measure the stress that would be required to accomplish this operation .
as the stress is normally observed to reach a maximum as soon as the material deforms and then decreases thereafter , it is necessary to alter this continually in order to maintain a constant deformation or measure the stress that would be [] to accomplish this operation .

In more realistic terms , there is a distribution of relaxation times and a continuous distribution function can be derived , if required .
in more realistic terms , there is a distribution of relaxation times and a continuous distribution function can be derived , if [] .

Between them , they do everything that is required to keep a large factory mechanically sound , safe from the elements and all services running .
between them , they do everything that is [] to keep a large factory mechanically sound , safe from the elements and all services running .

The equipment ( hardware ) required for computer mapping can be divided into two kinds : that required to  capture  cartographic data from existing maps and that required to display newly-derived maps .
the equipment ( hardware ) [] for computer mapping can be divided into two kinds : that [] to  capture  cartographic data from existing maps and that [] to display newly-derived maps .

No algorithm is yet capable of deciding on a feature code for the line being followed , so the operator is also required to add feature codes describing each line ( for example as a motorway , a pylon line or a county boundary ) .
no algorithm is yet capable of deciding on a feature code for the line being followed , so the operator is also [] to add feature codes describing each line ( for example as a motorway , a pylon line or a county boundary ) .

Elective 5 : as elective 4 except that the maximum required value is specified .
elective 5 : as elective 4 except that the maximum [] value is specified .

This means that the user does not hag to specify that a legend is required , nor is it necessary to give any detailed instructions on the placement of the legend .
this means that the user does not hag to specify that a legend is [] , nor is it necessary to give any detailed instructions on the placement of the legend .

However , the default can be overridden either by ( i ) specifically requesting that no legend be plotted or ( ii ) giving a complete specification of the required legend .
however , the default can be overridden either by ( i ) specifically requesting that no legend be plotted or ( ii ) giving a complete specification of the [] legend .

An example of the latter use might be where a sequence of maps showing alternative strategies ( such as routes for a motorway ) was required for demonstration purposes , for example at a public enquiry .
an example of the latter use might be where a sequence of maps showing alternative strategies ( such as routes for a motorway ) was [] for demonstration purposes , for example at a public enquiry .

Software is required in order to make the hardware work .
software is [] in order to make the hardware work .

The second stage of the geometric correction procedure involves the relocation of image pixel values to new positions which are required to achieve conformity between map and image .
the second stage of the geometric correction procedure involves the relocation of image pixel values to new positions which are [] to achieve conformity between map and image .

The map coordinates of the required pixel position are converted to image coordinates using the transform computed at stage one , and the pixel value on the raw image that is nearest to the computed image coordinate position is selected , as shown in figure 5.16 .
the map coordinates of the [] pixel position are converted to image coordinates using the transform computed at stage one , and the pixel value on the raw image that is nearest to the computed image coordinate position is selected , as shown in figure 5.16 .

This process is repeated for each required pixel position in the transformed image .
this process is repeated for each [] pixel position in the transformed image .

Given a raw Landsat image ( centre ) and a map of the area of interest ( left ) a corrected image , registered to the map , is required .
given a raw landsat image ( centre ) and a map of the area of interest ( left ) a corrected image , registered to the map , is [] .

First of all , no map can show all the attributes that may conceivably be required by a user .
first of all , no map can show all the attributes that may conceivably be [] by a user .

Thus , in order to answer a particular query maps showing geology , soils , transportation , elevation , slope , drainage lines , vegetation types , populations of towns and planning designations may be required .
thus , in order to answer a particular query maps showing geology , soils , transportation , elevation , slope , drainage lines , vegetation types , populations of towns and planning designations may be [] .

If the cartographic and tabular data could be stored in computer-readable form , then the speed of the computer could be used to select areas with the required characteristics , derive composite maps , and perform other operations that would be impossibly time-consuming if carried out by hand .
if the cartographic and tabular data could be stored in computer-readable form , then the speed of the computer could be used to select areas with the [] characteristics , derive composite maps , and perform other operations that would be impossibly time-consuming if carried out by hand .

The rows of the table could refer to any set of objects ( such as the cars produced by Rover ) and the columns to the properties of these objects ( for example the parts required in the manufacture of the cars ) .
the rows of the table could refer to any set of objects ( such as the cars produced by rover ) and the columns to the properties of these objects ( for example the parts [] in the manufacture of the cars ) .

If it were possible to store all the different types of primary data in computer-readable form then it would become feasible to use the speed of the computer to carry out the required searches , comparisons , overlays and numerical modelling .
if it were possible to store all the different types of primary data in computer-readable form then it would become feasible to use the speed of the computer to carry out the [] searches , comparisons , overlays and numerical modelling .

The others stood and smoked , or twitched or shrugged , or blinked , or nodded , or performed whatever other small compulsion their nervous systems required of them these days .
the others stood and smoked , or twitched or shrugged , or blinked , or nodded , or performed whatever other small compulsion their nervous systems [] of them these days .

It must be designed , engineered , produced and marketed to provide the user with the required quality in terms of performance , reliability and appearance , for its design life , at an acceptable price .
it must be designed , engineered , produced and marketed to provide the user with the [] quality in terms of performance , reliability and appearance , for its design life , at an acceptable price .

Departmental objectives are required to harmonize with these .
departmental objectives are [] to harmonize with these .

In the course of departmental planning to meet the demands of the corporate plan it is necessary to estimate the production costs and the sales volume that will be required to meet the income and profit targets for a given new product .
in the course of departmental planning to meet the demands of the corporate plan it is necessary to estimate the production costs and the sales volume that will be [] to meet the income and profit targets for a given new product .

The best answer to these requests is to ask , in turn , which less important project ( s ) will be dropped in order to release the required resources .
the best answer to these requests is to ask , in turn , which less important project ( s ) will be dropped in order to release the [] resources .

Explained how the required company revenue from new products is estimated .
explained how the [] company revenue from new products is estimated .

This is the money required to make up the difference between what the company can pay and what it owes at any one time or , in accounts department terms , net current assets minus current liabilities .
this is the money [] to make up the difference between what the company can pay and what it owes at any one time or , in accounts department terms , net current assets minus current liabilities .

The second-level decision required is whether or not to authorize further research or to abandon the project at decision node 2b .
the second-level decision [] is whether or not to authorize further research or to abandon the project at decision node 2b .

They specify locations and sizes of holes , with their respective tolerances and the finishes required .
they specify locations and sizes of holes , with their respective tolerances and the finishes [] .

The operation process chart is a summary of all required operations and inspections : it is a general plan for manufacture .
the operation process chart is a summary of all [] operations and inspections : it is a general plan for manufacture .

The remainder of the assembly will not now be required to tolerate as much dimensional variation in the first item , reducing the design difficulty and assembly costs .
the remainder of the assembly will not now be [] to tolerate as much dimensional variation in the first item , reducing the design difficulty and assembly costs .

Figure 7.8 illustrates the principles of statistical quality control leading to the most economic inspection technique for the degree of control required .
figure 7.8 illustrates the principles of statistical quality control leading to the most economic inspection technique for the degree of control [] .

As more is learned about its capabilities and applications , partly from user experience , design changes are required to exploit the findings and cater for individual user needs .
as more is learned about its capabilities and applications , partly from user experience , design changes are [] to exploit the findings and cater for individual user needs .

High supervision level would be required .
high supervision level would be [] .

Representatives of other functions such as marketing , finance , materials management , servicing and quality assurance are co-opted as required to deal with specific problems .
representatives of other functions such as marketing , finance , materials management , servicing and quality assurance are co-opted as [] to deal with specific problems .

The Directors are required by the Companies Act 1985 to prepare accounts in respect of each financial year that give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and the Group as at the end of the financial year and of the results for that period .
the directors are [] by the companies act 1985 to prepare accounts in respect of each financial year that give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and the group as at the end of the financial year and of the results for that period .

The Directors are also required to maintain adequate accounting records .
the directors are also [] to maintain adequate accounting records .

And if he required a tutor , Thorfinn could have found none better than the Normans , natives of a crowded , belligerent duchy full of strong young barons fighting for power .
and if he [] a tutor , thorfinn could have found none better than the normans , natives of a crowded , belligerent duchy full of strong young barons fighting for power .

Under the same sun , Thorfinn of Orkney and Alba had crossed the river and was riding north with a handful of men and a fresh horse collected , with all else he required , at Dunblane .
under the same sun , thorfinn of orkney and alba had crossed the river and was riding north with a handful of men and a fresh horse collected , with all else he [] , at dunblane .

The result was a whiplash neck that required him to wear a brace between performances and did not heal completely for three years .
the result was a whiplash neck that [] him to wear a brace between performances and did not heal completely for three years .

The breathtaking stunts sometimes required others to put their lives in his hands .
the breathtaking stunts sometimes [] others to put their lives in his hands .

Gould was immediately attracted to the art of lithography for the same reasons as Lear  the relative inexpensiveness of production and the lack of training required  but he also saw great potential for Lear 's large-size format and colourful plates , which could , Gould thought , if properly promoted and well managed , prove extremely lucrative .
gould was immediately attracted to the art of lithography for the same reasons as lear  the relative inexpensiveness of production and the lack of training []  but he also saw great potential for lear 's large-size format and colourful plates , which could , gould thought , if properly promoted and well managed , prove extremely lucrative .

Required from other sources 18.9
[] from other sources 18.9

No peering at various heights to see what my  eye  can manage to  see   but a really close examination , even to holding some paintings up to a better light when required .
no peering at various heights to see what my  eye  can manage to  see   but a really close examination , even to holding some paintings up to a better light when [] .

Despite the introduction of more advanced machinery at the Newbridge Hill maltings , stayed at Leakes Row , going to the new maltings only when required by plant engineer .
despite the introduction of more advanced machinery at the newbridge hill maltings , stayed at leakes row , going to the new maltings only when [] by plant engineer .

Monitor environmental statutory regulations to ensure that required standards are met .
monitor environmental statutory regulations to ensure that [] standards are met .

The fields became parched and brown and the cattle required additional concentrate feed much as they had done the previous year .
the fields became parched and brown and the cattle [] additional concentrate feed much as they had done the previous year .

Postcode  Remember  No stamp required
postcode  remember  no stamp []

Spoon into a 3 pint pudding basin , cover , and store in the freezer until required .
spoon into a 3 pint pudding basin , cover , and store in the freezer until [] .

This is no easy option as candidates are required to complete all four subjects in no more than three sittings .
this is no easy option as candidates are [] to complete all four subjects in no more than three sittings .

The Mercantile 's switch to Klea 134a is another step in a growing trend to phase out the use of CFCs which is required by 1995 under a world environmental agreement .
the mercantile 's switch to klea 134a is another step in a growing trend to phase out the use of cfcs which is [] by 1995 under a world environmental agreement .

Here , in the process of competition and play , juveniles are establishing the skills required in male adulthood .
here , in the process of competition and play , juveniles are establishing the skills [] in male adulthood .

The managers argue that these are required in order to guarantee a good service .
the managers argue that these are [] in order to guarantee a good service .

When required .
when [] .

Having retrieved the raw data , it needs to be transformed into the required information , perhaps by some preceding analysis work .
having retrieved the raw data , it needs to be transformed into the [] information , perhaps by some preceding analysis work .

The use of this network will be required in order to get things done .
the use of this network will be [] in order to get things done .

The types of information required will tend to be unpredictable and unstructured so that database access will need to be flexible .
the types of information [] will tend to be unpredictable and unstructured so that database access will need to be flexible .

Figure 2.5 shows the types of decision , figure 2.6 examples of the decisions , Figure 2.7 the types of information required to support this decision-making , and figure 2.8 examples of such information .
figure 2.5 shows the types of decision , figure 2.6 examples of the decisions , figure 2.7 the types of information [] to support this decision-making , and figure 2.8 examples of such information .

Much of the information required here will be predictable and internal .
much of the information [] here will be predictable and internal .

Fig. 2.7 Types of information required by retail company
fig. 2.7 types of information [] by retail company

Fig. 2.8 Examples of information required by retail company
fig. 2.8 examples of information [] by retail company

Clerical staff who may be required to input data into the system will be expected to train in order to use the system .
clerical staff who may be [] to input data into the system will be expected to train in order to use the system .

This would suggest that the chairman of the systems planning team would be the  executive responsible  , who would carry the required status .
this would suggest that the chairman of the systems planning team would be the  executive responsible  , who would carry the [] status .

Perform a cost-benefit analysis : identify intangible and tangible benefits and costs before putting in the required resources .
perform a cost-benefit analysis : identify intangible and tangible benefits and costs before putting in the [] resources .

This approach can be a good strategy where the information required by top management is fairly stable in terms of content , level of detail and frequency .
this approach can be a good strategy where the information [] by top management is fairly stable in terms of content , level of detail and frequency .

Sophisticated analysis and model building tools enable the data to be converted into the information required to support decision-making by , for example , testing individual and organisational assumptions and values ( discussed earlier in Section 2.3 on organisational culture ) .
sophisticated analysis and model building tools enable the data to be converted into the information [] to support decision-making by , for example , testing individual and organisational assumptions and values ( discussed earlier in section 2.3 on organisational culture ) .

lt is then classified and the relationships between the data elements are recorded for use when required .
lt is then classified and the relationships between the data elements are recorded for use when [] .

The algorithms required for most data processing are relatively simple .
the algorithms [] for most data processing are relatively simple .

Entities participate in functions of the organisation and the attributes are those data elements that are required to support the functions .
entities participate in functions of the organisation and the attributes are those data elements that are [] to support the functions .

In order to make the model flexible , the investigation will include reports likely to be required in the future .
in order to make the model flexible , the investigation will include reports likely to be [] in the future .

The relational algebra is also relationally complete , that is , it is possible to perform any data manipulation on the relations required by the user using one or more of the relational algebra operators .
the relational algebra is also relationally complete , that is , it is possible to perform any data manipulation on the relations [] by the user using one or more of the relational algebra operators .

They are set up each time when the operation is required at run time .
they are set up each time when the operation is [] at run time .

Users specify their needs rather than having to construct the procedures to retrieve the required data .
users specify their needs rather than having to construct the procedures to retrieve the [] data .

Sometimes it is necessary to include intermediate nodes , which do not actually represent records , but are included to maintain the correct hierarchical structure , so that they will be processed in the required order .
sometimes it is necessary to include intermediate nodes , which do not actually represent records , but are included to maintain the correct hierarchical structure , so that they will be processed in the [] order .

This is simple to create , but makes the retrieval of any particular record slow as the file has to be searched until the required record is found .
this is simple to create , but makes the retrieval of any particular record slow as the file has to be searched until the [] record is found .

The process of ( a ) searching the index to find the address of the required record , and then ( b ) going directly to that address , will be considerably faster than searching through all the records on a sequential file .
the process of ( a ) searching the index to find the address of the [] record , and then ( b ) going directly to that address , will be considerably faster than searching through all the records on a sequential file .

Four searches of the index table are required in order to find the address of record 30 .
four searches of the index table are [] in order to find the address of record 30 .

The address of the beginning of the relevant ( third ) block can then be found , located , and searched through sequentially until the required record is located .
the address of the beginning of the relevant ( third ) block can then be found , located , and searched through sequentially until the [] record is located .

Sometimes there is an overall key index , and pointers to the relative addresses of the particular key indexes are required to be searched .
sometimes there is an overall key index , and pointers to the relative addresses of the particular key indexes are [] to be searched .

The options are provided in the menu : the user has only to select the option required by pressing the appropriate key ( following the question mark ) .
the options are provided in the menu : the user has only to select the option [] by pressing the appropriate key ( following the question mark ) .

The user specifies the option required by pointing the mouse to the icon and pressing a button on the mouse to activate that process .
the user specifies the option [] by pointing the mouse to the icon and pressing a button on the mouse to activate that process .

Sets of data which may be required in a number of applications need not be collected more than once .
sets of data which may be [] in a number of applications need not be collected more than once .

Systems analysis could be described as  what is  and  what is required  whilst systems design is  what could be  .
systems analysis could be described as  what is  and  what is []  whilst systems design is  what could be  .

New nominations will be submitted by the Thursday , under the same procedure and with the same arrangements for consultation as described in paragraphs 49 for the first ballot , both for the original candidates if required and for any other candidates .
new nominations will be submitted by the thursday , under the same procedure and with the same arrangements for consultation as described in paragraphs 49 for the first ballot , both for the original candidates if [] and for any other candidates .

Meeting in Luxembourg which required the attendance of both the Prime Minister and myself , and in an important improvement in Anglo-Soviet relations , Andrei Gromyko , the Soviet Foreign Minister , had accepted my invitation to pay an official visit to London-his first for some years-for discussions on East-West relations and bilateral affairs .
meeting in luxembourg which [] the attendance of both the prime minister and myself , and in an important improvement in anglo-soviet relations , andrei gromyko , the soviet foreign minister , had accepted my invitation to pay an official visit to london-his first for some years-for discussions on east-west relations and bilateral affairs .

MacDonald told him that if he had tried to stop it , there would have been a riot , and that it had required all his influence to prevent his followers from singing the  Red Flag  in the House of Commons itself on the night the Baldwin Government fell .
macdonald told him that if he had tried to stop it , there would have been a riot , and that it had [] all his influence to prevent his followers from singing the  red flag  in the house of commons itself on the night the baldwin government fell .

 Good Lord , we 're just required to report what he told them , no question of   But there was doubt in his voice .
 good lord , we 're just [] to report what he told them , no question of   but there was doubt in his voice .

One writer in 1766 even went so far as to propose that canals be required to end short of their planned destinations .
one writer in 1766 even went so far as to propose that canals be [] to end short of their planned destinations .

The eighteenth-century English economy both shifted an astonishing percentage of its working population away from agriculture and came to rely on importing many of the raw materials it required .
the eighteenth-century english economy both shifted an astonishing percentage of its working population away from agriculture and came to rely on importing many of the raw materials it [] .

Alternatively , try to find the sort of rectangular table that can also double as a long desk or work table when required .
alternatively , try to find the sort of rectangular table that can also double as a long desk or work table when [] .

It may be that all that is required is a little lateral thinking .
it may be that all that is [] is a little lateral thinking .

If you lead a hectically busy life , a microwave oven can be a real life- and time-saver , cooking food in a fraction of the time required by a normal oven .
if you lead a hectically busy life , a microwave oven can be a real life- and time-saver , cooking food in a fraction of the time [] by a normal oven .

For example , if you use what was the dining room for a work room/study as well , you should either have a round table which can be piled with books when necessary , a table set off-centre , or a drop-leaf table that can be pulled out and set up in the centre of the room as required .
for example , if you use what was the dining room for a work room/study as well , you should either have a round table which can be piled with books when necessary , a table set off-centre , or a drop-leaf table that can be pulled out and set up in the centre of the room as [] .

He spent most of his time with his godmother , which left Theda free to do some long-neglected tasks for herself , for her meagre wardrobe of old  and some cast-off  clothing required frequent mending , and , there being so little service , she must wash her linen herself .
he spent most of his time with his godmother , which left theda free to do some long-neglected tasks for herself , for her meagre wardrobe of old  and some cast-off  clothing [] frequent mending , and , there being so little service , she must wash her linen herself .

The band would be required to eat , in the kitchen , cheaper food than that offered the guests : be offered beer if the guests had wine , wine if they had champagne .
the band would be [] to eat , in the kitchen , cheaper food than that offered the guests : be offered beer if the guests had wine , wine if they had champagne .

The police were called and required the protesters to go home , in the name of religious freedom .
the police were called and [] the protesters to go home , in the name of religious freedom .

The more he required her to talk about herself the more he longed for her to ask him about himself .
the more he [] her to talk about herself the more he longed for her to ask him about himself .

On the other hand it was necessary to acquire an elementary understanding of the issues involved , examine previous work on measuring the required parameters and in particular learn something about canopy structure so as to assess the extent to which it would need to be taken into consideration .
on the other hand it was necessary to acquire an elementary understanding of the issues involved , examine previous work on measuring the [] parameters and in particular learn something about canopy structure so as to assess the extent to which it would need to be taken into consideration .

Its suitability of for measuring plant growth in the way required here is discussed in Chapter 2 .
its suitability of for measuring plant growth in the way [] here is discussed in chapter 2 .

The  Snap  camera was used with the supplied software , ( not suitable as it stood for the required measuring instrument ) .
the  snap  camera was used with the supplied software , ( not suitable as it stood for the [] measuring instrument ) .

The amount of processing power likely to be required indicated a sixteen bit processor .
the amount of processing power likely to be [] indicated a sixteen bit processor .

The required options for a full investigation were seen at this stage to be as in the following list : 
the [] options for a full investigation were seen at this stage to be as in the following list : 

It was decided to retain the original definition and possibly conduct further tests at some future time , when the obtainable accuracy and required conditions were better understood .
it was decided to retain the original definition and possibly conduct further tests at some future time , when the obtainable accuracy and [] conditions were better understood .

If this option is chosen , or automatically following Option 0 , the user is required first to provide a dark background  preferably of the same material as will be used as a background to the subject and then a light background ( not necessarily white ) .
if this option is chosen , or automatically following option 0 , the user is [] first to provide a dark background  preferably of the same material as will be used as a background to the subject and then a light background ( not necessarily white ) .

When user action is required a beep is also generated .
when user action is [] a beep is also generated .

No user action is required here .
no user action is [] here .

First the user must input the area of the reference card in square millimetres and the required order of averaging .
first the user must input the area of the reference card in square millimetres and the [] order of averaging .

No other user action is required here .
no other user action is [] here .

Level 2  allows the field of view to be found , if required .
level 2  allows the field of view to be found , if [] .

The procedure works by requiring the user to present the edge of a light card , ( the lower edge if the horizontal sides of the view field are being sought , the righthand edge if the vertical sides are required ) .
the procedure works by requiring the user to present the edge of a light card , ( the lower edge if the horizontal sides of the view field are being sought , the righthand edge if the vertical sides are [] ) .

Outputs the number specified to the mini-printer or data-collecting device , in the required format .
outputs the number specified to the mini-printer or data-collecting device , in the [] format .

The case in which the reference levels are reset has been triggered on numerous occasions , as has the debugging version in which user action is required every measurement .
the case in which the reference levels are reset has been triggered on numerous occasions , as has the debugging version in which user action is [] every measurement .

The growth cabinet is subject to frequent visits by technicians doing work required by other experiments .
the growth cabinet is subject to frequent visits by technicians doing work [] by other experiments .

As with acid rain and ozone depletion , international co-ordination of government policy is required to tackle the free rider problem .
as with acid rain and ozone depletion , international co-ordination of government policy is [] to tackle the free rider problem .

Only about 20 per cent of local government revenue was being raised from households actually required to pay rates .
only about 20 per cent of local government revenue was being raised from households actually [] to pay rates .

Thus , the population as a whole should require only a small risk premium , much smaller than that required by executives in an individual company who may face personal disaster if the project turns sour .
thus , the population as a whole should require only a small risk premium , much smaller than that [] by executives in an individual company who may face personal disaster if the project turns sour .

Sometimes , however , a sharp shock is required to signal the extent of the adjustment eventually required and the government 's commitment to seeing that adjustment is actually made .
sometimes , however , a sharp shock is [] to signal the extent of the adjustment eventually [] and the government 's commitment to seeing that adjustment is actually made .

Private shareholders in Concorde would have required a high expected return to entice them into such a risky project .
private shareholders in concorde would have [] a high expected return to entice them into such a risky project .

First , to the extent that nationalized natural monopolies made losses because marginal costs lay below average costs , the government became increasingly concerned about the social cost of the distortions introduced elsewhere by the taxes required to finance these losses .
first , to the extent that nationalized natural monopolies made losses because marginal costs lay below average costs , the government became increasingly concerned about the social cost of the distortions introduced elsewhere by the taxes [] to finance these losses .

The 1978 changes were ( 1 ) the introduction of a required real rate of return of 5 per cent , not on new investment projects , as the test discount rate implied , but on existing capital assets , and ( 2 ) the introduction of cash limits for each industry , a target profit or loss specified by the government in the light of the industry 's circumstances .
the 1978 changes were ( 1 ) the introduction of a [] real rate of return of 5 per cent , not on new investment projects , as the test discount rate implied , but on existing capital assets , and ( 2 ) the introduction of cash limits for each industry , a target profit or loss specified by the government in the light of the industry 's circumstances .

Workers could no longer rely on wage increases that would simply increase the industry 's losses and the government subsidy required .
workers could no longer rely on wage increases that would simply increase the industry 's losses and the government subsidy [] .

There was nothing for Hussey to do but bow before the wind with as good a grace as he might , profess his resolve to do all that was required of him-at whatever penal cost to himself , his martyred countenance implied  reverently kiss the prince 's hand , and withdraw to his plain , melancholy wife and his two fat manors up-river .
there was nothing for hussey to do but bow before the wind with as good a grace as he might , profess his resolve to do all that was [] of him-at whatever penal cost to himself , his martyred countenance implied  reverently kiss the prince 's hand , and withdraw to his plain , melancholy wife and his two fat manors up-river .

They debated unhappily , reluctant to commit themselves to an opinion , until John Prophet suggested sadly that in the circumstances it might be well to consult the archbishop of Canterbury , and in some relief they agreed on this course , and carried their problem that same afternoon to Lambeth ; where Thomas Arundel , on the force of whose word and influence they could rely , advised them , in consideration of the desperate need , to issue the required letters patent , and he would be responsible for defending their action to the king , should it need any defence .
they debated unhappily , reluctant to commit themselves to an opinion , until john prophet suggested sadly that in the circumstances it might be well to consult the archbishop of canterbury , and in some relief they agreed on this course , and carried their problem that same afternoon to lambeth ; where thomas arundel , on the force of whose word and influence they could rely , advised them , in consideration of the desperate need , to issue the [] letters patent , and he would be responsible for defending their action to the king , should it need any defence .

When it was pressed again , doggedly but almost blindly , he struck the questing sword expertly out of the hand that held it , with only the measured force required , and reached a hand eagerly to his adversary as he crumpled to his knees .
when it was pressed again , doggedly but almost blindly , he struck the questing sword expertly out of the hand that held it , with only the measured force [] , and reached a hand eagerly to his adversary as he crumpled to his knees .

Brief pauses are required in the speech to discriminate between different words .
brief pauses are [] in the speech to discriminate between different words .

If more than one attempt was required to guess the correct letter then the character is emboldened and the number of attempts shown as a subscript .
if more than one attempt was [] to guess the correct letter then the character is emboldened and the number of attempts shown as a subscript .

Of the 102 symbols , 79 were correctly guessed first time and only 8 symbols required more than 5 guesses .
of the 102 symbols , 79 were correctly guessed first time and only 8 symbols [] more than 5 guesses .

Alternate ways of communicating with computers are required which do not require a keyboard .
alternate ways of communicating with computers are [] which do not require a keyboard .

Lexicons for such systems tend to be small and hand-crafted , reflecting the proprietary nature of lexicons and the difficulties in obtaining the required grammatical information .
lexicons for such systems tend to be small and hand-crafted , reflecting the proprietary nature of lexicons and the difficulties in obtaining the [] grammatical information .

Since  real world  applications require the lexicon to contain entries for tens of thousands of words it is also necessary to consider how large the available lexicon is , the format of the entries and how much effort would be required to create new entries .
since  real world  applications require the lexicon to contain entries for tens of thousands of words it is also necessary to consider how large the available lexicon is , the format of the entries and how much effort would be [] to create new entries .

Some method is required to organise the partial structures produced so that a more efficient parse is obtained .
some method is [] to organise the partial structures produced so that a more efficient parse is obtained .

Requirements may exist about the amount of memory that is required to run a system .
requirements may exist about the amount of memory that is [] to run a system .

Modification of such systems required a great deal of effort .
modification of such systems [] a great deal of effort .

Large lexicons are generally unable to reside in main-memory and the required information must be retrieved from disk .
large lexicons are generally unable to reside in main-memory and the [] information must be retrieved from disk .

The computational effort required to determine the syntactic information is excessive ( see below ) .
the computational effort [] to determine the syntactic information is excessive ( see below ) .

The major problems for the recognition application are the multitude of possible syntactic representations postulated by the look-up and the computation required .
the major problems for the recognition application are the multitude of possible syntactic representations postulated by the look-up and the computation [] .

The other problem is the amount of lexical checking that is required .
the other problem is the amount of lexical checking that is [] .

When an edge is completed then any partial edge immediately preceding it in the chart is examined to see if the newly completed edge is required for completion .
when an edge is completed then any partial edge immediately preceding it in the chart is examined to see if the newly completed edge is [] for completion .

If one considers that a practical vocabulary size will contain thousands of words then even with this assumptions the number of estimates required can become astronomical ( e.g .
if one considers that a practical vocabulary size will contain thousands of words then even with this assumptions the number of estimates [] can become astronomical ( e.g .

Two items of data are required to make this decision .
two items of data are [] to make this decision .

The rarity of such corpora reflects the effort required in the analysis .
the rarity of such corpora reflects the effort [] in the analysis .

The processing required to convert the typesetting format to a usable format was essentially iterative and needed to be performed with care .
the processing [] to convert the typesetting format to a usable format was essentially iterative and needed to be performed with care .

The space required to do this is prohibitive however .
the space [] to do this is prohibitive however .

The space required to store each of these as strings is prohibitive however .
the space [] to store each of these as strings is prohibitive however .

Firstly it is not guaranteed that the required information will be in the larger lexicon .
firstly it is not guaranteed that the [] information will be in the larger lexicon .

For a practical application it is necessary to take into account the amount of memory required to run the system and the rate at which processing is carried out .
for a practical application it is necessary to take into account the amount of memory [] to run the system and the rate at which processing is carried out .

If the third condition is satisfied then the required value for the trigram is stored in the i  j  k  value at that index .
if the third condition is satisfied then the [] value for the trigram is stored in the i  j  k  value at that index .

Information generated by other modules ( specifically the lexical lookup and compound processing modules ) is required for the syntactic analyser to function .
information generated by other modules ( specifically the lexical lookup and compound processing modules ) is [] for the syntactic analyser to function .

All that is required is that the information for five positions is retained at any one time .
all that is [] is that the information for five positions is retained at any one time .

As the lexicon storage increases , more processing is required at the lexical processing stage to validate character combinations .
as the lexicon storage increases , more processing is [] at the lexical processing stage to validate character combinations .

For this application syntactic processing is required to determine exactly where in the output to correctly specify prosody .
for this application syntactic processing is [] to determine exactly where in the output to correctly specify prosody .

In contrast to more detailed parsing systems this required few resources and was able to run in real-time .
in contrast to more detailed parsing systems this [] few resources and was able to run in real-time .

The ease with which a probabilistic analyser can be created contrasts sharply with the immense amount of work required to create a comprehensive generative grammar .
the ease with which a probabilistic analyser can be created contrasts sharply with the immense amount of work [] to create a comprehensive generative grammar .

It was not worth the sulk and you 're ashamed of me are n't you that he could keep up for three days when required .
it was not worth the sulk and you 're ashamed of me are n't you that he could keep up for three days when [] .

He had invested his money in a number of schemes that required his attention , and his days seemed pretty full to her untrained eyes .
he had invested his money in a number of schemes that [] his attention , and his days seemed pretty full to her untrained eyes .

If you 've been self-employed since five minutes after Lucifer 's fall , and can fork out the massive outlay required , you might just find a way to bribe yourself on to the single-ticket waiting list ; if you belong to a small , minor-league organisation , your company will probably club together with several others to rent a cheap and jerry-built booth in one of the minor outbuildings , and argue with its partners over a tiny allocation of entry passes , whose holders will be consigned to overpriced lodgings in distant and inconvenient suburbs .
if you 've been self-employed since five minutes after lucifer 's fall , and can fork out the massive outlay [] , you might just find a way to bribe yourself on to the single-ticket waiting list ; if you belong to a small , minor-league organisation , your company will probably club together with several others to rent a cheap and jerry-built booth in one of the minor outbuildings , and argue with its partners over a tiny allocation of entry passes , whose holders will be consigned to overpriced lodgings in distant and inconvenient suburbs .

Departing staff will be required to clear their desks and hand in their entry passes by midnight tonight .
departing staff will be [] to clear their desks and hand in their entry passes by midnight tonight .

Before Sally-Anne could reply  and fortunately for her , for she needed to consider her answer carefully  there was a knocking at the door , and Dr Neil was required there for a moment .
before sally-anne could reply  and fortunately for her , for she needed to consider her answer carefully  there was a knocking at the door , and dr neil was [] there for a moment .

The climax to the whole tasteless display came when tea ended , and McAllister was required to take everything away .
the climax to the whole tasteless display came when tea ended , and mcallister was [] to take everything away .

This means that their own consent is not required , thus making their involuntary sterilisation perfectly legal in South Africa .
this means that their own consent is not [] , thus making their involuntary sterilisation perfectly legal in south africa .

Practice was obviously required .
practice was obviously [] .

Yet he is required to hand over his children 's future to the  non-ideological  market forces he thinks are largely responsible for getting us all into this mess in the first place .
yet he is [] to hand over his children 's future to the  non-ideological  market forces he thinks are largely responsible for getting us all into this mess in the first place .

To rent a room , a certificate of employment is required .
to rent a room , a certificate of employment is [] .

Not because of any failure , but because his employers wanted to promote him from temporary to permanent status and this required checking his background .
not because of any failure , but because his employers wanted to promote him from temporary to permanent status and this [] checking his background .

The personal dynamism required to counter the forces of these extremes of weather would be far too great for the human frame .
the personal dynamism [] to counter the forces of these extremes of weather would be far too great for the human frame .

This should be required reading for all tourists to Kenya  though they would need no coercion beyond the first thirty pages or so .
this should be [] reading for all tourists to kenya  though they would need no coercion beyond the first thirty pages or so .

People who make their living in the informal sector are also required to pay all kinds of petty taxes , including business licenses , market charges and fees to government officials before permits can be issued .
people who make their living in the informal sector are also [] to pay all kinds of petty taxes , including business licenses , market charges and fees to government officials before permits can be issued .

The dealer then approaches the arms manufacturers telling them that if they appoint him as their agent , he will get them a contract in return for a percentage of the value of the transaction , which could be as low as 3 per cent , or as high as 15 depending on how specialized is the equipment required .
the dealer then approaches the arms manufacturers telling them that if they appoint him as their agent , he will get them a contract in return for a percentage of the value of the transaction , which could be as low as 3 per cent , or as high as 15 depending on how specialized is the equipment [] .

It would be a time-consuming and expensive procedure which required provisional orders under the Act .
it would be a time-consuming and expensive procedure which [] provisional orders under the act .

The proposals have the support of the employers , as required by the Industrial Training Act 1982 , and have the full support of the board .
the proposals have the support of the employers , as [] by the industrial training act 1982 , and have the full support of the board .

In a sense , it is not required by a Government who preach the market model and who see no long-term future for the service .
in a sense , it is not [] by a government who preach the market model and who see no long-term future for the service .

The media are also required , when reporting matters which are relevant to imminent legal proceedings , to ensure that their reports do not give rise to any substantial risk of prejudice .
the media are also [] , when reporting matters which are relevant to imminent legal proceedings , to ensure that their reports do not give rise to any substantial risk of prejudice .

Its abilities to germinate are exactly those required for the mashing of our marvellous golden liquid .
its abilities to germinate are exactly those [] for the mashing of our marvellous golden liquid .

If one adds that delay to the average of about three months before the first visit is made , one is talking about a possible delay of one year and three months before the application starts to receive the attention that is required before it can proceed .
if one adds that delay to the average of about three months before the first visit is made , one is talking about a possible delay of one year and three months before the application starts to receive the attention that is [] before it can proceed .

There are a substantial number of cases before the Housing Executive concerning homes where major adaptations are required .
there are a substantial number of cases before the housing executive concerning homes where major adaptations are [] .

of the total of what is required , following a test of resources .
of the total of what is [] , following a test of resources .

At times , Government intervention is required .
at times , government intervention is [] .

Can the Secretary of State tell us , three years after Clapham , what the total cost is of implementing the Hidden recommendations to make our system safer ? Has the Department completed the review of the investment for safety , as required by Hidden ? Finally , does he accept that the general public want to see him and his Department using all their energies to ensure the implementation of a safe , reliable railway , instead of producing a White Paper on the privatisation of British Rail ?
can the secretary of state tell us , three years after clapham , what the total cost is of implementing the hidden recommendations to make our system safer ? has the department completed the review of the investment for safety , as [] by hidden ? finally , does he accept that the general public want to see him and his department using all their energies to ensure the implementation of a safe , reliable railway , instead of producing a white paper on the privatisation of british rail ?

Perhaps hooligans should be attired in some drab and identifying dress and required to carry out repairs and clean up the areas in which their depredations have taken place .
perhaps hooligans should be attired in some drab and identifying dress and [] to carry out repairs and clean up the areas in which their depredations have taken place .

and learned Friend the Secretary of State makes the order giving statutory force to the 1992 schoolteachers ' pay and conditions document , he is required under the 1991 Act to consult interested parties on the review body 's recommendations on the Government 's proposals for implementation .
and learned friend the secretary of state makes the order giving statutory force to the 1992 schoolteachers ' pay and conditions document , he is [] under the 1991 act to consult interested parties on the review body 's recommendations on the government 's proposals for implementation .

In the meantime , this order is required simply to ensure a smooth transition between the old and new statutory arrangements and to ensure that there are no gaps in the statutory provision for the pay and conditions of schoolteachers .
in the meantime , this order is [] simply to ensure a smooth transition between the old and new statutory arrangements and to ensure that there are no gaps in the statutory provision for the pay and conditions of schoolteachers .

The hon. Member for Gordon does not seem to understand either that primary legislation would be required or that such primary legislation takes longer than five minutes to be put on the statute book .
the hon. member for gordon does not seem to understand either that primary legislation would be [] or that such primary legislation takes longer than five minutes to be put on the statute book .

If payment is still not received , the authority will take enforcement action against that person to ensure that the required sum is paid .
if payment is still not received , the authority will take enforcement action against that person to ensure that the [] sum is paid .

poll tax contribution required from the poorest .
poll tax contribution [] from the poorest .

In the middle ages , all men over the age of 18 were required on Sunday , after attending church , to participate in archery practice ; it was from those roots that the Territorial Army grew .
in the middle ages , all men over the age of 18 were [] on sunday , after attending church , to participate in archery practice ; it was from those roots that the territorial army grew .

The commanding officer , the adjutant and the regimental sergeant major were required to form a parallel unit , while the second in command , the regimental quartermaster sergeant and the assistant adjutant took command of the original unit .
the commanding officer , the adjutant and the regimental sergeant major were [] to form a parallel unit , while the second in command , the regimental quartermaster sergeant and the assistant adjutant took command of the original unit .

Equipment is more sophisticated , and more experience is required .
equipment is more sophisticated , and more experience is [] .

Industrial waste incinerators of significant size have , in the past , been subject to control by Her Majesty 's inspectorate of pollution , acting under air pollution control legislation , with plant being required to adopt the best practical means for dealing with the materials coming into the sites .
industrial waste incinerators of significant size have , in the past , been subject to control by her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution , acting under air pollution control legislation , with plant being [] to adopt the best practical means for dealing with the materials coming into the sites .

There are three chemical treatment plants in the Province , one of which is for in-house wastes only ; so wastes required to be disposed of by high-temperature incineration have to be sent to disposal facilities outside the Province .
there are three chemical treatment plants in the province , one of which is for in-house wastes only ; so wastes [] to be disposed of by high-temperature incineration have to be sent to disposal facilities outside the province .

How would the Minister advise Hull city council to go about enforcing the law , bearing in mind that it can not go through the magistrates courts because of the cross-undertakings required ?
how would the minister advise hull city council to go about enforcing the law , bearing in mind that it can not go through the magistrates courts because of the cross-undertakings [] ?

That argument no longer applies because no consequential change is now required .
that argument no longer applies because no consequential change is now [] .

Regulations provide that if local planning authorities are minded to approve a proposal , but judge that it involves a material departure from the provisions of the development plan , they are required to refer the matter to the Secretary of State for him to decide whether he thinks it fit to call in the matter for his own decision .
regulations provide that if local planning authorities are minded to approve a proposal , but judge that it involves a material departure from the provisions of the development plan , they are [] to refer the matter to the secretary of state for him to decide whether he thinks it fit to call in the matter for his own decision .

Parents should be reminded that they have a responsibility and that they can be fined and required to pay compensation for acts committed by juveniles .
parents should be reminded that they have a responsibility and that they can be fined and [] to pay compensation for acts committed by juveniles .

When the codes of practice were revised recently in response to strong pressure from the police , the guidance was made slightly less restrictive by removing the statement that reasonable suspicion should be no less than the suspicion required to effect arrest without warrant .
when the codes of practice were revised recently in response to strong pressure from the police , the guidance was made slightly less restrictive by removing the statement that reasonable suspicion should be no less than the suspicion [] to effect arrest without warrant .

We are worried that regional health authorities may not have the necessary outlook required to ensure adequate long-term and national provision and that that will be reflected in the allocation of funding .
we are worried that regional health authorities may not have the necessary outlook [] to ensure adequate long-term and national provision and that that will be reflected in the allocation of funding .

The hon. Member for Clackmannan ( Mr. O'Neill ) , when presenting Labour 's nuclear policy in the House on 22 November , said :  Throughout the 1980s the Labour party was committed to a defence policy which , with regard to nuclear weapons , required the Labour Government to renounce ownership of Polaris and to abandon the Trident programme . 
the hon. member for clackmannan ( mr. o'neill ) , when presenting labour 's nuclear policy in the house on 22 november , said :  throughout the 1980s the labour party was committed to a defence policy which , with regard to nuclear weapons , [] the labour government to renounce ownership of polaris and to abandon the trident programme . 

Will my right hon. Friend arrange for an early debate next week on the principle and number of live animal exports which , we hear , have reached record levels in the past year ? Does he accept that the conditions in which live animals are exported must be humane ? There is considerable doubt sometimes about whether live animals are exported in humane conditions and a debate is urgently required .
will my right hon. friend arrange for an early debate next week on the principle and number of live animal exports which , we hear , have reached record levels in the past year ? does he accept that the conditions in which live animals are exported must be humane ? there is considerable doubt sometimes about whether live animals are exported in humane conditions and a debate is urgently [] .

The Government figures for investment , although accurate , represents investment on the cheap and not the full cost required for a decent job .
the government figures for investment , although accurate , represents investment on the cheap and not the full cost [] for a decent job .

An issue that the guillotine motion will not allow us to discuss does not involve improving the average standards , but the fact that those local authorities that already exceed the minimum standard and conduct inspections more frequently than once every four years will be required to lower their standards .
an issue that the guillotine motion will not allow us to discuss does not involve improving the average standards , but the fact that those local authorities that already exceed the minimum standard and conduct inspections more frequently than once every four years will be [] to lower their standards .

That is a matter for future debate , certainly not for today when there is quite enough to be done in preparing colleges for self-governing status and ensuring that they have the support and expertise required to enable them to make a success of that .
that is a matter for future debate , certainly not for today when there is quite enough to be done in preparing colleges for self-governing status and ensuring that they have the support and expertise [] to enable them to make a success of that .

Subject to paragraphs 5 and 6 below , the Funding Council shall have the power  ( a ) to acquire , hold and dispose of land and other property ; ( b ) to enter into contracts , including contracts for the employment of staff for the purposes of the discharge of their functions ; ( c ) to invest any sums not immediately required by the Funding Council for the purpose of their carrying on any of the activities which they have power to carry on ; and ( d ) to accept gifts of money , land or other property and apply it to , or hold or administer it in trust for , the purpose of the discharge of any of their functions .
subject to paragraphs 5 and 6 below , the funding council shall have the power  ( a ) to acquire , hold and dispose of land and other property ; ( b ) to enter into contracts , including contracts for the employment of staff for the purposes of the discharge of their functions ; ( c ) to invest any sums not immediately [] by the funding council for the purpose of their carrying on any of the activities which they have power to carry on ; and ( d ) to accept gifts of money , land or other property and apply it to , or hold or administer it in trust for , the purpose of the discharge of any of their functions .

( 3 ) The consent of the Secretary of State is not required for the disposal of land which is or forms part of property mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 1 ) above where the disposal is in consequence of the compulsory acquisition of such land by any authority in pursuance of any power of compulsory acquisition under any enactment ; but the Funding Council shall inform the Secretary of State of any such compulsory acquisition .
( 3 ) the consent of the secretary of state is not [] for the disposal of land which is or forms part of property mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 1 ) above where the disposal is in consequence of the compulsory acquisition of such land by any authority in pursuance of any power of compulsory acquisition under any enactment ; but the funding council shall inform the secretary of state of any such compulsory acquisition .

Paragraph 57 says :  For the purpose of maintaining breathable air within the accommodation , it should be required by regulation that the ventilation air intakes should be provided with smoke and gas detectors and that on smoke or gas alarm the ventilation and dampers should be shut down  .
paragraph 57 says :  for the purpose of maintaining breathable air within the accommodation , it should be [] by regulation that the ventilation air intakes should be provided with smoke and gas detectors and that on smoke or gas alarm the ventilation and dampers should be shut down  .

Others would move on to wherever their skills were required to construct railways , roads or canals .
others would move on to wherever their skills were [] to construct railways , roads or canals .

Seb had always had an instinct for whether or not something was likely to make money , but now he was required to record farm profit and expenditure for Christian it was not enough to leave it all to Carrie .
seb had always had an instinct for whether or not something was likely to make money , but now he was [] to record farm profit and expenditure for christian it was not enough to leave it all to carrie .

Not till 13th February 1907 , however , did the contractors take possession of the required land near Cleobury Mortimer .
not till 13th february 1907 , however , did the contractors take possession of the [] land near cleobury mortimer .

Screening was also required near Hill End , at 15 miles 77 chains , where the road from Bishop 's Castle drew close to the railway and ran beside it for a short distance .
screening was also [] near hill end , at 15 miles 77 chains , where the road from bishop 's castle drew close to the railway and ran beside it for a short distance .

 There are times when we have unexpected arrivals , and then the chalets are required .
 there are times when we have unexpected arrivals , and then the chalets are [] .

Your presence is required ,  she said , unable to resist teasing him , and suppressing a giggle with difficulty .
your presence is [] ,  she said , unable to resist teasing him , and suppressing a giggle with difficulty .

It has to be extended on either side of the stream , so he has to take a note of the timber required .
it has to be extended on either side of the stream , so he has to take a note of the timber [] .

Some form of custody  whether in hospital or in prison is a moot point  is required to give peace of mind to the people who gave evidence and who displayed much courage and fortitude in so doing .
some form of custody  whether in hospital or in prison is a moot point  is [] to give peace of mind to the people who gave evidence and who displayed much courage and fortitude in so doing .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the level of community charge or council tax depends partly on the efficiency of the local council and partly on the proportion of local government spending which is required to be raised by local taxation ? Does he further agree that if that proportion were to be raised to 20 per cent. , overnight every household bill would rise by 50 per cent ? Is he not astonished that that is the Labour party 's proposal ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the level of community charge or council tax depends partly on the efficiency of the local council and partly on the proportion of local government spending which is [] to be raised by local taxation ? does he further agree that if that proportion were to be raised to 20 per cent. , overnight every household bill would rise by 50 per cent ? is he not astonished that that is the labour party 's proposal ?

We shall also reduce the number of hours required for people to qualify for that benefit .
we shall also reduce the number of hours [] for people to qualify for that benefit .

The United Kingdom had implemented 111 of the 137 measures required  81 per cent .
the united kingdom had implemented 111 of the 137 measures []  81 per cent .

They are required to identify the best way of helping the frail and vulnerable and in many cases that will be by using the voluntary or the independent sector .
they are [] to identify the best way of helping the frail and vulnerable and in many cases that will be by using the voluntary or the independent sector .

Certainly the productivity of the coal industry has improved greatly over the years , but further improvement is still required .
certainly the productivity of the coal industry has improved greatly over the years , but further improvement is still [] .

It used the allocation , came back and said that its original estimate was entirely wrong and it required an extra 48 million  the original estimate was 48 million out .
it used the allocation , came back and said that its original estimate was entirely wrong and it [] an extra 48 million  the original estimate was 48 million out .

There are people who are required to appear before the courts either in Britain or in America , and all civilised people will wish to see that happen .
there are people who are [] to appear before the courts either in britain or in america , and all civilised people will wish to see that happen .

What is required is careful business planning by the managers and directors of the companies concerned .
what is [] is careful business planning by the managers and directors of the companies concerned .

Does the Minister recall that we on these Benches have advocated provision for tax vouchers for child care in the past three Finance Bills ? Does he recognise that provision is required for local authorities , voluntary groups and the private sector to provide places in creches and nursery schools ? Will he take steps to ensure that that is possible following the Budget ?
does the minister recall that we on these benches have advocated provision for tax vouchers for child care in the past three finance bills ? does he recognise that provision is [] for local authorities , voluntary groups and the private sector to provide places in creches and nursery schools ? will he take steps to ensure that that is possible following the budget ?

The Labour party plans a vast and sprawling bureaucracy which will need not just county hall , but Battersea power station , to house the thousands of officials required to carry out the wishes of Labour 's public sector trade union paymasters .
the labour party plans a vast and sprawling bureaucracy which will need not just county hall , but battersea power station , to house the thousands of officials [] to carry out the wishes of labour 's public sector trade union paymasters .

Does the Secretary of State accept that the answer that he has given on paying the guaranteed minimum pension to the Maxwell pensioners is wholly inadequate ? Does he accept that many of the constituents of his hon. Friend the Member for Ipswich ( Mr. Irvine ) face losing their houses if they do not receive the full pension ? Once the facts are established , will the Government be prepared to move beyond carrying out what they are , after all , required to do by law ?
does the secretary of state accept that the answer that he has given on paying the guaranteed minimum pension to the maxwell pensioners is wholly inadequate ? does he accept that many of the constituents of his hon. friend the member for ipswich ( mr. irvine ) face losing their houses if they do not receive the full pension ? once the facts are established , will the government be prepared to move beyond carrying out what they are , after all , [] to do by law ?

It has not responded and further action may be required .
it has not responded and further action may be [] .

All that we required was United Nations approval for the legality of our action .
all that we [] was united nations approval for the legality of our action .

In accordance with practice , the Home Secretary is required to reply before giving way again .
in accordance with practice , the home secretary is [] to reply before giving way again .

The dual element will be a cause of great confusion , which will be compounded by the proposals for other discounts and rebates for people on low incomes . How can those rebates and discounts be administered without some form of register or list ? How is a local authority to react to thousands of claims for rebate ? Will it wait to deal with them when the bills drop on the doormats and then try to compile a list of people entitled to a rebate after the council tax has been introduced ? Will local authorities be required to compile a register of people entitled to rebates before the council tax is implemented ? What is the time scale for implementation ?
the dual element will be a cause of great confusion , which will be compounded by the proposals for other discounts and rebates for people on low incomes . how can those rebates and discounts be administered without some form of register or list ? how is a local authority to react to thousands of claims for rebate ? will it wait to deal with them when the bills drop on the doormats and then try to compile a list of people entitled to a rebate after the council tax has been introduced ? will local authorities be [] to compile a register of people entitled to rebates before the council tax is implemented ? what is the time scale for implementation ?

However , it is also evident that much greater co-operation is required between western European countries , which for a long time have been concerned about the environment , and the countries of eastern and central Europe .
however , it is also evident that much greater co-operation is [] between western european countries , which for a long time have been concerned about the environment , and the countries of eastern and central europe .

Against that background , local authorities are now required to prepare for a totally new tax  requiring a new valuation , a new banding system , new discounts and new registers .
against that background , local authorities are now [] to prepare for a totally new tax  requiring a new valuation , a new banding system , new discounts and new registers .

Secondly , a register will be required .
secondly , a register will be [] .

The Government have made it absolutely clear that a statutory register of council taxpayers is not required .
the government have made it absolutely clear that a statutory register of council taxpayers is not [] .

Mr. Justice Taylor 's report following his inquiry into the Hillsborough stadium disaster commented on the cost of policing and stated :  The temptation to the clubs to leave it all to the police is stronger if they are not required to make a realistic payment for police services .
mr. justice taylor 's report following his inquiry into the hillsborough stadium disaster commented on the cost of policing and stated :  the temptation to the clubs to leave it all to the police is stronger if they are not [] to make a realistic payment for police services .

Local authorities are required to take reasonable steps to ascertain entitlement to discount , but in the absence of firm information they can send out an undiscounted bill .
local authorities are [] to take reasonable steps to ascertain entitlement to discount , but in the absence of firm information they can send out an undiscounted bill .

They are most definitely not required to know the composition of every household in their areas before billing .
they are most definitely not [] to know the composition of every household in their areas before billing .

There is no question , therefore , of a register being required .
there is no question , therefore , of a register being [] .

The Opposition raised the canard that some sort of register is required under the council tax .
the opposition raised the canard that some sort of register is [] under the council tax .

b ) any sums required to enable valuations to be carried out in accordance with the Act ;
b ) any sums [] to enable valuations to be carried out in accordance with the act ;

( 2 ) If on an allotted day on which any proceedings on the Bill are to be brought to a conclusion at a time appointed by this Order the House is adjourned , or the sitting is suspended , before that time no notice shall be required of a Motion made at the next sitting by a member of the Government for varying or supplementing the provisions of this Order .
( 2 ) if on an allotted day on which any proceedings on the bill are to be brought to a conclusion at a time appointed by this order the house is adjourned , or the sitting is suspended , before that time no notice shall be [] of a motion made at the next sitting by a member of the government for varying or supplementing the provisions of this order .

( a ) prevent any proceedings to which this Order applies from being taken or completed earlier than is required by this Order ; or
( a ) prevent any proceedings to which this order applies from being taken or completed earlier than is [] by this order ; or

The institutions are required to monitor their use of the access funds and the Secretary of State for Education and Science has undertaken to review the operation of the funds in due course .
the institutions are [] to monitor their use of the access funds and the secretary of state for education and science has undertaken to review the operation of the funds in due course .

Planning permission was not required from the Department in London .
planning permission was not [] from the department in london .

Reducing carbon dioxide emissions to required levels will not be achieved by ceasing to mine coal in Britain .
reducing carbon dioxide emissions to [] levels will not be achieved by ceasing to mine coal in britain .

We do not yet know the precise figures required  that is up to British Coal .
we do not yet know the precise figures []  that is up to british coal .

It controls individual collieries and it will decide the sums required .
it controls individual collieries and it will decide the sums [] .

of the sums that may be required when British Coal shuts collieries as part of its restructuring exercise .
of the sums that may be [] when british coal shuts collieries as part of its restructuring exercise .

That is happening all over the country and the tenants will be required to accept all the costs of repairs .
that is happening all over the country and the tenants will be [] to accept all the costs of repairs .

The most astonishing thing  indeed , it is almost unbelievable  is that tenants are required to sign a lease before the rent has been fixed .
the most astonishing thing  indeed , it is almost unbelievable  is that tenants are [] to sign a lease before the rent has been fixed .

They have said that there is too much legislation and that voluntary codes are required .
they have said that there is too much legislation and that voluntary codes are [] .

Next year , instead of the required substantial increase that is needed , there will be a derisory and inadequate increase of 2 per cent .
next year , instead of the [] substantial increase that is needed , there will be a derisory and inadequate increase of 2 per cent .

Real convergence of economic performance , accountability of institutions and active policies for balanced development are the essential ingredients that will be required to make a single currency practical and beneficial .
real convergence of economic performance , accountability of institutions and active policies for balanced development are the essential ingredients that will be [] to make a single currency practical and beneficial .

Within their respective duties , the councils and LEAs will each be required to take account of students with special educational needs .
within their respective duties , the councils and leas will each be [] to take account of students with special educational needs .

One has only to envisage circumstances in which all those upon whose territory strategic arms are stationed are required to come to the negotiating table to consider such a proposition to realise how much more difficult it would be if all , rather than a limited number , were participating .
one has only to envisage circumstances in which all those upon whose territory strategic arms are stationed are [] to come to the negotiating table to consider such a proposition to realise how much more difficult it would be if all , rather than a limited number , were participating .

The logical conclusion of all this is that there can no longer be a justification for the massive nuclear arsenals held by both sides , that only the absolute minimum of nuclear defence is required and that , because President Yeltsin , too , now has his finger on the nuclear button , we should now be doing business with him on this issue as on so many others .
the logical conclusion of all this is that there can no longer be a justification for the massive nuclear arsenals held by both sides , that only the absolute minimum of nuclear defence is [] and that , because president yeltsin , too , now has his finger on the nuclear button , we should now be doing business with him on this issue as on so many others .

Clause 70 of the previous Bill required the undertakers to install monitoring apparatus to monitor water level and quality for infectious diseases .
clause 70 of the previous bill [] the undertakers to install monitoring apparatus to monitor water level and quality for infectious diseases .

It was to examine the amendments and the additional provisions that were required in the Committee 's report which , the House will recall , was published in June of last year .
it was to examine the amendments and the additional provisions that were [] in the committee 's report which , the house will recall , was published in june of last year .

It is only by placing the new station beneath the existing one that all the required rail connections can be made .
it is only by placing the new station beneath the existing one that all the [] rail connections can be made .

Since nothing seemed to be required of her for the present , Robbie thought , it would do no harm to lean back , just for a moment , and allow her heavy eyelids to have their own way .
since nothing seemed to be [] of her for the present , robbie thought , it would do no harm to lean back , just for a moment , and allow her heavy eyelids to have their own way .

The Class 156 units ceased to be part of this operation from the 8th of July and presumably the temporary expedient of bus backup is in force if extra capacity is required .
the class 156 units ceased to be part of this operation from the 8th of july and presumably the temporary expedient of bus backup is in force if extra capacity is [] .

We have been fortunate in receiving donations of bricks for the facing wall and the required sand and gravel for the building work from two companies who operate in Shropshire .
we have been fortunate in receiving donations of bricks for the facing wall and the [] sand and gravel for the building work from two companies who operate in shropshire .

To participate in such textual production in either a critical or creative fashion required an educative process open to relatively few .
to participate in such textual production in either a critical or creative fashion [] an educative process open to relatively few .

The establishment of order and civilisation in Ireland ( according to an English model ) is required because only in such a context can nobility , proper religion , and morality prosper .
the establishment of order and civilisation in ireland ( according to an english model ) is [] because only in such a context can nobility , proper religion , and morality prosper .

Indeed , the conditions of Elizabethan and later Stuart regulation of drama required a written text .
indeed , the conditions of elizabethan and later stuart regulation of drama [] a written text .

Initially , The Master of the Revels who licensed plays required the players to appear in person and present the play before his official .
initially , the master of the revels who licensed plays [] the players to appear in person and present the play before his official .

By 1590 , however , the number of new plays was such that this was no longer practicable and companies of players were required instead to submit manuscripts before the play was acted .
by 1590 , however , the number of new plays was such that this was no longer practicable and companies of players were [] instead to submit manuscripts before the play was acted .

These must be in the form required by the Regulations and must be given to the customer during the trader 's visit ( or during the excursion ) .
these must be in the form [] by the regulations and must be given to the customer during the trader 's visit ( or during the excursion ) .

All of this should be easily understood when it is realised that the effect of the contract being avoided or frustrated is generally that the parties are no longer required to carry out the contract ; they are excused .
all of this should be easily understood when it is realised that the effect of the contract being avoided or frustrated is generally that the parties are no longer [] to carry out the contract ; they are excused .

The word  reasonable  in the definition indicates that the goods are not necessarily required to be of the very best quality but that the level of quality demanded depends upon the circumstances of the ease , including the price .
the word  reasonable  in the definition indicates that the goods are not necessarily [] to be of the very best quality but that the level of quality demanded depends upon the circumstances of the ease , including the price .

Someone who buys goods having more than one common use or who wants goods for an abnormal purpose will not benefit from section 14 ( 3 ) unless the seller was expressly informed of the particular purpose for which they were required .
someone who buys goods having more than one common use or who wants goods for an abnormal purpose will not benefit from section 14 ( 3 ) unless the seller was expressly informed of the particular purpose for which they were [] .

individual bad decisions : 80% of children chauffeured to school ( local intervention required )
individual bad decisions : 80% of children chauffeured to school ( local intervention [] )

 Copernican Revolution  in transport policy required ;
 copernican revolution  in transport policy [] ;

Assuming for the moment that the efficiency of production depends solely upon the exertions of the workers , we saw that  the price required to call forth the exertion necessary for producing any given amount of a commodity may be called the supply price for that amount , with reference of course to a given unit of time  .
assuming for the moment that the efficiency of production depends solely upon the exertions of the workers , we saw that  the price [] to call forth the exertion necessary for producing any given amount of a commodity may be called the supply price for that amount , with reference of course to a given unit of time  .

The exertions of all the different kinds of labour that are directly or indirectly involved in making it ; together with the abstinences or rather the waitings required for saving the capital used in making it : all these efforts and sacrifices together will be called the real cost of production of the commodity .
the exertions of all the different kinds of labour that are directly or indirectly involved in making it ; together with the abstinences or rather the waitings [] for saving the capital used in making it : all these efforts and sacrifices together will be called the real cost of production of the commodity .

The sums of money that have to be paid for these efforts and sacrifices will be called either its money cost of production , or , for shortness , its expenses of production ; they are the prices which have to be paid in order to call forth an adequate supply of the efforts and waitings that are required for making it ; or , in other words , they are its supply price .
the sums of money that have to be paid for these efforts and sacrifices will be called either its money cost of production , or , for shortness , its expenses of production ; they are the prices which have to be paid in order to call forth an adequate supply of the efforts and waitings that are [] for making it ; or , in other words , they are its supply price .

We may then arrange the things that are required for making a commodity into whatever groups are convenient , and call them its factors of production .
we may then arrange the things that are [] for making a commodity into whatever groups are convenient , and call them its factors of production .

Given that the outcome of market transactions is inevitably uncertain , though some transactions are more uncertain than others , the amount of information required for exchange to be efficient can not be precisely established , leaving plenty of scope for argument .
given that the outcome of market transactions is inevitably uncertain , though some transactions are more uncertain than others , the amount of information [] for exchange to be efficient can not be precisely established , leaving plenty of scope for argument .

Products are obliged to meet specified safety standards and firms are required to inform consumers of the conditions attached to the sale of goods .
products are obliged to meet specified safety standards and firms are [] to inform consumers of the conditions attached to the sale of goods .

For socialists of this persuasion , their model society has required little more than the superimposition of a substantial state sector on to societies characterized by markets , private ownership and liberal democracy .
for socialists of this persuasion , their model society has [] little more than the superimposition of a substantial state sector on to societies characterized by markets , private ownership and liberal democracy .

The efficient objective is to minimize the sum of production and transaction costs for the tasks required .
the efficient objective is to minimize the sum of production and transaction costs for the tasks [] .

These lay down European standards and the member states are required to amend their own national laws so as to bring their own standards into line with the European harmonized standard .
these lay down european standards and the member states are [] to amend their own national laws so as to bring their own standards into line with the european harmonized standard .

The original Rome Treaty required that factors of production such as labour , capital and enterprise should be free to move from one state to another .
the original rome treaty [] that factors of production such as labour , capital and enterprise should be free to move from one state to another .

In respect of the branch problem , this could probably be solved by building on the fact that a directive adopted in 1983 required that the supervision of credit institutions should be conducted on a consolidated basis .
in respect of the branch problem , this could probably be solved by building on the fact that a directive adopted in 1983 [] that the supervision of credit institutions should be conducted on a consolidated basis .

As vague as the description of the age is the definition of the kind of new organization required to suit it .
as vague as the description of the age is the definition of the kind of new organization [] to suit it .

Then , suddenly , when a manager had responsibility for tasks and projects that exceeded five years in scope , everyone seemed to perceive a difference not only in the scope of responsibility but also in its quality and in the kind of work and worker required to discharge it .
then , suddenly , when a manager had responsibility for tasks and projects that exceeded five years in scope , everyone seemed to perceive a difference not only in the scope of responsibility but also in its quality and in the kind of work and worker [] to discharge it .

As we go higher in a managerial hierarchy , the most difficult problems that arise grow increasingly complex , and , as the complexity of a task increases , so does the complexity of the mental work required to handle it .
as we go higher in a managerial hierarchy , the most difficult problems that arise grow increasingly complex , and , as the complexity of a task increases , so does the complexity of the mental work [] to handle it .

The Centre is required to become self-supporting so that it is necessary to establish links with government and the business and commercial worlds and to ensure that the programs it produces for the academic community are also attractive to the commercial market-place .
the centre is [] to become self-supporting so that it is necessary to establish links with government and the business and commercial worlds and to ensure that the programs it produces for the academic community are also attractive to the commercial market-place .

It has become clear that the majority of computer tasks required by scientific and commercial applications share many properties and these properties can be analysed mathematically .
it has become clear that the majority of computer tasks [] by scientific and commercial applications share many properties and these properties can be analysed mathematically .

Fortunately there is a great deal of similarity between the mathematics developed for this task and the techniques required to analyse certain types of data .
fortunately there is a great deal of similarity between the mathematics developed for this task and the techniques [] to analyse certain types of data .

To test this hypothesis , measures of perceived similarity or difference between situations are required which may subsequently be related to measures of similarity or difference in a person 's behaviour across the same set of situations .
to test this hypothesis , measures of perceived similarity or difference between situations are [] which may subsequently be related to measures of similarity or difference in a person 's behaviour across the same set of situations .

This is easily remedied , but a new olive may be required .
this is easily remedied , but a new olive may be [] .

Lastly , fit an immersion heater and an insulating jacket ( if required ) .
lastly , fit an immersion heater and an insulating jacket ( if [] ) .

In order to tighten the immersion heater a special spanner is required . These can be hired but are inexpensive to buy
in order to tighten the immersion heater a special spanner is [] . these can be hired but are inexpensive to buy

The glass surface needs to be kept clean  a regular hose-down is all that is required ( not always easy on the roof )  and the collector box should be weatherproof .
the glass surface needs to be kept clean  a regular hose-down is all that is [] ( not always easy on the roof )  and the collector box should be weatherproof .

For most domestic applications , a 75mm ( 3in ) seal is required ; shallow traps ( 38mm to 50mm or lin to 2in ) should be used only on two-pipe systems where there is limited space  under a bath or shower tray , for instance .
for most domestic applications , a 75mm ( 3in ) seal is [] ; shallow traps ( 38mm to 50mm or lin to 2in ) should be used only on two-pipe systems where there is limited space  under a bath or shower tray , for instance .

The pipe can now be connected into the boss , with a suitable connector if required by solvent-welding or with a ring seal joint
the pipe can now be connected into the boss , with a suitable connector if [] by solvent-welding or with a ring seal joint

The maximum depth of the trench will be at the point where it enters the main sewer ; otherwise the trenches will need to be deep enough to allow for a fall of the required gradient away from the house .
the maximum depth of the trench will be at the point where it enters the main sewer ; otherwise the trenches will need to be deep enough to allow for a fall of the [] gradient away from the house .

Put down the gravel fill layer ( if required ) and tamp down . The slope of the gravel should be shallower than required
put down the gravel fill layer ( if [] ) and tamp down . the slope of the gravel should be shallower than []

If you build an extension , a soakaway will often be required .
if you build an extension , a soakaway will often be [] .

Having established the position of the downpipe , some mathematics will be required to work out the correct height to fix the brackets .
having established the position of the downpipe , some mathematics will be [] to work out the correct height to fix the brackets .

Where a short length is required , you have to cut these notches yourself .
where a short length is [] , you have to cut these notches yourself .

To make an offset , first push a 112 bend on to the outlet . Hold a second bend in place to mark the length of pipe required
to make an offset , first push a 112 bend on to the outlet . hold a second bend in place to mark the length of pipe []

If an offset is required , use two 112 bends and a short length of pipe .
if an offset is [] , use two 112 bends and a short length of pipe .

Push the bend on to the outlet and , holding the other bend against the downpipe , mark the length of the pipe required using the  sight holes  in the bends and cut it off .
push the bend on to the outlet and , holding the other bend against the downpipe , mark the length of the pipe [] using the  sight holes  in the bends and cut it off .

The production of these moulds in turn indicated the degree of skill required of the woodworker in producing them .
the production of these moulds in turn indicated the degree of skill [] of the woodworker in producing them .

Volunteers working on this and future projects will also be required to wear the appropriate safety gear .
volunteers working on this and future projects will also be [] to wear the appropriate safety gear .

Having expected a casual Italian place , Belinda was a little perturbed to realise that this was L'Epoque , Brisbane 's newest and most talked-about French restaurant , which must surely have required a booking in advance .
having expected a casual italian place , belinda was a little perturbed to realise that this was l'epoque , brisbane 's newest and most talked-about french restaurant , which must surely have [] a booking in advance .

These factors help to explain the basic problems in identifying a satisfactory subject approach as well as the vast array of different tools required in the subject approach to knowledge .
these factors help to explain the basic problems in identifying a satisfactory subject approach as well as the vast array of different tools [] in the subject approach to knowledge .

In human indexing , some judgement would be required in selecting terms .
in human indexing , some judgement would be [] in selecting terms .

The reference interview should ascertain both a clear subject profile and also other characteristics of the required documents or information , such as any constraints on date , language , source or level .
the reference interview should ascertain both a clear subject profile and also other characteristics of the [] documents or information , such as any constraints on date , language , source or level .

( Of course , an even more unfortunate situation would be where the end user , poorly informed about the information or documents required , charges the information worker to conduct a search on the basis of incomplete or inaccurate information . )
( of course , an even more unfortunate situation would be where the end user , poorly informed about the information or documents [] , charges the information worker to conduct a search on the basis of incomplete or inaccurate information . )

For example , if information is required on  primary education  and this is a heading in the appropriate printed index , then the search profile merely involves the term  primary education  .
for example , if information is [] on  primary education  and this is a heading in the appropriate printed index , then the search profile merely involves the term  primary education  .

For example , without scanning the entire index , it is impossible to estimate the total number of relevant documents in the system , a figure that is required in the calculation of recall .
for example , without scanning the entire index , it is impossible to estimate the total number of relevant documents in the system , a figure that is [] in the calculation of recall .

It will also have some impact on training commitments required of users , and whether end-users can be expected to use the system independently or whether they will need the assistance of an intermediary .
it will also have some impact on training commitments [] of users , and whether end-users can be expected to use the system independently or whether they will need the assistance of an intermediary .

The indexer is required to consider which topics within a document to represent in an index .
the indexer is [] to consider which topics within a document to represent in an index .

This process of subdivision is continued until an appropriate level of specificity has been achieved , and all subjects that are required to be represented have been listed in their appropriate places .
this process of subdivision is continued until an appropriate level of specificity has been achieved , and all subjects that are [] to be represented have been listed in their appropriate places .

For instance , in a fully enumerative scheme it would be necessary to list a category for  flavourings used in the cooking of foods in hotels  if this degree of specificity were required .
for instance , in a fully enumerative scheme it would be necessary to list a category for  flavourings used in the cooking of foods in hotels  if this degree of specificity were [] .

Common facets may occur anywhere in the schedule order ; although listed only once , they can be applied anywhere in the citation order as required to qualify appropriate concepts .
common facets may occur anywhere in the schedule order ; although listed only once , they can be applied anywhere in the citation order as [] to qualify appropriate concepts .

It is easiest to discuss these in terms of the human requirements upon notation ; indeed , even with computer-based catalogues and indexes , people will be required to use and write or remember notation ( at least until the day when document arrangement is no longer relevant , or when machines are widely available to re-file information , regardless of size or form ) .
it is easiest to discuss these in terms of the human requirements upon notation ; indeed , even with computer-based catalogues and indexes , people will be [] to use and write or remember notation ( at least until the day when document arrangement is no longer relevant , or when machines are widely available to re-file information , regardless of size or form ) .

In order to achieve the above expressiveness , major reallocation of notation would have been required ; this is not deemed desirable .
in order to achieve the above expressiveness , major reallocation of notation would have been [] ; this is not deemed desirable .

The limited notational base provided by numbers ( instead of , say , letters ) has required that all subjects be fitted into ten main classes .
the limited notational base provided by numbers ( instead of , say , letters ) has [] that all subjects be fitted into ten main classes .

These instructions determine the citation order of the various concepts represented by the Schedules and the Tables and remove the need for facet indicators such as would be required were more flexibility of citation order permitted .
these instructions determine the citation order of the various concepts represented by the schedules and the tables and remove the need for facet indicators such as would be [] were more flexibility of citation order permitted .

The indexer is expected to insert headings into the index or catalogue in these categories as and when they are required .
the indexer is expected to insert headings into the index or catalogue in these categories as and when they are [] .

Type of literature to be covered may determine , amongst other features , the amount of detail required .
type of literature to be covered may determine , amongst other features , the amount of detail [] .

There are two types of resources : those available and necessary for initial design , and those required for the development and application of the indexing language .
there are two types of resources : those available and necessary for initial design , and those [] for the development and application of the indexing language .

Identification of the main subject areas in a more explicit manner than was required in the planning stage .
identification of the main subject areas in a more explicit manner than was [] in the planning stage .

The idea which lay behind the use of the term  social democracy  was that the working-class movement would not only complete the process of achieving political democracy by establishing universal and equal suffrage ( and this itself required a long struggle ) , but would also extend democracy into other areas of social life , in particular through a democratic control of the economy , and would thus create new democratic institutions .
the idea which lay behind the use of the term  social democracy  was that the working-class movement would not only complete the process of achieving political democracy by establishing universal and equal suffrage ( and this itself [] a long struggle ) , but would also extend democracy into other areas of social life , in particular through a democratic control of the economy , and would thus create new democratic institutions .

From the point of view of a science of politics classification can be seen as an elementary form of theory construction which involves the kind of generalization required in order to assign phenomena to particular classes .
from the point of view of a science of politics classification can be seen as an elementary form of theory construction which involves the kind of generalization [] in order to assign phenomena to particular classes .

Yes , of course , said Alex , no , he could n't pretend he was n't hurt , but thanks for saying it , and he 'd be happy to give any advice that might be required .
yes , of course , said alex , no , he could n't pretend he was n't hurt , but thanks for saying it , and he 'd be happy to give any advice that might be [] .

Michael Banks knew that The Hooded Owl was not up to the required standard .
michael banks knew that the hooded owl was not up to the [] standard .

While they reconnoitred the bar and found their seats ( on the aisle , so that , if his services as an understudy were required , Charles could be quickly extracted ) , he gave Frances a brief rsum of how he had lost his part .
while they reconnoitred the bar and found their seats ( on the aisle , so that , if his services as an understudy were [] , charles could be quickly extracted ) , he gave frances a brief rsum of how he had lost his part .

They were all very sharp and attentive , prepared to go back over scenes or lines as often as was required , patient when Charles lost the line , encouraging when he got a flow of dialogue working .
they were all very sharp and attentive , prepared to go back over scenes or lines as often as was [] , patient when charles lost the line , encouraging when he got a flow of dialogue working .

Maria laughed , a lovely liquid sound , but it required an effort of will to lift her hand and place it in his outstretched one , and resentment surged as his fingers closed round it briefly and were removed .
maria laughed , a lovely liquid sound , but it [] an effort of will to lift her hand and place it in his outstretched one , and resentment surged as his fingers closed round it briefly and were removed .

Dear God , was this anticipation or apprehension , and why should she feel either ? She had turned other men  men she did n't hate  away at her door before now without going through all this prior angst , meeting the moment with the tact or firmness it required when it came , but not before .
dear god , was this anticipation or apprehension , and why should she feel either ? she had turned other men  men she did n't hate  away at her door before now without going through all this prior angst , meeting the moment with the tact or firmness it [] when it came , but not before .

 Oh , it 's perfect for what 's required ,  Luke acknowledged ironically .
 oh , it 's perfect for what 's [] ,  luke acknowledged ironically .

The Estwicks were in Hong Kong , Giles having been required to visit the head office of one of their major commercial sponsors to finalise the details of a competition the radio station was shortly due to run for them , and Cavell Fielding had also departed for the Crown Colony a few days previously , telling Maria that whether she returned depended on Luke 's instructions .
the estwicks were in hong kong , giles having been [] to visit the head office of one of their major commercial sponsors to finalise the details of a competition the radio station was shortly due to run for them , and cavell fielding had also departed for the crown colony a few days previously , telling maria that whether she returned depended on luke 's instructions .

Moreover , the time required for the economy to approach the vicinity of a steady state may be quite long  longer than it may reasonably be expected that the parameters remain unchanged .
moreover , the time [] for the economy to approach the vicinity of a steady state may be quite long  longer than it may reasonably be expected that the parameters remain unchanged .

people may not have an incentive to assemble the information required to vote intelligently .
people may not have an incentive to assemble the information [] to vote intelligently .

As a result , to achieve a given level of spending on a particular public good , it may be necessary to expand the budget above the minimum level required if there were complete control .
as a result , to achieve a given level of spending on a particular public good , it may be necessary to expand the budget above the minimum level [] if there were complete control .

Whereas it is therefore necessary to establish common rules for the licensing by Member States of the construction and operation of the generating installations and transmission and distribution lines and to take such other steps as are required in order to ensure the effective functioning of the internal market .
whereas it is therefore necessary to establish common rules for the licensing by member states of the construction and operation of the generating installations and transmission and distribution lines and to take such other steps as are [] in order to ensure the effective functioning of the internal market .

These policies are therefore alternately more severe and more lax than is required .
these policies are therefore alternately more severe and more lax than is [] .

Agonising about the Gold Standard decision , he wrote to his Controller of Finance at the Treasury , Sir Otto Niemayer : So one might ask whether by maintaining high interest rates to support the value of the pound against the Deutschmark , the British people were not being required to make untold sacrifices to match German interest rates , whose levels were in part at least caused by that country 's need to rebuild her eastern provinces .
agonising about the gold standard decision , he wrote to his controller of finance at the treasury , sir otto niemayer : so one might ask whether by maintaining high interest rates to support the value of the pound against the deutschmark , the british people were not being [] to make untold sacrifices to match german interest rates , whose levels were in part at least caused by that country 's need to rebuild her eastern provinces .

The truth of the matter is that the policy of placing the interests of a managed exchange rate above the real needs of the economy can only be conceived sensibly as part and parcel of a geopolitical strategy to move Britain towards participation in a Single Currency , as required by the Treaty of Maastricht .
the truth of the matter is that the policy of placing the interests of a managed exchange rate above the real needs of the economy can only be conceived sensibly as part and parcel of a geopolitical strategy to move britain towards participation in a single currency , as [] by the treaty of maastricht .

In the meantime , Member States are required to regard their economic policies as  a matter of common concern  , and to obey  broad guidelines of the economic policies of the Member States and the Community  .
in the meantime , member states are [] to regard their economic policies as  a matter of common concern  , and to obey  broad guidelines of the economic policies of the member states and the community  .

They are also required to  avoid excessive Government deficits  , and may eventually be fined for non-compliance .
they are also [] to  avoid excessive government deficits  , and may eventually be fined for non-compliance .

Nevertheless , we soon found that producing a publication of the required length , and assembling a representative group of writers , was no easy task .
nevertheless , we soon found that producing a publication of the [] length , and assembling a representative group of writers , was no easy task .

We shall show first that what might appear to be an obvious way to proceed is not in fact likely to be valid and that a more subtle approach is required .
we shall show first that what might appear to be an obvious way to proceed is not in fact likely to be valid and that a more subtle approach is [] .

There is a second condition required for a rational agent to be indifferent between equal forward and expected future spot rates .
there is a second condition [] for a rational agent to be indifferent between equal forward and expected future spot rates .

In order for such a policy to be successful and efficient the government has to have some idea of the size of any changes in tax rates and so on required to stabilize the economy , and some idea of when precisely such changes are required .
in order for such a policy to be successful and efficient the government has to have some idea of the size of any changes in tax rates and so on [] to stabilize the economy , and some idea of when precisely such changes are [] .

This is the energy required to separate the atoms or groups of atoms at either end of the bond by a great distance , so that there is no bonding between them .
this is the energy [] to separate the atoms or groups of atoms at either end of the bond by a great distance , so that there is no bonding between them .

Modern interferometers covering the mid-IR region ( 4000200 cm -1 ) include fast mini-computers required for the Fourier transformation , and are almost as easy to operate as scanning spectrophotometers .
modern interferometers covering the mid-ir region ( 4000200 cm -1 ) include fast mini-computers [] for the fourier transformation , and are almost as easy to operate as scanning spectrophotometers .

The depolarization ratio is only required to be zero for totally symmetric modes of molecules of cubic or icosahedral point groups .
the depolarization ratio is only [] to be zero for totally symmetric modes of molecules of cubic or icosahedral point groups .

This is lucky , as the mathematics required to manipulate the equations becomes much more complicated if non-quadratic terms are introduced .
this is lucky , as the mathematics [] to manipulate the equations becomes much more complicated if non-quadratic terms are introduced .

Thus even here we may want to reduce the total time required to record the spectrum .
thus even here we may want to reduce the total time [] to record the spectrum .

The energy required to remove the electron depends only on the energy of the level it originally occupied relative to that of an unbound electron , so photoelectron spectra are in principle much simpler than electronic excitation spectra .
the energy [] to remove the electron depends only on the energy of the level it originally occupied relative to that of an unbound electron , so photoelectron spectra are in principle much simpler than electronic excitation spectra .

This is due partly to the very high resolution required to resolve rotational detail for larger molecules , and partly because excitation often leads to states which are unstable .
this is due partly to the very high resolution [] to resolve rotational detail for larger molecules , and partly because excitation often leads to states which are unstable .

It required enormous concentration and a lot of physical changes  each one accompanied by different music .
it [] enormous concentration and a lot of physical changes  each one accompanied by different music .

The condition required for the Fudenberg and Levine ( 1988 ) conclusion with imperfect monitoring is that the dominant strategy type receives strictly positive probability in the priors of the short term agents , or that with positive probability there exist a type which plays the action in equilibrium .
the condition [] for the fudenberg and levine ( 1988 ) conclusion with imperfect monitoring is that the dominant strategy type receives strictly positive probability in the priors of the short term agents , or that with positive probability there exist a type which plays the action in equilibrium .

An instrumental variable technique is required to overcome the resulting errors-in-variables problem .
an instrumental variable technique is [] to overcome the resulting errors-in-variables problem .

From the outset it is most important that the investigator should decide precisely what information is required from the sediments to be analysed ( McCave , 1979a ) .
from the outset it is most important that the investigator should decide precisely what information is [] from the sediments to be analysed ( mccave , 1979a ) .

Analysis solely to obtain numerical assessment of the texture of a deposit is unlikely to satisfy the sedimentologist but this information may be all that is required to demonstrate to a fisheries expert the potential value of a site for the introduction of an economically important species such as Nephrops ( Scampi ) .
analysis solely to obtain numerical assessment of the texture of a deposit is unlikely to satisfy the sedimentologist but this information may be all that is [] to demonstrate to a fisheries expert the potential value of a site for the introduction of an economically important species such as nephrops ( scampi ) .

In tracing characteristic source-specific sub-populations of sediment passing through a river system the closest possible spacing of sieves may be required .
in tracing characteristic source-specific sub-populations of sediment passing through a river system the closest possible spacing of sieves may be [] .

Lithified materials may require little more than decision on the orientations of thin sections needed for later examination under the optical microscope , but special slide preparation and cementing media may be required , particularly if soluble minerals are thought to be present ( see Chapter 4 ) .
lithified materials may require little more than decision on the orientations of thin sections needed for later examination under the optical microscope , but special slide preparation and cementing media may be [] , particularly if soluble minerals are thought to be present ( see chapter 4 ) .

In unconsolidated materials washing in running tap water may be sufficient to remove unwanted muddy coatings ( assuming data from the muds are not required ) .
in unconsolidated materials washing in running tap water may be sufficient to remove unwanted muddy coatings ( assuming data from the muds are not [] ) .

The coarsest sieve required is placed at the top of a nest of sieves in which the screen openings become progressively smaller downwards .
the coarsest sieve [] is placed at the top of a nest of sieves in which the screen openings become progressively smaller downwards .

Not uncommonly only half of the sieves required may be mounted on the shaker at a time , so the pan residue from the coarser fraction is released into the upper sieve of the finer part of the nest in order to complete the analysis .
not uncommonly only half of the sieves [] may be mounted on the shaker at a time , so the pan residue from the coarser fraction is released into the upper sieve of the finer part of the nest in order to complete the analysis .

If no more than the contents of medium silt , fine silt or clay are required , aliquots may be withdrawn after the appropriate time intervals and the relative abundance calculated from differences in weights of suspension in each .
if no more than the contents of medium silt , fine silt or clay are [] , aliquots may be withdrawn after the appropriate time intervals and the relative abundance calculated from differences in weights of suspension in each .

Since each aliquot forms 2 % of the original sample the full size distribution may be calculated through continued withdrawals to the finest required size .
since each aliquot forms 2 % of the original sample the full size distribution may be calculated through continued withdrawals to the finest [] size .

Most workers find that four to six sets of analyses can be dealt with even if a very detailed withdrawal pattern is required .
most workers find that four to six sets of analyses can be dealt with even if a very detailed withdrawal pattern is [] .

If for any reason a withdrawal time is missed the entire pattern of settling may be restarted by restirring and allowing the material to recommence settling until the required time interval has elapsed .
if for any reason a withdrawal time is missed the entire pattern of settling may be restarted by restirring and allowing the material to recommence settling until the [] time interval has elapsed .

The diameter of the tube is important here , broad tubes being required for analysis of coarse sediments ( Channon , 1971 ) .
the diameter of the tube is important here , broad tubes being [] for analysis of coarse sediments ( channon , 1971 ) .

They also pointed out that substantial computational skills were required to obtain the best-fit log-hyperbolic curves from which the parameters could be derived .
they also pointed out that substantial computational skills were [] to obtain the best-fit log-hyperbolic curves from which the parameters could be derived .

Many plots required a two-fold saltation load to be considered .
many plots [] a two-fold saltation load to be considered .

This permits reduction in quantities of cement and water required to give desirable properties such as workability , strength and durability potential .
this permits reduction in quantities of cement and water [] to give desirable properties such as workability , strength and durability potential .

To achieve the required precision in thin section making , a considerable degree of mechanization is required , and this is expensive .
to achieve the [] precision in thin section making , a considerable degree of mechanization is [] , and this is expensive .

At the outset of any petrographic analysis , it is wise to begin by planning the kinds of sample preparation which will be required , and what information is to be sought from them .
at the outset of any petrographic analysis , it is wise to begin by planning the kinds of sample preparation which will be [] , and what information is to be sought from them .

Poorly consolidated sediments , or those for which porosity information is required , must first be vacuum-imbedded in resin ( see Section 4.5 ) .
poorly consolidated sediments , or those for which porosity information is [] , must first be vacuum-imbedded in resin ( see section 4.5 ) .

Special resin-miscible dyes are required , such as Epo-tek Blue Keystone or Waxoline Blue , mixed in a 10 % dye : epoxy ratio .
special resin-miscible dyes are [] , such as epo-tek blue keystone or waxoline blue , mixed in a 10 % dye : epoxy ratio .

Several sizes of thin sections can be made , depending on equipment available and the area required for examination .
several sizes of thin sections can be made , depending on equipment available and the area [] for examination .

Otherwise , they are lapped for a further period using 8 m diamond paste if required for Double Polished Thin sections ( DPTs ) ( Fig .
otherwise , they are lapped for a further period using 8 m diamond paste if [] for double polished thin sections ( dpts ) ( fig .

This is needed for electron microprobe or back-scattered Scanning Electron Microscope work where a perfect surface is required .
this is needed for electron microprobe or back-scattered scanning electron microscope work where a perfect surface is [] .

Cover-slips are , of course , required for thin sections destined for teaching collections .
cover-slips are , of course , [] for thin sections destined for teaching collections .

Standard thin sections required for teaching collections or archive purposes can now be given self-adhesive labels on which can be written all the details of the sample .
standard thin sections [] for teaching collections or archive purposes can now be given self-adhesive labels on which can be written all the details of the sample .

Initial impregnation and embedding , if required , will have been completed as detailed above .
initial impregnation and embedding , if [] , will have been completed as detailed above .

Much patient experimentation may be required .
much patient experimentation may be [] .

As the residual caustic would attack Lakeside or Canada Balsam , epoxy cement is required for cover slips .
as the residual caustic would attack lakeside or canada balsam , epoxy cement is [] for cover slips .

Immerse specimen in the combined solution for 3045 s ( again experimentation is required ) .
immerse specimen in the combined solution for 3045 s ( again experimentation is [] ) .

No special preparation is required : dry , stained surfaces are taken immediately to the acetone flooding stage ( see below ) .
no special preparation is [] : dry , stained surfaces are taken immediately to the acetone flooding stage ( see below ) .

Limestones can be etched with hydrochloric acid , acetic acid or diNaEDTA depending on the degree of detail required ( see Section 4.5.1 ) .
limestones can be etched with hydrochloric acid , acetic acid or dinaedta depending on the degree of detail [] ( see section 4.5.1 ) .

Large slabs are conveniently etched ( and stained , if required ) in plastic photographic developing trays ; the cut face preferably being uppermost in the solution unless the sample is too large , in which case the face is held downwards and gently swirled to remove bubble trains .
large slabs are conveniently etched ( and stained , if [] ) in plastic photographic developing trays ; the cut face preferably being uppermost in the solution unless the sample is too large , in which case the face is held downwards and gently swirled to remove bubble trains .

If a positive image is required , a whole plate negative film sheet can be substituted for photographic paper at the first stage : this intermediate negative is developed and then contact printed .
if a positive image is [] , a whole plate negative film sheet can be substituted for photographic paper at the first stage : this intermediate negative is developed and then contact printed .

The image can be produced on a transparent sheet or on paper as required .
the image can be produced on a transparent sheet or on paper as [] .

The method is both simple and quick , but should only be used for estimations and not where accurate results are required .
the method is both simple and quick , but should only be used for estimations and not where accurate results are [] .

Trap centres : those where additional energy is required to raise the energy state sufficiently to produce luminescence on transition to the ground state .
trap centres : those where additional energy is [] to raise the energy state sufficiently to produce luminescence on transition to the ground state .

Delicate arrangements are required to maintain the controlled gas leak and these are prone to wear and maintenance problems .
delicate arrangements are [] to maintain the controlled gas leak and these are prone to wear and maintenance problems .

For viewing with higher magnification lenses , which are necessarily of shorter working distance , a recessed window is usually required to accommodate the smaller working distance of the lens .
for viewing with higher magnification lenses , which are necessarily of shorter working distance , a recessed window is usually [] to accommodate the smaller working distance of the lens .

The objective lenses required for cathodoluminescence must have long working distances , so choice is often limited and prices high .
the objective lenses [] for cathodoluminescence must have long working distances , so choice is often limited and prices high .

If great detail is not required , surfaces can be quite crudely prepared .
if great detail is not [] , surfaces can be quite crudely prepared .

Mossop could not remember the address and it required several false starts and wrong turnings before they located the right house , one grey-dashed end-of-terrace dwelling among the featureless many that spread like silt round the fenced-off acres of pipelines and flares .
mossop could not remember the address and it [] several false starts and wrong turnings before they located the right house , one grey-dashed end-of-terrace dwelling among the featureless many that spread like silt round the fenced-off acres of pipelines and flares .

Away from the ether of Breakspear and deprived of his occupational gown , Cyril Ockleton was transmuted into a more subdued and less boyish version of himself , as if sensing that his true persona required a measure of disguise in the wider world .
away from the ether of breakspear and deprived of his occupational gown , cyril ockleton was transmuted into a more subdued and less boyish version of himself , as if sensing that his true persona [] a measure of disguise in the wider world .

She 'd been required to be beautiful and talented and independent , but she had n't wanted to be any of those things .
she 'd been [] to be beautiful and talented and independent , but she had n't wanted to be any of those things .

And brought with it a precise and sharply-etched recollection that required no effort of the imagination to build or bolster .
and brought with it a precise and sharply-etched recollection that [] no effort of the imagination to build or bolster .

 What about Heather , Miss Labrooy ?  Harry sensed that very little pressure would be required to overcome her scruples .  Might n't her position be even more delicate ? 
 what about heather , miss labrooy ?  harry sensed that very little pressure would be [] to overcome her scruples .  might n't her position be even more delicate ? 

What he was asking her to do required a degree of trust that he had too little time to earn .
what he was asking her to do [] a degree of trust that he had too little time to earn .

Suppose secondly that we have a demand for money , ex ante , which is less than that required to hold the growing stock of bank deposits .
suppose secondly that we have a demand for money , ex ante , which is less than that [] to hold the growing stock of bank deposits .

The discount houses would then be obliged to pay whatever level of interest was required to prevent banks ' demanding money at call , i.e .
the discount houses would then be obliged to pay whatever level of interest was [] to prevent banks ' demanding money at call , i.e .

Under the Registrar 's rules , societies are required to maintain a minimum ratio of 7.5 per cent of liquid assets ( roughly British government securities plus  short-term assets  ) to total assets .
under the registrar 's rules , societies are [] to maintain a minimum ratio of 7.5 per cent of liquid assets ( roughly british government securities plus  short-term assets  ) to total assets .

However , as can be seen from Table 4.1 , in 1986 the ratio , at 13 per cent , was nearly twice the required minimum .
however , as can be seen from table 4.1 , in 1986 the ratio , at 13 per cent , was nearly twice the [] minimum .

The Act required societies to hold a minimum 90 per cent of commercial assets as class 1 assets , thereby ensuring a continuation of the societies ' traditional role , and a maximum of 10 per cent of class 2 plus class 3 , subject to a maximum of 5 per cent for class 3 assets .
the act [] societies to hold a minimum 90 per cent of commercial assets as class 1 assets , thereby ensuring a continuation of the societies ' traditional role , and a maximum of 10 per cent of class 2 plus class 3 , subject to a maximum of 5 per cent for class 3 assets .

This does not in itself involve companies undertaking insurance risks but acknowledges that the skills required for the operation of the life insurance business are similar to those needed to run pension funds .
this does not in itself involve companies undertaking insurance risks but acknowledges that the skills [] for the operation of the life insurance business are similar to those needed to run pension funds .

The more frequent they are , the smaller the required holdings of money ; the less frequent , the more money has to be held .
the more frequent they are , the smaller the [] holdings of money ; the less frequent , the more money has to be held .

Eventually the Bank will be required as lender of last resort .
eventually the bank will be [] as lender of last resort .

To ensure that the Bank can maintain an acceptable degree of influence over short-term rates , the monetary control regulations introduced in 1981 required that banks maintain with the discount market funds equal to a daily minimum of 4 per cent and a monthly average of 6 per cent of their  eligible  liabilities .
to ensure that the bank can maintain an acceptable degree of influence over short-term rates , the monetary control regulations introduced in 1981 [] that banks maintain with the discount market funds equal to a daily minimum of 4 per cent and a monthly average of 6 per cent of their  eligible  liabilities .

To accept it required a whole sociology of crime .
to accept it [] a whole sociology of crime .

She seemed , in his words , to have some experience of what they required , and they put her through her paces .
she seemed , in his words , to have some experience of what they [] , and they put her through her paces .

It affects the number of schools ( see Chapter 5 ) and the number of teachers ( see Chapter 7 ) required , and therefore affects the amount of expenditure needed by the education system ( see Chapter 8 ) .
it affects the number of schools ( see chapter 5 ) and the number of teachers ( see chapter 7 ) [] , and therefore affects the amount of expenditure needed by the education system ( see chapter 8 ) .

[ Direct grant schools were required to choose either comprehensivisation or withdrawal of state aid in 1975 . ]
[ direct grant schools were [] to choose either comprehensivisation or withdrawal of state aid in 1975 . ]

Insisting that there was no simple way in which reading and the use of English could be improved , and that improvement required  a thorough understanding of the many complexities , and  action on a broad front  , the committee offered 333 conclusions and recommendations ; only with reluctance was it prepared to select 17 of these as its principal findings .
insisting that there was no simple way in which reading and the use of english could be improved , and that improvement []  a thorough understanding of the many complexities , and  action on a broad front  , the committee offered 333 conclusions and recommendations ; only with reluctance was it prepared to select 17 of these as its principal findings .

The adoption of a dual system of 1116 and 1118 comprehensive schools was recommended ; the former could have a two-form entry , but the latter required a six-form entry .
the adoption of a dual system of 1116 and 1118 comprehensive schools was recommended ; the former could have a two-form entry , but the latter [] a six-form entry .

First , though , it was required to produce an interim report on West Indian children .
first , though , it was [] to produce an interim report on west indian children .

Considerable attention is paid to the linguistic knowledge and skills required of teachers , and the ways in which these can best be learnt .
considerable attention is paid to the linguistic knowledge and skills [] of teachers , and the ways in which these can best be learnt .

It divided the country into school districts , and , in those districts with inadequate provision , required school boards to be elected which would raise money through the rates to provide public elementary schools ( often called  board schools  ) .
it divided the country into school districts , and , in those districts with inadequate provision , [] school boards to be elected which would raise money through the rates to provide public elementary schools ( often called  board schools  ) .

This Act required school boards to pass byelaws to secure attendance ( although pupils older than 10 could be exempted if they had achieved a certain standard of attainment , or a satisfactory record of attendance ) .
this act [] school boards to pass byelaws to secure attendance ( although pupils older than 10 could be exempted if they had achieved a certain standard of attainment , or a satisfactory record of attendance ) .

This introduced compulsory school attendance in Ireland , and required local authorities to create School Attendance Committees to enforce it .
this introduced compulsory school attendance in ireland , and [] local authorities to create school attendance committees to enforce it .

With this Act LEAs were required , for the first time , to provide for the medical inspection of children in elementary schools .
with this act leas were [] , for the first time , to provide for the medical inspection of children in elementary schools .

The 1918 Act required LEAs to submit schemes of development , when requested by the Board of Education , to ensure that a fully national system of public education was being set up .
the 1918 act [] leas to submit schemes of development , when requested by the board of education , to ensure that a fully national system of public education was being set up .

The 1930 Act gave the Education Minister power to nominate up to a quarter of the membership of Education Committees in Northern Ireland ( it being understood that the nominees would be clergymen ) ; regulated the membership of School Management Committees ; and required local education authorities to provide Bible instruction in any school if the parents of ten or more children demanded it .
the 1930 act gave the education minister power to nominate up to a quarter of the membership of education committees in northern ireland ( it being understood that the nominees would be clergymen ) ; regulated the membership of school management committees ; and [] local education authorities to provide bible instruction in any school if the parents of ten or more children demanded it .

It required LEAs ( in Section 34 ) to ascertain the needs of children in their area for special educational treatment , and recommended that they be educated in ordinary schools wherever possible .
it [] leas ( in section 34 ) to ascertain the needs of children in their area for special educational treatment , and recommended that they be educated in ordinary schools wherever possible .

Each local authority was required to estimate the needs of primary , secondary and further education in its area , and to submit plans for meeting them to the ministry .
each local authority was [] to estimate the needs of primary , secondary and further education in its area , and to submit plans for meeting them to the ministry .

Local authorities were also required to provide books and stationery ; to provide facilities for recreation and physical training ; and to ascertain which children in their areas required special education , and provide special schools as necessary .
local authorities were also [] to provide books and stationery ; to provide facilities for recreation and physical training ; and to ascertain which children in their areas [] special education , and provide special schools as necessary .

Local education authorities in Northern Ireland were required by this Act to set up management committees for further education institutions , with some degree of autonomy , instead of managing them directly .
local education authorities in northern ireland were [] by this act to set up management committees for further education institutions , with some degree of autonomy , instead of managing them directly .

The 1962 Act required LEAs in England and Wales to provide grants for all first-degree courses in accordance with national rules and income scales (  mandatory awards  ) , and allowed them to provide grants for further education (  discretionary awards  ) .
the 1962 act [] leas in england and wales to provide grants for all first-degree courses in accordance with national rules and income scales (  mandatory awards  ) , and allowed them to provide grants for further education (  discretionary awards  ) .

The second required the establishment of boards of governors for polytechnics and other LEA-maintained colleges , and the specification of the governors ' functions vis-a-vis those of the LEAs and of the colleges ' principals .
the second [] the establishment of boards of governors for polytechnics and other lea-maintained colleges , and the specification of the governors ' functions vis-a-vis those of the leas and of the colleges ' principals .

This Act required new educational buildings to be made accessible to disabled people , unless this was incompatible with the efficient use of resources .
this act [] new educational buildings to be made accessible to disabled people , unless this was incompatible with the efficient use of resources .

This required LEAs to set up a careers service .
this [] leas to set up a careers service .

The school health service was transferred from LEAs to area health authorities , but LEAs were required to provide facilities for dental and medical inspection of pupils .
the school health service was transferred from leas to area health authorities , but leas were [] to provide facilities for dental and medical inspection of pupils .

It required those LEAs who had not already done so to submit to the Secretaries of State , by the end of the year , information about their plans for making their schools comprehensive .
it [] those leas who had not already done so to submit to the secretaries of state , by the end of the year , information about their plans for making their schools comprehensive .

This Act set the date in the summer term after which children aged 16 are no longer required to attend school .
this act set the date in the summer term after which children aged 16 are no longer [] to attend school .

It required all independent schools to be registered , and abolished the previous category of  recognised as efficient  .
it [] all independent schools to be registered , and abolished the previous category of  recognised as efficient  .

LEAs and school governors were required to provide information to parents on such matters as criteria for admission , exam results , curriculum , discipline and organisation .
leas and school governors were [] to provide information to parents on such matters as criteria for admission , exam results , curriculum , discipline and organisation .

Now the Secretary of State 's approval was required only if there were local objections to a proposal .
now the secretary of state 's approval was [] only if there were local objections to a proposal .

It empowered the Secretary of State to prescribe a common curriculum ( to be called the national curriculum ) for pupils of compulsory school age in maintained schools ( for details , see Chapter 10 ) , to set attainment targets for each of its constituent subjects at the ages of 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 , and to make arrangements for assessing how well these are met ; established a National Curriculum Council ( for England ) and a Curriculum Council for Wales to oversee the implementation and assessment of the national curriculum ; required LEAs , school governors and head teachers to ensure that the national curriculum is taught in all maintained schools .
it empowered the secretary of state to prescribe a common curriculum ( to be called the national curriculum ) for pupils of compulsory school age in maintained schools ( for details , see chapter 10 ) , to set attainment targets for each of its constituent subjects at the ages of 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 , and to make arrangements for assessing how well these are met ; established a national curriculum council ( for england ) and a curriculum council for wales to oversee the implementation and assessment of the national curriculum ; [] leas , school governors and head teachers to ensure that the national curriculum is taught in all maintained schools .

It required LEAs to delegate certain responsibilities for financial management and the appointment and dismissal of staff to the governing bodies of schools ; permitted the governing bodies to delegate many of these responsibilities to head teachers ( see Chapter 8 ) .
it [] leas to delegate certain responsibilities for financial management and the appointment and dismissal of staff to the governing bodies of schools ; permitted the governing bodies to delegate many of these responsibilities to head teachers ( see chapter 8 ) .

Since 1979 they too have been required to register with local authority Social Services Departments , and are not counted in the official education statistics .
since 1979 they too have been [] to register with local authority social services departments , and are not counted in the official education statistics .

First , the Act required LEAs to delegate important responsibilities to the governing bodies of all but the smallest schools and colleges , in particular the responsibility for managing a school 's budget and setting its own spending priorities , and for appointing ( and dismissing ) members of staff .
first , the act [] leas to delegate important responsibilities to the governing bodies of all but the smallest schools and colleges , in particular the responsibility for managing a school 's budget and setting its own spending priorities , and for appointing ( and dismissing ) members of staff .

Teachers are required to plan and prepare lessons , assess and keep records of pupils ' progress , and maintain discipline .
teachers are [] to plan and prepare lessons , assess and keep records of pupils ' progress , and maintain discipline .

Under Section 11 of the 1966 Local Government Act , local authorities can apply to the Home Office for 75 % of the costs of employing extra staff for educational ( and other ) purposes in areas with large numbers of Commonwealth immigrants for whom special provision is required because of differences in languages or customs .
under section 11 of the 1966 local government act , local authorities can apply to the home office for 75 % of the costs of employing extra staff for educational ( and other ) purposes in areas with large numbers of commonwealth immigrants for whom special provision is [] because of differences in languages or customs .

Many job advertisements specify the precise City and Guilds Certificate required by number , e.g .
many job advertisements specify the precise city and guilds certificate [] by number , e.g .

Shining-eyed , required nothing more
shining-eyed , [] nothing more

In Spain for example , where the social importance of a commission was comparatively slight , would-be officers were required to prove noble descent only in a few calvary regiments .
in spain for example , where the social importance of a commission was comparatively slight , would-be officers were [] to prove noble descent only in a few calvary regiments .

Referring to Section 6.2 it is clear that the required transformation can be achieved if we set equal to the value of at y .
referring to section 6.2 it is clear that the [] transformation can be achieved if we set equal to the value of at y .

The constant appearing in Einstein 's equation can be interpreted as the force per unit area required to give spacetime unit curvature , that is for a curvature of .
the constant appearing in einstein 's equation can be interpreted as the force per unit area [] to give spacetime unit curvature , that is for a curvature of .

Some further criterion of selection is required , which in practice must mean the analyst 's own preconceptions , or his overall impression , as to what is important or interesting about the text he is dealing with .
some further criterion of selection is [] , which in practice must mean the analyst 's own preconceptions , or his overall impression , as to what is important or interesting about the text he is dealing with .

It is of course possible that structures of the second kind , the equivalences of category , can be found in equal quantity in non-poetic language ; all that may be required , it has been argued ( Culler 1975 : 62 ) is a sufficiently flexible system of categorization .
it is of course possible that structures of the second kind , the equivalences of category , can be found in equal quantity in non-poetic language ; all that may be [] , it has been argued ( culler 1975 : 62 ) is a sufficiently flexible system of categorization .

Rather , the use of ornament was viewed strictly in its relation to the tone or level of style required by different kinds of writing , in accordance with the principle of decorum .
rather , the use of ornament was viewed strictly in its relation to the tone or level of style [] by different kinds of writing , in accordance with the principle of decorum .

She managed the ice-cream dessert a bit better  it required little effort to swallow  though she could n't taste a thing .
she managed the ice-cream dessert a bit better  it [] little effort to swallow  though she could n't taste a thing .

She would n't be required until the grand finale in the late afternoon , and for that she gave thanks .
she would n't be [] until the grand finale in the late afternoon , and for that she gave thanks .

The child is required to memorise the next lesson in the centrally-prepared text-book , sufficiently to pass the next weekly , monthly or yearly test .
the child is [] to memorise the next lesson in the centrally-prepared text-book , sufficiently to pass the next weekly , monthly or yearly test .

When there is general agreement that a subject is relevant it appears that no justification is required to maintain its position in the school curriculum .
when there is general agreement that a subject is relevant it appears that no justification is [] to maintain its position in the school curriculum .

Secondly , even where there is some clarity about the required attributes , there is difficulty in measuring their attainment .
secondly , even where there is some clarity about the [] attributes , there is difficulty in measuring their attainment .

With little possibility of much fulfilment in this world , they look to the next ; they are for ever visiting temples and mosques ( for this they are required to revert to their male clothes ) and going on pilgrimage to Hindu and Muslim shrines over the subcontinent .
with little possibility of much fulfilment in this world , they look to the next ; they are for ever visiting temples and mosques ( for this they are [] to revert to their male clothes ) and going on pilgrimage to hindu and muslim shrines over the subcontinent .

The new bride , required by Hindu etiquette to be blushingly coy for several weeks after her marriage , cowered beyond the open window , twitching the lace curtain .
the new bride , [] by hindu etiquette to be blushingly coy for several weeks after her marriage , cowered beyond the open window , twitching the lace curtain .

Say a well-preserved sixty-four , highly sophisticated , speaking at least three languages , enough to get him out of trouble in most countries , and with a select if scattered network of friends and colleagues all across the Middle East , to lend him a hand if required .
say a well-preserved sixty-four , highly sophisticated , speaking at least three languages , enough to get him out of trouble in most countries , and with a select if scattered network of friends and colleagues all across the middle east , to lend him a hand if [] .

And just here is the vent from the heating system , the column that brought the hot air directly up here into the room when required .
and just here is the vent from the heating system , the column that brought the hot air directly up here into the room when [] .

They could send the temperature up quickly when required , by raising the cover  even admit the flames from the furnace if they wanted to .
they could send the temperature up quickly when [] , by raising the cover  even admit the flames from the furnace if they wanted to .

 And that was a question , and required an answer .
 and that was a question , and [] an answer .

In Arrale v. Costain [ 1976 ] 1 Lloyds Rep. 98 the plaintiff who had been injured in the course of his employment in Dubai was paid by his employer , the defendants , the amount of compensation required by the law of Dubai .
in arrale v. costain [ 1976 ] 1 lloyds rep. 98 the plaintiff who had been injured in the course of his employment in dubai was paid by his employer , the defendants , the amount of compensation [] by the law of dubai .

Lind incorporates feeling into his theory by suggesting a direct link between the degree of focal activity required to make something intelligible and the intensity of the corresponding muscular and visceral sensations .
lind incorporates feeling into his theory by suggesting a direct link between the degree of focal activity [] to make something intelligible and the intensity of the corresponding muscular and visceral sensations .

As a result less effort is required for its enjoyment and the resulting pleasure , although being more immediately available is also more superficial and more quickly exhausted .
as a result less effort is [] for its enjoyment and the resulting pleasure , although being more immediately available is also more superficial and more quickly exhausted .

Such a system could incorporate images to be construed ; hold relevant information to be drawn upon as required ; include a capacity to enlarge or select from the image under consideration ; provide cues aimed at stimulating a search for undiscovered features or ideas and be partially interactive in a non-verbal mode by means of direct pointing with a light pen .
such a system could incorporate images to be construed ; hold relevant information to be drawn upon as [] ; include a capacity to enlarge or select from the image under consideration ; provide cues aimed at stimulating a search for undiscovered features or ideas and be partially interactive in a non-verbal mode by means of direct pointing with a light pen .

The only legible thing in it was the peremptory note about when it was required .
the only legible thing in it was the peremptory note about when it was [] .

There was no reason for it , except that when he was talking to Jimmy Williams he regularly felt that Jimmy required his interlocutors to act a part .
there was no reason for it , except that when he was talking to jimmy williams he regularly felt that jimmy [] his interlocutors to act a part .

Quite what part was required , he was by no means sure .
quite what part was [] , he was by no means sure .

 Canon Wheeler required his staff to be in ,  in the circumstances  , as he put it .
 canon wheeler [] his staff to be in ,  in the circumstances  , as he put it .

Yet she had not been required to tell them : they had not asked .
yet she had not been [] to tell them : they had not asked .

Louisa saw that some further response was required .
louisa saw that some further response was [] .

He had pressed on with the work , permitting no more interruption than common courtesy required , and had joined in the prayer of thanksgiving with a truly heartfelt gratitude not occasioned only by the woman 's departure .
he had pressed on with the work , permitting no more interruption than common courtesy [] , and had joined in the prayer of thanksgiving with a truly heartfelt gratitude not occasioned only by the woman 's departure .

It required a calmer appraisal of her predicament .
it [] a calmer appraisal of her predicament .

Louisa 's solitude , the wary alertness of her face , the way  symbolically at least  she brought the bright sword of her intellect to her defence  these and many other factors required this particular card and no other as her ambassador in the court of Le Grand Jeu .
louisa 's solitude , the wary alertness of her face , the way  symbolically at least  she brought the bright sword of her intellect to her defence  these and many other factors [] this particular card and no other as her ambassador in the court of le grand jeu .

She had striven to make her work perfect  forgetful that it was not perfection which life required , but completeness .
she had striven to make her work perfect  forgetful that it was not perfection which life [] , but completeness .

No doubt in some cases this was true , but as research has indicated a much denser pattern of settlement in earlier periods , and as continuity seems to be the norm , the role of churches has required re-examination .
no doubt in some cases this was true , but as research has indicated a much denser pattern of settlement in earlier periods , and as continuity seems to be the norm , the role of churches has [] re-examination .

Cattle required good quality pasture and plentiful hay if they were to be kept over the winter , which they generally were .
cattle [] good quality pasture and plentiful hay if they were to be kept over the winter , which they generally were .

However , they required good pasture and plentiful hay and would probably always have been kept in closes near to the farmsteads .
however , they [] good pasture and plentiful hay and would probably always have been kept in closes near to the farmsteads .

He expected silence when he spoke , almost required it , and the more worshipful the better .
he expected silence when he spoke , almost [] it , and the more worshipful the better .

Goose required the most careful carving .
goose [] the most careful carving .

When she required more coffee he leapt up , determined to prove his newfound love and to take the opportunity the task afforded of sitting by her side .
when she [] more coffee he leapt up , determined to prove his newfound love and to take the opportunity the task afforded of sitting by her side .

He never came to a conclusion for Angelina and Oliver came at just the wrong moment , just as the fish required the hand of the matre .
he never came to a conclusion for angelina and oliver came at just the wrong moment , just as the fish [] the hand of the matre .

Alexandra had packed her own trunk  Iskandara had required it  ; and she wondered now if her methods were fit for public scrutiny .
alexandra had packed her own trunk  iskandara had [] it  ; and she wondered now if her methods were fit for public scrutiny .

They played turn the trencher and Blind Man 's Buff and forfeits , during the course of which Robert was required to kiss Alexandra and became entirely incoherent with rapture .
they played turn the trencher and blind man 's buff and forfeits , during the course of which robert was [] to kiss alexandra and became entirely incoherent with rapture .

To take a case from the motoring sphere , supposing one wished to exclude vehicles above a certain length from a residential street ; would the ordinary motorist tolerate a barrier which required a complex reversing manoevre ?
to take a case from the motoring sphere , supposing one wished to exclude vehicles above a certain length from a residential street ; would the ordinary motorist tolerate a barrier which [] a complex reversing manoevre ?

Fourth , if a cycle reservation fee is required , then it must be valid for the whole journey including changes of operator .
fourth , if a cycle reservation fee is [] , then it must be valid for the whole journey including changes of operator .

The interests of the directors in shares of the company , according to the register required to be kept by Section 325 of the Companies Act 1985 , were : 31st March 1993
the interests of the directors in shares of the company , according to the register [] to be kept by section 325 of the companies act 1985 , were : 31st march 1993

In other words , the great domain , far from being a closed unit , required the market to dispose of its surpluses and to meet its needs for extraneous products .
in other words , the great domain , far from being a closed unit , [] the market to dispose of its surpluses and to meet its needs for extraneous products .

In 860 , for instance , when Charles needed cash to hire a Viking warband , he taxed not only churches and peasants but also `` traders , even very small-scale ones : their houses and all their stock were valued and on that basis a rate was assessed and required `` .
in 860 , for instance , when charles needed cash to hire a viking warband , he taxed not only churches and peasants but also `` traders , even very small-scale ones : their houses and all their stock were valued and on that basis a rate was assessed and [] `` .

Peasants certainly lacked the spatial mobility required for regular participation in the politics of the realm .
peasants certainly lacked the spatial mobility [] for regular participation in the politics of the realm .

Charles now found himself in a situation that would often recur : he had important unfinished business in Aquitaine , but his presence was required in Francia .
charles now found himself in a situation that would often recur : he had important unfinished business in aquitaine , but his presence was [] in francia .

Even more amazing is how they managed to arrive at just the right place , and at just the right day and hour required , when not even Charles himself knew where he and his men would be .
even more amazing is how they managed to arrive at just the right place , and at just the right day and hour [] , when not even charles himself knew where he and his men would be .

The correct royal and liturgical equipment was required for the greatest feast of the church 's year : its arrival from so `` far away `` ( in fact , from northern Aquitaine ) was timely in every sense .
the correct royal and liturgical equipment was [] for the greatest feast of the church 's year : its arrival from so `` far away `` ( in fact , from northern aquitaine ) was timely in every sense .

Could you please let me know if there are any planning or highway constraints on the size and design of gates that can be put up in this area and if planning consent is required .
could you please let me know if there are any planning or highway constraints on the size and design of gates that can be put up in this area and if planning consent is [] .

Services Required
services []

The ways in which heads reported to governors before the 1980 Education Act , when there was less community representation , and after the 1986 Act which required governors to report to annual parent meetings ( and for which the reports were largely written by heads ) , differ from the task after the Education Reform Act .
the ways in which heads reported to governors before the 1980 education act , when there was less community representation , and after the 1986 act which [] governors to report to annual parent meetings ( and for which the reports were largely written by heads ) , differ from the task after the education reform act .

Most of the steps which are required in creating improvement are , after the 1988 Education Act , under school control .
most of the steps which are [] in creating improvement are , after the 1988 education act , under school control .

As well as being influenced by what is required in local terms , schools are also bound , on a national scale , to be affected by statements such , for example , as those of the Secretary of State for Education and Science .
as well as being influenced by what is [] in local terms , schools are also bound , on a national scale , to be affected by statements such , for example , as those of the secretary of state for education and science .

If after that the prime manager finds that there is still opposition to a management plan , losses must be cut and the required action put in hand , come what may .
if after that the prime manager finds that there is still opposition to a management plan , losses must be cut and the [] action put in hand , come what may .

If a class teacher is unduly censorious about reading difficulties or if a parent who , in school , listens to children reading but shows impatience , all that is required of management is the gentle touch .
if a class teacher is unduly censorious about reading difficulties or if a parent who , in school , listens to children reading but shows impatience , all that is [] of management is the gentle touch .

Nor can teachers any longer be allowed to say that they do not know what will be required of their pupils three , six or eight years later .
nor can teachers any longer be allowed to say that they do not know what will be [] of their pupils three , six or eight years later .

They became less capable of providing central services on an economical basis ( school transport , for instance ) or on an equitable basis ( such as evenly spread central library facilities or schemes of specialist instruction and the organization required in , for instance , music ) .
they became less capable of providing central services on an economical basis ( school transport , for instance ) or on an equitable basis ( such as evenly spread central library facilities or schemes of specialist instruction and the organization [] in , for instance , music ) .

Heads and governors were not required to manage these two main influences although headteachers themselves were often directly involved in the committees and working parties which steered the programmes of teachers ' centres .
heads and governors were not [] to manage these two main influences although headteachers themselves were often directly involved in the committees and working parties which steered the programmes of teachers ' centres .

Bosses still had to be bosses when the occasion required but that was understood easily and early .
bosses still had to be bosses when the occasion [] but that was understood easily and early .

From time to time discipline required some distance , briefly , to be drawn between the adult and the student but managers deliberately kept such periods short , in order not to dissipate the strength of the group .
from time to time discipline [] some distance , briefly , to be drawn between the adult and the student but managers deliberately kept such periods short , in order not to dissipate the strength of the group .

As things stand , they are required to balance their own views , the local authority 's policy , the head 's guidance and the imperatives of the national curriculum in their school 's curriculum statement .
as things stand , they are [] to balance their own views , the local authority 's policy , the head 's guidance and the imperatives of the national curriculum in their school 's curriculum statement .

The exception is the teacher who dissipates other people 's goodwill by edging further into a personally disorganized life or by losing any real sense of what is required of a teacher .
the exception is the teacher who dissipates other people 's goodwill by edging further into a personally disorganized life or by losing any real sense of what is [] of a teacher .

No previous experience is required although an interest in bus routes and cold soup would prove useful .
no previous experience is [] although an interest in bus routes and cold soup would prove useful .

Contracts would normally run for three years and applicants would be required to start as soon as possible .
contracts would normally run for three years and applicants would be [] to start as soon as possible .

It had taken twice as long as planned due to the heat and it was decided that a 6.00am start was required on the second day .
it had taken twice as long as planned due to the heat and it was decided that a 6.00am start was [] on the second day .

We have one Heart trick , two Diamond tricks , one Club trick , and two clear Spade tricks , making a total of six  well short of the required total of nine .
we have one heart trick , two diamond tricks , one club trick , and two clear spade tricks , making a total of six  well short of the [] total of nine .

12oz penne pasta ( or more if required )
12oz penne pasta ( or more if [] )

Installing a pond may be expensive and time consuming but , thereafter , little maintenance is required .
installing a pond may be expensive and time consuming but , thereafter , little maintenance is [] .

To be successful , this required surprise , speed and weak enemy defences .
to be successful , this [] surprise , speed and weak enemy defences .

The first attempt did not succeed ; mainly , in the view of military historian Gabriel Cardona , because Franco failed to realize that the conquest of a large city like Madrid required massive and concentrated artillery attack , with coordinated and sustained support from the air , not African-style cavalry charges followed by rapid , but unsupported , infantry attack .
the first attempt did not succeed ; mainly , in the view of military historian gabriel cardona , because franco failed to realize that the conquest of a large city like madrid [] massive and concentrated artillery attack , with coordinated and sustained support from the air , not african-style cavalry charges followed by rapid , but unsupported , infantry attack .

All it required was the moral and political will , and control of the physical means .
all it [] was the moral and political will , and control of the physical means .

Controlling his own forces required more subtle tactics , for they could not be dismissed as `` anti-Spain `` and their part in his victory and elevation gave them a claim on his gratitude and on how post-war Spain would be shaped .
controlling his own forces [] more subtle tactics , for they could not be dismissed as `` anti-spain `` and their part in his victory and elevation gave them a claim on his gratitude and on how post-war spain would be shaped .

Nevertheless , legislation still required his sanction , and he continued to preside over cabinet meetings .
nevertheless , legislation still [] his sanction , and he continued to preside over cabinet meetings .

It involves being alert to particular developments in the situation for which campaigning action is required .
it involves being alert to particular developments in the situation for which campaigning action is [] .

Finalised Lead Body standards have now been published and some fine tuning of the modules may be required to ensure that all the Lead Body standards are explicitly stated in the modules .
finalised lead body standards have now been published and some fine tuning of the modules may be [] to ensure that all the lead body standards are explicitly stated in the modules .

It includes those qualities of personal effectiveness that are required in the workplace to deal with co-workers , managers and customers .
it includes those qualities of personal effectiveness that are [] in the workplace to deal with co-workers , managers and customers .

Work or tasks should be prioritised  this can be achieved by giving verbal instructions , setting deadlines or adding written instructions to tasks in the pack , eg. the Financial Statement in the set of tasks is required by 1030 hours for the Board Meeting .
work or tasks should be prioritised  this can be achieved by giving verbal instructions , setting deadlines or adding written instructions to tasks in the pack , eg. the financial statement in the set of tasks is [] by 1030 hours for the board meeting .

Interruptions should be  arranged  , eg. a telephone call has to be made or attended to , some urgent photocopying must be done , a note on a task which required information from a supervisor , a coffee/lunch break within a batch of work or a person interrupting the work .
interruptions should be  arranged  , eg. a telephone call has to be made or attended to , some urgent photocopying must be done , a note on a task which [] information from a supervisor , a coffee/lunch break within a batch of work or a person interrupting the work .

The award consists of a programme of National Certificate modules and the ten core modules include the competences required for a career in the retail travel trade .
the award consists of a programme of national certificate modules and the ten core modules include the competences [] for a career in the retail travel trade .

The student will demonstrate the interpersonal skills and self-management skills required by an employee in the travel industry .
the student will demonstrate the interpersonal skills and self-management skills [] by an employee in the travel industry .

seek agreement from the placement that centre staff can carry out monitoring visits as required ;
seek agreement from the placement that centre staff can carry out monitoring visits as [] ;

7.5 The Assessment Procedures section of each descriptor identifies the minimum assessment evidence required . For example , in Work Experience 1 , the recommended assessment evidence supporting the Personal Interview and Practical Exercises is :
7.5 the assessment procedures section of each descriptor identifies the minimum assessment evidence [] . for example , in work experience 1 , the recommended assessment evidence supporting the personal interview and practical exercises is :

Students will be required to review the contribution of enterprise activity to their own personal and social development and to relate the learning gained to other areas of life , recognising the transferability of process skills .
students will be [] to review the contribution of enterprise activity to their own personal and social development and to relate the learning gained to other areas of life , recognising the transferability of process skills .

The student is required to take a leading role in undertaking the activity and to initiate and sustain working relationships throughout the module .
the student is [] to take a leading role in undertaking the activity and to initiate and sustain working relationships throughout the module .

The skills required to carry out enterprise activity at Level Three are complex and require the student to deal with a variety of tasks which are running concurrently .
the skills [] to carry out enterprise activity at level three are complex and require the student to deal with a variety of tasks which are running concurrently .

The tutor will provide instruction in methodologies involved in an investigation and in the interpersonal skills which may be required .
the tutor will provide instruction in methodologies involved in an investigation and in the interpersonal skills which may be [] .

Students are required to keep a record of the planning and implementation of the investigation .
students are [] to keep a record of the planning and implementation of the investigation .

5.1 The changes to the Assessment Procedures required a review of the Learning Outcomes and a reduction of the overlap between the modules .
5.1 the changes to the assessment procedures [] a review of the learning outcomes and a reduction of the overlap between the modules .

 The ability to perform activities required to the standards specified . 
 the ability to perform activities [] to the standards specified . 

The Assessment Procedures section of the module descriptor is designed to provide the tutor with the information required to devise assessment material .
the assessment procedures section of the module descriptor is designed to provide the tutor with the information [] to devise assessment material .

Modules in which competences required for occupations in a biology context are developed .
modules in which competences [] for occupations in a biology context are developed .

Modules in which competences required for occupations in a chemistry context are developed .
modules in which competences [] for occupations in a chemistry context are developed .

Modules in which competences required for occupations in a physics context are developed .
modules in which competences [] for occupations in a physics context are developed .

The student is required to record which response matches each of the statements .
the student is [] to record which response matches each of the statements .

In completion terms , the student is required to supply the word(s) which complete a given statement .
in completion terms , the student is [] to supply the word(s) which complete a given statement .

SVQs contain the competences required to carry out particular job functions .
svqs contain the competences [] to carry out particular job functions .

There can be as much discussion as is required and students can be directed to known sources of topics .
there can be as much discussion as is [] and students can be directed to known sources of topics .

The tutor is permitted to assist the student in obtaining and operationalising any resources required for the investigation , eg computers and software .
the tutor is permitted to assist the student in obtaining and operationalising any resources [] for the investigation , eg computers and software .

In addition , the tutor can advise on alternative equipment or software which will perform the required functions more quickly or more effectively .
in addition , the tutor can advise on alternative equipment or software which will perform the [] functions more quickly or more effectively .

Group work may be encouraged during the investigation and the tutor may give appropriate guidance to the student if required .
group work may be encouraged during the investigation and the tutor may give appropriate guidance to the student if [] .

Determine the number of trains required to maintain a service between Glasgow and Edinburgh , based on the current timetable .
determine the number of trains [] to maintain a service between glasgow and edinburgh , based on the current timetable .

Fourth , should employers be required to accommodate disability ?
fourth , should employers be [] to accommodate disability ?

However , once an offer of employment has been made , a medical examination could be required before the new recruit commences employment duties .
however , once an offer of employment has been made , a medical examination could be [] before the new recruit commences employment duties .

Once in employment , employees would not be required to undergo a medical examination at the behest of the employer , except to ascertain an employee 's continuing ability to perform job-related functions .
once in employment , employees would not be [] to undergo a medical examination at the behest of the employer , except to ascertain an employee 's continuing ability to perform job-related functions .

Would  the authorising or endorsing of industrial action  extend to failing to hold a ballot on whether to call off industrial action , if the rules required this ? s9
would  the authorising or endorsing of industrial action  extend to failing to hold a ballot on whether to call off industrial action , if the rules [] this ? s9

The relevant circumstance for purposes of the comparison required by section 5 ( 3 ) to be made is expected unavailability at the material time ( p 30 ) .
the relevant circumstance for purposes of the comparison [] by section 5 ( 3 ) to be made is expected unavailability at the material time ( p 30 ) .

 The task force , together with our major contractors , did a magnificent job working on an extremely tight design and construction programme and the commissioning teams continue to hit key target dates required to achieve the start of active commissioning in early 1993 .
 the task force , together with our major contractors , did a magnificent job working on an extremely tight design and construction programme and the commissioning teams continue to hit key target dates [] to achieve the start of active commissioning in early 1993 .

Ray completed his required 43 hours flying time out in the Algarve region of sunny Portugal , a far cry from the Cumbrian airstrip where he began his training .
ray completed his [] 43 hours flying time out in the algarve region of sunny portugal , a far cry from the cumbrian airstrip where he began his training .

and , who work in Risley 's Effluent Plant Projects Office , were quick off the mark in the second race and were back in the boat house long before the second boat , crewed by and , had completed the required four laps .
and , who work in risley 's effluent plant projects office , were quick off the mark in the second race and were back in the boat house long before the second boat , crewed by and , had completed the [] four laps .

These codes apply to conduct which may involve risk issues as well as other situations , and members may be held to account for behaviour which falls short of the required standard .
these codes apply to conduct which may involve risk issues as well as other situations , and members may be held to account for behaviour which falls short of the [] standard .

In the absence or inadequacy of a procedure , it is recognised that judgement is required .
in the absence or inadequacy of a procedure , it is recognised that judgement is [] .

It is all too easy to lead to the conclusion that compliance with regulations is all that is required for safety , i.e .
it is all too easy to lead to the conclusion that compliance with regulations is all that is [] for safety , i.e .

evaluation of required operator decision making and the optimum balance between the human and automatic contributions to safety actions
evaluation of [] operator decision making and the optimum balance between the human and automatic contributions to safety actions

However , if a system is such that an error in the software alone could cause a fault , then care must be taken to ensure that the software is to the standard required by the application .
however , if a system is such that an error in the software alone could cause a fault , then care must be taken to ensure that the software is to the standard [] by the application .

The level of complexity required depends on the type of study .
the level of complexity [] depends on the type of study .

Finally , beyond a certain degree of complexity , a means for formally auditing the complete risk management process will be required .
finally , beyond a certain degree of complexity , a means for formally auditing the complete risk management process will be [] .

It is not intended to be comprehensive , but should serve to illustrate the approach required .
it is not intended to be comprehensive , but should serve to illustrate the approach [] .

69 All individuals on the Register shall be required to conform to the Rules of Conduct promulgated by the Council .
69 all individuals on the register shall be [] to conform to the rules of conduct promulgated by the council .

similar bridges throughout the country in service , under design and under construction were checked ; over 50% required strengthening
similar bridges throughout the country in service , under design and under construction were checked ; over 50% [] strengthening

Judgement is required to match the approach to the nature of the hazard and the level of risk .
judgement is [] to match the approach to the nature of the hazard and the level of risk .

With almost every resource in short supply , the management of the war economy required not only government control but complex and intricate planning of requirements and allocation .
with almost every resource in short supply , the management of the war economy [] not only government control but complex and intricate planning of requirements and allocation .

For instance , what level of full employment should the government aim at , and what level of spending would be required to achieve it ?
for instance , what level of full employment should the government aim at , and what level of spending would be [] to achieve it ?

The aim of the discussion on full employment policy in his Cabinet committee was to put out a statement before Beveridge , and the politicians were prepared to slide over practical difficulties in implementing the policy  all that was required was a statement of principles .
the aim of the discussion on full employment policy in his cabinet committee was to put out a statement before beveridge , and the politicians were prepared to slide over practical difficulties in implementing the policy  all that was [] was a statement of principles .

In this sense the wartime consensus was an illusion based on the extrapolation of wartime solidarity into peacetime and on the fact that all that was required was the maintenance of full employment , not its creation anew .
in this sense the wartime consensus was an illusion based on the extrapolation of wartime solidarity into peacetime and on the fact that all that was [] was the maintenance of full employment , not its creation anew .

The top level , the strategical level , is required for tasks like route planning and estimating travel time .
the top level , the strategical level , is [] for tasks like route planning and estimating travel time .

Even when the use of general attentional resources is required from the subject it appears that the amount of cognitive effort does not directly determine the quality of memory ( Mitchell & Hunt , 1989 ) .
even when the use of general attentional resources is [] from the subject it appears that the amount of cognitive effort does not directly determine the quality of memory ( mitchell & hunt , 1989 ) .

This interpretation is strengthened by a recent study by Fisher ( 1992 ) who also found poor recall for previous road signs although in this study drivers were not required to stop since the experimenter was posing as a hitch-hiker .
this interpretation is strengthened by a recent study by fisher ( 1992 ) who also found poor recall for previous road signs although in this study drivers were not [] to stop since the experimenter was posing as a hitch-hiker .

This method at least appears to have some principled rationale underlying it , however , Rosch herself stresses that the basic level is not necessarily fixed ( Rosch , Mervis , Gray , Johnson & Boyes-Braem , 1976 ) , but depends both on the interaction required with the object and the expertise of the observer ( Tanaka & Taylor , 1991 ) .
this method at least appears to have some principled rationale underlying it , however , rosch herself stresses that the basic level is not necessarily fixed ( rosch , mervis , gray , johnson & boyes-braem , 1976 ) , but depends both on the interaction [] with the object and the expertise of the observer ( tanaka & taylor , 1991 ) .

Where the task has been to make judgments of affective tone or extract central information from a slide , differences have emerged between central and peripheral details and this may well reflect the fact that attention to arousing information or central information ( which are assumed to be the same thing ) is explicitly required for task performance .
where the task has been to make judgments of affective tone or extract central information from a slide , differences have emerged between central and peripheral details and this may well reflect the fact that attention to arousing information or central information ( which are assumed to be the same thing ) is explicitly [] for task performance .

Before starting the drive and after completing it subjects filled in a questionnaire in which they were required to rate their ability at 12 different standard driving manoeuvres .
before starting the drive and after completing it subjects filled in a questionnaire in which they were [] to rate their ability at 12 different standard driving manoeuvres .

These were the 12 different manoeuvres required during the drive .
these were the 12 different manoeuvres [] during the drive .

In fact subjects generally found it relatively easy to understand the rating required and found no difficulty in using it thus the general conclusion from this study is that drivers do report fluctuating levels of subjective risk .
in fact subjects generally found it relatively easy to understand the rating [] and found no difficulty in using it thus the general conclusion from this study is that drivers do report fluctuating levels of subjective risk .

One could either argue that the lack of action required by the subject at the time prevented any memories from being encoded , or that the lack of aspects of the situation which were specific to that particular drive made it extremely difficult to actually retrieve a memory for it .
one could either argue that the lack of action [] by the subject at the time prevented any memories from being encoded , or that the lack of aspects of the situation which were specific to that particular drive made it extremely difficult to actually retrieve a memory for it .

This could have been explained either as an effect of the greater attention required to drive through unfamiliar junctions , or by the novelty of the stimuli making them more distinctive in memory .
this could have been explained either as an effect of the greater attention [] to drive through unfamiliar junctions , or by the novelty of the stimuli making them more distinctive in memory .

While subjects were actually driving around they were required to give risk ratings , this may have caused them to concentrate unusually on the risky situations and think about them to a much greater degree than they would have normally .
while subjects were actually driving around they were [] to give risk ratings , this may have caused them to concentrate unusually on the risky situations and think about them to a much greater degree than they would have normally .

All car controls are in place but subjects were not required to use them in this experiment .
all car controls are in place but subjects were not [] to use them in this experiment .

Between the two phases subjects answered two brief questionnaires which together required approximately five minutes to complete .
between the two phases subjects answered two brief questionnaires which together [] approximately five minutes to complete .

In the Groeger and Chapman study responses were made on a seven point response keypad with the question repeated each time a rating was required .
in the groeger and chapman study responses were made on a seven point response keypad with the question repeated each time a rating was [] .

It is possible that this is a result of the different judgment tasks that were used , certainly subjects reported finding the normality judgment a more difficult task to understand than either of the tasks from Study 2 , it is possible that it also required more attention to the films generally .
it is possible that this is a result of the different judgment tasks that were used , certainly subjects reported finding the normality judgment a more difficult task to understand than either of the tasks from study 2 , it is possible that it also [] more attention to the films generally .

The possibility of making the recognition task too easy for subjects is especially difficult to guard against in this type of study since a major expenditure of time and effort is required to collect films and create stimulus tapes , this makes extensive piloting unrealistic .
the possibility of making the recognition task too easy for subjects is especially difficult to guard against in this type of study since a major expenditure of time and effort is [] to collect films and create stimulus tapes , this makes extensive piloting unrealistic .

These differences in aim required a number of differences in methodology .
these differences in aim [] a number of differences in methodology .

In the North Sea , the same technique will halve the number of wells required to develop the Forth field .
in the north sea , the same technique will halve the number of wells [] to develop the forth field .

( i ) If absence is less than 3 days  completed self certification form required on return to work
( i ) if absence is less than 3 days  completed self certification form [] on return to work

The results of an enquiry can be printed out and retained for reference if required .
the results of an enquiry can be printed out and retained for reference if [] .

Guidance and assistance on filing procedures is available as required .
guidance and assistance on filing procedures is available as [] .

Arrangements should be made with the Regional Secretary 's Department for the required number of certified copies .
arrangements should be made with the regional secretary 's department for the [] number of certified copies .

1.1 You are employed in the service of the Council initially at  but following consultation and mutual agreement with the appropriate trade union you may be required to service at another of the Council 's establishments .
1.1 you are employed in the service of the council initially at  but following consultation and mutual agreement with the appropriate trade union you may be [] to service at another of the council 's establishments .

7.1 ( a ) You are required to give the Council  weeks notice of termination of employment .
7.1 ( a ) you are [] to give the council  weeks notice of termination of employment .

( b ) ( i ) Subject to the Statutory minimum Periods of Notice set out below the Council is required to give to you  weeks notice of termination of employment .
( b ) ( i ) subject to the statutory minimum periods of notice set out below the council is [] to give to you  weeks notice of termination of employment .

Under statute you are required to make provision for your pension .
under statute you are [] to make provision for your pension .

The postholder is required to report regularly to the Head of Section on these activities and operations .
the postholder is [] to report regularly to the head of section on these activities and operations .

To carry out all functions and duties of a Trading Standards Officer as required .
to carry out all functions and duties of a trading standards officer as [] .

The postholder is required to report regularly to the Divisional Officer on the activities and operations of the section .
the postholder is [] to report regularly to the divisional officer on the activities and operations of the section .

The postholder is also required to bring to the immediate attention of the Divisional Officer matters of a more complex and demanding nature .
the postholder is also [] to bring to the immediate attention of the divisional officer matters of a more complex and demanding nature .

The postholder is required to provide a high level of expertise in his/her current specialism to senior management and the other Divisions while retaining a detailed knowledge of all other areas of the Department 's enforcement/advisory provisions .
the postholder is [] to provide a high level of expertise in his/her current specialism to senior management and the other divisions while retaining a detailed knowledge of all other areas of the department 's enforcement/advisory provisions .

Some reseeding may be required to the areas previously sown and which suffered from early frosts .
some reseeding may be [] to the areas previously sown and which suffered from early frosts .

The Contractor will be required to provide his own supply for drinking water etc .
the contractor will be [] to provide his own supply for drinking water etc .

All men on site will be required to wear hard hats and safety boots at all times within the designated areas .
all men on site will be [] to wear hard hats and safety boots at all times within the designated areas .

Carry out any internal works required to assist the Mechanical.Electrical Contractors and orderd by the Engineer .
carry out any internal works [] to assist the mechanical.electrical contractors and orderd by the engineer .

Will be paid if you are required to be at work over the lunch period ( ie 1200  1400 ) and there is no Council establishment at which a lunch could be obtained .
will be paid if you are [] to be at work over the lunch period ( ie 1200  1400 ) and there is no council establishment at which a lunch could be obtained .

3 After 3 days absence , the employee is required to contact the department , as it will be their 4th day without contact .
3 after 3 days absence , the employee is [] to contact the department , as it will be their 4th day without contact .

Education/Vocatinoal Qualifications Required
education/vocatinoal qualifications []

Experience Required
experience []

6 Any relief cover required will be offered on a fair and equitable basis
6 any relief cover [] will be offered on a fair and equitable basis

In the circumstances of the current reorganisation however , employees will be allowed to retain the new level of protected hours , in a higher grade post if the result is a saving due to the reduction in staff numbers , either in the post they are vacating or in a lower graded post further down the structure or if his replacement is being appointed on the grade and hours required in the final structure .
in the circumstances of the current reorganisation however , employees will be allowed to retain the new level of protected hours , in a higher grade post if the result is a saving due to the reduction in staff numbers , either in the post they are vacating or in a lower graded post further down the structure or if his replacement is being appointed on the grade and hours [] in the final structure .

These capital schemes , though extremely welcome , are only going a part of the way towards the complete overhaul of the majority of the fixed plant which is required within Wimpey Minerals .
these capital schemes , though extremely welcome , are only going a part of the way towards the complete overhaul of the majority of the fixed plant which is [] within wimpey minerals .

As part of this she has to determine what type of landscaping is required according to the style of development and the buyers it will attract  from first-time buyers through to the luxury end of the market .
as part of this she has to determine what type of landscaping is [] according to the style of development and the buyers it will attract  from first-time buyers through to the luxury end of the market .

With plans formulated , Kate is then allocated a budget to cover all aspects of the landscaping . As well as buying the necessary trees , shrubs , paving , fencing and seating required , Kate also gives attention to retaining the character of each site by ensuring that any existing trees or features of natural beauty
with plans formulated , kate is then allocated a budget to cover all aspects of the landscaping . as well as buying the necessary trees , shrubs , paving , fencing and seating [] , kate also gives attention to retaining the character of each site by ensuring that any existing trees or features of natural beauty

 Because of changes in the law , we are now required to place much greater emphasis on how waste is disposed of and the risk of contamination through inadequate control .
 because of changes in the law , we are now [] to place much greater emphasis on how waste is disposed of and the risk of contamination through inadequate control .

This required a great deal of management awareness and commitment .
this [] a great deal of management awareness and commitment .

Russian and Arabic , no overt exponent is required .
russian and arabic , no overt exponent is [] .

There may be rare instances where a situation can be covered by one meaning but not by the other ; a police investigation might conceivably report that `` criminal activity `` ( associative use ) `` in the southern suburbs includes ostentatious donations to charity in order to cultivate an image of respectability `` ; a lawyer might jocularly speak of criminal activity having sharply increased in his legal chambers ( though intuitive awareness of the ambiguity might just as well make him avoid the phrase ) ; in both these cases the associative interpretation , only , is required .
there may be rare instances where a situation can be covered by one meaning but not by the other ; a police investigation might conceivably report that `` criminal activity `` ( associative use ) `` in the southern suburbs includes ostentatious donations to charity in order to cultivate an image of respectability `` ; a lawyer might jocularly speak of criminal activity having sharply increased in his legal chambers ( though intuitive awareness of the ambiguity might just as well make him avoid the phrase ) ; in both these cases the associative interpretation , only , is [] .

The reason for this in turn is quite straightforward : in any language which makes a distinction between nouns and adjectives , it will be natural to use an adjective when assignment of a property is required ; it may sometimes be quite easy to find an adjective and a noun which express near enough  or even exactly  the same properties , and differ only in that one is an adjective and the other is a noun , but to use the latter for assignment is to risk conveying the unwanted imputation of `` entity-hood `` on top of the semantic value required ( see Section 1.10 ) ; therefore when a noun or noun phrase is chosen it will normally presuppose that the construction is not that of assignment of a property but instead one of equation .
the reason for this in turn is quite straightforward : in any language which makes a distinction between nouns and adjectives , it will be natural to use an adjective when assignment of a property is [] ; it may sometimes be quite easy to find an adjective and a noun which express near enough  or even exactly  the same properties , and differ only in that one is an adjective and the other is a noun , but to use the latter for assignment is to risk conveying the unwanted imputation of `` entity-hood `` on top of the semantic value [] ( see section 1.10 ) ; therefore when a noun or noun phrase is chosen it will normally presuppose that the construction is not that of assignment of a property but instead one of equation .

Adjectives occurring postnominally with characteristic value are perhaps less frequently encountered , but they are still by no means uncommon ; we have already queried Bolinger 's view of the only river navigable ; and in the third example from ( 17 ) , it could hardly be claimed that the buildings were only adjacent on some particular occasion . We could also cite such cases as : ( 29 ) some parts inaccessible will be mapped from the air the shelter required [ for fishing boats ] is provided by Cape St. James
adjectives occurring postnominally with characteristic value are perhaps less frequently encountered , but they are still by no means uncommon ; we have already queried bolinger 's view of the only river navigable ; and in the third example from ( 17 ) , it could hardly be claimed that the buildings were only adjacent on some particular occasion . we could also cite such cases as : ( 29 ) some parts inaccessible will be mapped from the air the shelter [] [ for fishing boats ] is provided by cape st. james

Other examples from his list of claimed sense-qualifiers turn out to belong , instead , to a class of peculiarly restrictive adjectives which we discuss elsewhere ( Chapter 7 and also Ferris , in preparation ) : ( 31 ) their main faults our prime suspect he was named first citizen These adjectives , unlike most , are inherently restrictive , and select the particular entity to be identified by a speaker out of an already assumed body of entities ; thus the faults in the first example are not main faults in any general sense , as would be required if they were to be sense-qualifiers ; they are those that come out in front , relative to the background group of all their faults , relevant on the particular occasion where the expression is used .
other examples from his list of claimed sense-qualifiers turn out to belong , instead , to a class of peculiarly restrictive adjectives which we discuss elsewhere ( chapter 7 and also ferris , in preparation ) : ( 31 ) their main faults our prime suspect he was named first citizen these adjectives , unlike most , are inherently restrictive , and select the particular entity to be identified by a speaker out of an already assumed body of entities ; thus the faults in the first example are not main faults in any general sense , as would be [] if they were to be sense-qualifiers ; they are those that come out in front , relative to the background group of all their faults , relevant on the particular occasion where the expression is used .

The essence of what the popes required of the emperors and how they saw the imperial office is enshrined in the imperial oaths taken at the time of coronation and in the prayer at the conferment of the sword .
the essence of what the popes [] of the emperors and how they saw the imperial office is enshrined in the imperial oaths taken at the time of coronation and in the prayer at the conferment of the sword .

One by one they were brought to Rome and , as opportunity arose , they were required to take an oath of obedience to the Holy See `` super negotio imperii `` , `` on the matter of the empire `` .
one by one they were brought to rome and , as opportunity arose , they were [] to take an oath of obedience to the holy see `` super negotio imperii `` , `` on the matter of the empire `` .

The primitive instincts described in the extraordinary ceremonies of `` beating `` the saints , undertaken in some monasteries in order to `` encourage `` them to provide what was required , show the psychological difficulties of dealing with saints .
the primitive instincts described in the extraordinary ceremonies of `` beating `` the saints , undertaken in some monasteries in order to `` encourage `` them to provide what was [] , show the psychological difficulties of dealing with saints .

On appointment you will receive , either in the form of a letter of appointment or separately , a statement of the principal terms and conditions of employment as required by the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 as amended .
on appointment you will receive , either in the form of a letter of appointment or separately , a statement of the principal terms and conditions of employment as [] by the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 as amended .

All prospective employees are required to undergo a medical examination at a medical establishment nominated by the Company .
all prospective employees are [] to undergo a medical examination at a medical establishment nominated by the company .

Leave of absence with pay is granted to all employees who are required to attend jury service .
leave of absence with pay is granted to all employees who are [] to attend jury service .

On return to work , you will be required to submit to your Manager evidence of all monies received whilst attending jury service ; he/she will ensure that the Personnel and Pay Departments are informed as necessary .
on return to work , you will be [] to submit to your manager evidence of all monies received whilst attending jury service ; he/she will ensure that the personnel and pay departments are informed as necessary .

Insurance also covers personal effects required during travel on Company business and the use of privately owned motor vehicles for authorised business purposes .
insurance also covers personal effects [] during travel on company business and the use of privately owned motor vehicles for authorised business purposes .

The need , arising out of the structure of higher degree research , for objective evidence that the recipient has , in fact , reached the required standard , led to the requirement for the deposition of a dissertation or thesis .
the need , arising out of the structure of higher degree research , for objective evidence that the recipient has , in fact , reached the [] standard , led to the requirement for the deposition of a dissertation or thesis .

 a specialist in a slow sub-field  is required to write 20 papers to qualify as an ordinarily productive scientist , and more than 80 to be considered prolific 
 a specialist in a slow sub-field  is [] to write 20 papers to qualify as an ordinarily productive scientist , and more than 80 to be considered prolific 

Some of the returns from Taylor 's questionnaire drew attention to these problems , one in particular reporting that another year of full-time work would be required to bring the thesis work up to standard and up to date .
some of the returns from taylor 's questionnaire drew attention to these problems , one in particular reporting that another year of full-time work would be [] to bring the thesis work up to standard and up to date .

At Strathclyde , two bound copies are required , both of which are for deposit in the main library .
at strathclyde , two bound copies are [] , both of which are for deposit in the main library .

Individually signed forms were required for all inter-library loans .
individually signed forms were [] for all inter-library loans .

The thesis latency distribution was measured to determine whether or not it fitted the conditions required for a Poisson distribution , ( the coefficient of dispersion should approach unity ) , but it did not .
the thesis latency distribution was measured to determine whether or not it fitted the conditions [] for a poisson distribution , ( the coefficient of dispersion should approach unity ) , but it did not .

Developments in information technology , including electronic publication , and devices for rapid access to large information stores , produce products which require the use of technology as an intermediary between the user and the required information , in a way which differs ( to date at least ) from the interface between a reader and the printed page .
developments in information technology , including electronic publication , and devices for rapid access to large information stores , produce products which require the use of technology as an intermediary between the user and the [] information , in a way which differs ( to date at least ) from the interface between a reader and the printed page .

This resulted in the need for protective piers and breakwaters which required to be extended and strengthened over the years to allow further development .
this resulted in the need for protective piers and breakwaters which [] to be extended and strengthened over the years to allow further development .

Soon after the completion of the Albert Dock , it became apparent that further dock accommodation would be required and the construction of the Edinburgh Dock was undertaken .
soon after the completion of the albert dock , it became apparent that further dock accommodation would be [] and the construction of the edinburgh dock was undertaken .

Soon after completion of the Edinburgh Dock , it was decided that further expansion was required to meet the demands of an ever increasing trade .
soon after completion of the edinburgh dock , it was decided that further expansion was [] to meet the demands of an ever increasing trade .

The extent of the undertaking was not generally known nor the supreme effort required to complete it on time .
the extent of the undertaking was not generally known nor the supreme effort [] to complete it on time .

The Voith Schneider propulsion system provided the high level of manoeuvrability required for port operations and for barge handling in the estuary .
the voith schneider propulsion system provided the high level of manoeuvrability [] for port operations and for barge handling in the estuary .

Aeration equipment was installed to serve six 200 tonne bins in order that new harvest grain could be taken into the warehouse and aerated if required .
aeration equipment was installed to serve six 200 tonne bins in order that new harvest grain could be taken into the warehouse and aerated if [] .

 It all depends on which language is required , but we can usually cover most of them quickly enough ,  says Jenny .
 it all depends on which language is [] , but we can usually cover most of them quickly enough ,  says jenny .

The doctrine of operationalism took a particularly extreme view on this issue by stipulating that the meaning of a concept consisted in the operations required to measure it .
the doctrine of operationalism took a particularly extreme view on this issue by stipulating that the meaning of a concept consisted in the operations [] to measure it .

It is the nature of the research problem that should dictate the appropriate research method ; sometimes quantification is required , sometimes not .
it is the nature of the research problem that should dictate the appropriate research method ; sometimes quantification is [] , sometimes not .

It has something to do with a person 's occupation , the control and autonomy a person has , the amount of training required in order to do a particular job , the way occupation shapes life chances , income , style of life , the kind of social activities engaged in , the prestige a particular occupation attracts from others , and may be more .
it has something to do with a person 's occupation , the control and autonomy a person has , the amount of training [] in order to do a particular job , the way occupation shapes life chances , income , style of life , the kind of social activities engaged in , the prestige a particular occupation attracts from others , and may be more .

Variable analysis welcomed , indeed required , an un- ashamed borrowing of regression and correlational statistics and , later , building these into causal models in which the weight of the effects of various variables could be determined .
variable analysis welcomed , indeed [] , an un- ashamed borrowing of regression and correlational statistics and , later , building these into causal models in which the weight of the effects of various variables could be determined .

None the less , for the inferential structure of variable analysis some level of quantification is required .
none the less , for the inferential structure of variable analysis some level of quantification is [] .

It required much experimentation to determine the properties of air , mercury , alcohol and other thermometric substances , as well as devising methods for constructing and calibrating instruments .
it [] much experimentation to determine the properties of air , mercury , alcohol and other thermometric substances , as well as devising methods for constructing and calibrating instruments .

As Moser revealingly wrote of the Government Social Survey : `` the survey exists to collect data required for administration , not for party politics `` .
as moser revealingly wrote of the government social survey : `` the survey exists to collect data [] for administration , not for party politics `` .

If the researcher is confident that there is no ordering principle at work in the sampling frame , that the list is random in other words , then systematic sampling can be employed by selecting every nth item from the list as required .
if the researcher is confident that there is no ordering principle at work in the sampling frame , that the list is random in other words , then systematic sampling can be employed by selecting every nth item from the list as [] .

Indeed , for some purposes its cheapness and speed make quota sampling a procedure which could be more extensively used in some academic research where a general indication of the attitudes extant in a specified population is required .
indeed , for some purposes its cheapness and speed make quota sampling a procedure which could be more extensively used in some academic research where a general indication of the attitudes extant in a specified population is [] .

The degree of control of human populations required by the design , especially in the random allocation of subjects to experimental and to control groups , and subjecting one but not the other to the causal treatment in the field , is practically impossible .
the degree of control of human populations [] by the design , especially in the random allocation of subjects to experimental and to control groups , and subjecting one but not the other to the causal treatment in the field , is practically impossible .

Unfortunately , in a number of respects explanatory surveys failed to match up to the strict requirements of the logic required .
unfortunately , in a number of respects explanatory surveys failed to match up to the strict requirements of the logic [] .

Third , using the example of occupational categories again , even assuming that a researcher has selected the sample randomly , only later dividing the group with respect to the property of occupational type , this is hardly the randomisation required by experimental design .
third , using the example of occupational categories again , even assuming that a researcher has selected the sample randomly , only later dividing the group with respect to the property of occupational type , this is hardly the randomisation [] by experimental design .

They specialised in questions which , to quote Bowley , `` required an answer of 'yes ' or 'no ' or a simple number or something equally definite and precise `` .
they specialised in questions which , to quote bowley , `` [] an answer of 'yes ' or 'no ' or a simple number or something equally definite and precise `` .

It is also particularly useful where highly sensitive and subtle matters need to be covered , and where long and detailed responses are required to understand the matters the respondent is reporting on .
it is also particularly useful where highly sensitive and subtle matters need to be covered , and where long and detailed responses are [] to understand the matters the respondent is reporting on .

The interviewer is normally required to ask specific questions but is free to probe beyond them if necessary .
the interviewer is normally [] to ask specific questions but is free to probe beyond them if necessary .

It is easy to imagine , then , the labour and skill that would go into making such random  yet precisely required  holes in the metal and punching them out by hand .
it is easy to imagine , then , the labour and skill that would go into making such random  yet precisely []  holes in the metal and punching them out by hand .

The temporary nature of the appointment meant that its confirmation by the Senate was not required , although Cheney stated that a permanent appointment , which would require Senate approval , would be made in the near future .
the temporary nature of the appointment meant that its confirmation by the senate was not [] , although cheney stated that a permanent appointment , which would require senate approval , would be made in the near future .

In the first round Havel received 79 votes in the 150-member Chamber of the People ( 11 votes short of the 90 required ) and in the 150-member Chamber of Nations ( where at least 45 votes were required from each of the Czech and Slovak groups in the Chamber , which voted separately ) he won 47 votes in the Czech and 22 in the Slovak part .
in the first round havel received 79 votes in the 150-member chamber of the people ( 11 votes short of the 90 [] ) and in the 150-member chamber of nations ( where at least 45 votes were [] from each of the czech and slovak groups in the chamber , which voted separately ) he won 47 votes in the czech and 22 in the slovak part .

In the second round , when an absolute majority in each section would suffice , Havel won 80 votes in the Chamber of the People ( above the 76 required ) and 45 votes from the Czech representatives in the Chamber of Nations ( above the 38 required ) but only 18 from the Slovakians .
in the second round , when an absolute majority in each section would suffice , havel won 80 votes in the chamber of the people ( above the 76 [] ) and 45 votes from the czech representatives in the chamber of nations ( above the 38 [] ) but only 18 from the slovakians .

In the first round Havel received 79 votes in the 150-member Chamber of the People ( 11 votes short of the 90 required ) and in the 150-member Chamber of Nations ( where at least 45 votes were required from each of the Czech and Slovak groups in the Chamber , which voted separately ) he won 47 votes in the Czech and 22 in the Slovak part .
in the first round havel received 79 votes in the 150-member chamber of the people ( 11 votes short of the 90 [] ) and in the 150-member chamber of nations ( where at least 45 votes were [] from each of the czech and slovak groups in the chamber , which voted separately ) he won 47 votes in the czech and 22 in the slovak part .

In the second round , when an absolute majority in each section would suffice , Havel won 80 votes in the Chamber of the People ( above the 76 required ) and 45 votes from the Czech representatives in the Chamber of Nations ( above the 38 required ) but only 18 from the Slovakians .
in the second round , when an absolute majority in each section would suffice , havel won 80 votes in the chamber of the people ( above the 76 [] ) and 45 votes from the czech representatives in the chamber of nations ( above the 38 [] ) but only 18 from the slovakians .

The Treaty still required approval by the Senate and the Flemish and Walloon parliaments .
the treaty still [] approval by the senate and the flemish and walloon parliaments .

Preliminary details of the new law stipulated that any political party was required to have at least 50 founding members and to give an undertaking to work within the Constitution to qualify for registration .
preliminary details of the new law stipulated that any political party was [] to have at least 50 founding members and to give an undertaking to work within the constitution to qualify for registration .

The standard treatment involves either the removal of the thyroid gland or  as in Bush 's case  its destruction through radioactive iodine treatment ; in either case the patient is required to take daily thyroid replacement medication .
the standard treatment involves either the removal of the thyroid gland or  as in bush 's case  its destruction through radioactive iodine treatment ; in either case the patient is [] to take daily thyroid replacement medication .

The new travel policy required a case-by-case approval of all requests by senior members of government for the use of military aircraft , except those by the Secretary of State , the Attorney General and the Secretary of Defence .
the new travel policy [] a case-by-case approval of all requests by senior members of government for the use of military aircraft , except those by the secretary of state , the attorney general and the secretary of defence .

In an interview with the Taiwanese newspaper Chung Yang Jih Pao of May 6 , Chen said that the tasks of the visit had been fulfilled , but that `` repeated efforts will be required to handle the many details in the future `` .
in an interview with the taiwanese newspaper chung yang jih pao of may 6 , chen said that the tasks of the visit had been fulfilled , but that `` repeated efforts will be [] to handle the many details in the future `` .

Greiner , the state 's Liberal Premier , had called the election 10 months sooner than required and had entered the campaign confident that he would increase his majority .
greiner , the state 's liberal premier , had called the election 10 months sooner than [] and had entered the campaign confident that he would increase his majority .

In December the federal parliament set up a committee to examine ways of streamlining the process of constitutional reform , and in particular considering the unanimity among all 10 provinces currently required to achieve key constitutional changes .
in december the federal parliament set up a committee to examine ways of streamlining the process of constitutional reform , and in particular considering the unanimity among all 10 provinces currently [] to achieve key constitutional changes .

Under the terms of the Bill a successful candidate would be required to form a government from the political party which had nominated him , even if that party had failed to win a majority of seats in the legislature .
under the terms of the bill a successful candidate would be [] to form a government from the political party which had nominated him , even if that party had failed to win a majority of seats in the legislature .

Full enactment of the emergency package required a supplementary budget which was expected to be submitted to the Diet in October or November 1992 .
full enactment of the emergency package [] a supplementary budget which was expected to be submitted to the diet in october or november 1992 .

The Court reversed a ruling by the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit by adjudging that Zacarias was not protected by the 1980 Refugee Act which required aliens seeking asylum to demonstrate `` a well-founded fear of persecution on account of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion `` [ see pp .
the court reversed a ruling by the court of appeals for the federal circuit by adjudging that zacarias was not protected by the 1980 refugee act which [] aliens seeking asylum to demonstrate `` a well-founded fear of persecution on account of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion `` [ see pp .

In its majority opinion the Court found that `` the mere existence of a generalized political `` motive to the coercion was inadequate to qualify someone for protection under the 1980 Act , and that the law required the persecution to be motivated by the opinions of the victim rather than by those of the persecutor .
in its majority opinion the court found that `` the mere existence of a generalized political `` motive to the coercion was inadequate to qualify someone for protection under the 1980 act , and that the law [] the persecution to be motivated by the opinions of the victim rather than by those of the persecutor .

Criticism of the Dunkel plan came also from groups opposed to its proposals to liberalize textile trade and its endorsement of a five-year transition period before less-developed countries would be required to comply with copyright and patenting provisions .
criticism of the dunkel plan came also from groups opposed to its proposals to liberalize textile trade and its endorsement of a five-year transition period before less-developed countries would be [] to comply with copyright and patenting provisions .

Mesic , while asserting that the Croatian National Guard was not one of the " armed formations " whose demobilization was required , warned that the state would intervene with all the means at its disposal if the republics failed to comply with these demands .
mesic , while asserting that the croatian national guard was not one of the " armed formations " whose demobilization was [] , warned that the state would intervene with all the means at its disposal if the republics failed to comply with these demands .

Therefore , the bill placed the burden of proof upon employers , who could be required to show that their hiring procedures were rooted in business necessity .
therefore , the bill placed the burden of proof upon employers , who could be [] to show that their hiring procedures were rooted in business necessity .

On the following day , after a bitter debate , the bill was passed by 273 votes to 158 , a level of support identical with that achieved in 1990 and 15 votes short of the two-thirds support required to override the anticipated presidential veto .
on the following day , after a bitter debate , the bill was passed by 273 votes to 158 , a level of support identical with that achieved in 1990 and 15 votes short of the two-thirds support [] to override the anticipated presidential veto .

Let them say , we stood where duty required us to stand .
let them say , we stood where duty [] us to stand .

Parliamentary approval was not constitutionally required for Mitterrand to commit French troops to combat , since only career soldiers rather than conscripts were involved .
parliamentary approval was not constitutionally [] for mitterrand to commit french troops to combat , since only career soldiers rather than conscripts were involved .

In a national broadcast on Jan. 24 Menem said that Argentina was in a state of " moral emergency " due to corruption ; he announced that government and military officials and employees of state enterprises would be required to submit a list of their assets , and he promised a purge of his personal advisers .
in a national broadcast on jan. 24 menem said that argentina was in a state of " moral emergency " due to corruption ; he announced that government and military officials and employees of state enterprises would be [] to submit a list of their assets , and he promised a purge of his personal advisers .

One of the two binding treaties agreed at the summit , this required states to take steps to preserve ecologically valuable areas and species .
one of the two binding treaties agreed at the summit , this [] states to take steps to preserve ecologically valuable areas and species .

The House of Representatives on June 11 rejected a proposed constitutional amendment which would have required the government and Congress to enact a balanced budget each year .
the house of representatives on june 11 rejected a proposed constitutional amendment which would have [] the government and congress to enact a balanced budget each year .

The House voted in favour by 280 to 153 , nine votes short of the required two-thirds majority of those voting within the 435-member chamber .
the house voted in favour by 280 to 153 , nine votes short of the [] two-thirds majority of those voting within the 435-member chamber .

The proposed amendment was designed to become effective in fiscal 1997 or after receiving the endorsement of the required 38 states , whichever was the later .
the proposed amendment was designed to become effective in fiscal 1997 or after receiving the endorsement of the [] 38 states , whichever was the later .

Stenholm 's proposed amendment required the President to submit a balanced budget to Congress each year .
stenholm 's proposed amendment [] the president to submit a balanced budget to congress each year .

As in the 29 other instances , an attempt by Congress to override the veto failed to muster the required two-thirds majority .
as in the 29 other instances , an attempt by congress to override the veto failed to muster the [] two-thirds majority .

The Commission found that Greiner had acted improperly in sanctioning the appointment of Terry Metherell , an independent member of the state legislature , to a well-paid public service position in the Environmental Protection Authority , a post which required him to resign his seat in the legislature .
the commission found that greiner had acted improperly in sanctioning the appointment of terry metherell , an independent member of the state legislature , to a well-paid public service position in the environmental protection authority , a post which [] him to resign his seat in the legislature .

Mujjaddedi had on June 21 threatened not to hand over power ( as required by the Peshawar accord ) to Rabbani , whom he branded as a Khomeini-like Islamic radical .
mujjaddedi had on june 21 threatened not to hand over power ( as [] by the peshawar accord ) to rabbani , whom he branded as a khomeini-like islamic radical .

The remaining 70 per cent equity stake would be held initially by a `` state ownership fund `` , which would be required to sell off 10 per cent per year , with advantageous terms for the employees of the enterprise in question .
the remaining 70 per cent equity stake would be held initially by a `` state ownership fund `` , which would be [] to sell off 10 per cent per year , with advantageous terms for the employees of the enterprise in question .

The scheme , which required the passage of enabling legislation and which was scheduled for July 25 , was expected to generate revenue of some 91,000 million roubles for the government .
the scheme , which [] the passage of enabling legislation and which was scheduled for july 25 , was expected to generate revenue of some 91,000 million roubles for the government .

The unification treaty provided for existing arrangements to continue to apply and required parliament to agree on uniform legislation by the end of 1992 [ see pp .
the unification treaty provided for existing arrangements to continue to apply and [] parliament to agree on uniform legislation by the end of 1992 [ see pp .

Under a law adopted on Aug. 28 at a special meeting of the Little Hural ( parliament ) , all senior officials , including the President , Vice-President , the chairman of the Little Hural , senior members of the armed forces and the judiciary , and journalists , were required to resign their membership of political parties as of Sept. 3 .
under a law adopted on aug. 28 at a special meeting of the little hural ( parliament ) , all senior officials , including the president , vice-president , the chairman of the little hural , senior members of the armed forces and the judiciary , and journalists , were [] to resign their membership of political parties as of sept. 3 .

The package , worth 6 per cent more than the previous year 's assistance , went a long way towards the $ 9,200 million required by India to meet an expected current-account deficit of $ 6,000 million and debt repayments of $ 3,200 million .
the package , worth 6 per cent more than the previous year 's assistance , went a long way towards the $ 9,200 million [] by india to meet an expected current-account deficit of $ 6,000 million and debt repayments of $ 3,200 million .

All political organizations were required to bring their statutes in line with federal party laws within one year of unification in order to retain the right to take part in elections .
all political organizations were [] to bring their statutes in line with federal party laws within one year of unification in order to retain the right to take part in elections .

As a result of a decision of the conference of Ministers President of the Lnder held in Munich in December 1990 , the Bundesrat on March 1 , 1991 , decided to create its own commission on constitutional reform , to consider constitutional changes as required by Article 5 of the treaty of unification [ see p. 37832 ] .
as a result of a decision of the conference of ministers president of the lnder held in munich in december 1990 , the bundesrat on march 1 , 1991 , decided to create its own commission on constitutional reform , to consider constitutional changes as [] by article 5 of the treaty of unification [ see p. 37832 ] .

The law , which was the first in post-war Italy to restrict the right to strike , required public service employees to give a minimum number of days ' notice of intended strikes and to guarantee essential services .
the law , which was the first in post-war italy to restrict the right to strike , [] public service employees to give a minimum number of days ' notice of intended strikes and to guarantee essential services .

Earlier , on April 17 , Prez de Cullar had said in Paris that any plan to deploy foreign troops in northern Iraq required Iraqi permission and that a UN-backed police force would need " the agreement of the Security Council " .
earlier , on april 17 , prez de cullar had said in paris that any plan to deploy foreign troops in northern iraq [] iraqi permission and that a un-backed police force would need " the agreement of the security council " .

Only around Rbs18,500 million out of a required Rbs54,000 million had been contributed by the republics in the first quarter of the year [ for passage in January of 1991 union budget see p. 37970 ] .
only around rbs18,500 million out of a [] rbs54,000 million had been contributed by the republics in the first quarter of the year [ for passage in january of 1991 union budget see p. 37970 ] .

Under the terms of the legislation an abortion clinic was also required to inform a patient about the possible alternatives to abortion .
under the terms of the legislation an abortion clinic was also [] to inform a patient about the possible alternatives to abortion .

The first round on March 24 had failed to produce a winner because the turnout had fallen well short of the required 50 per cent , but in the second round the required 25 per cent turnout was just exceeded .
the first round on march 24 had failed to produce a winner because the turnout had fallen well short of the [] 50 per cent , but in the second round the [] 25 per cent turnout was just exceeded .

Opposition parties , including the liberal Kuwait Democratic Forum , gave a cautious welcome to the government 's proposed schedule for elections , but argued that the endorsement of urgent reconstruction plans required a parliament to be in place sooner rather than later .
opposition parties , including the liberal kuwait democratic forum , gave a cautious welcome to the government 's proposed schedule for elections , but argued that the endorsement of urgent reconstruction plans [] a parliament to be in place sooner rather than later .

Following Roemer 's rejection of the bill , on June 18 both houses of the state legislature voted by more than the required two-thirds majority to override the veto .
following roemer 's rejection of the bill , on june 18 both houses of the state legislature voted by more than the [] two-thirds majority to override the veto .

Conscientious objectors would now be required to work for 1 @ 1/2 times the length of their refused military service .
conscientious objectors would now be [] to work for 1 @ 1/2 times the length of their refused military service .

The Oil and Gas Workers ' Union had threatened to disrupt production by collective resignations and by shutting leaking pipelines as required by safety regulations .
the oil and gas workers ' union had threatened to disrupt production by collective resignations and by shutting leaking pipelines as [] by safety regulations .

President Vaclav Havel had suggested on June 2 a time limit of two years on the screening process , while proposing also that the courts should have special sections to provide citizens with copies of their secret police files on request , and that applicants for high government and state jobs should be required to produce a certificate of non-collaboration .
president vaclav havel had suggested on june 2 a time limit of two years on the screening process , while proposing also that the courts should have special sections to provide citizens with copies of their secret police files on request , and that applicants for high government and state jobs should be [] to produce a certificate of non-collaboration .

The treaty , with a 10-year durations and which required ratification by both parliaments , followed that confirming the Oder-Neisse border between the two countries signed in November 1990 [ see p. 37867 ] .
the treaty , with a 10-year durations and which [] ratification by both parliaments , followed that confirming the oder-neisse border between the two countries signed in november 1990 [ see p. 37867 ] .

The sudden increase in immigration was a direct result of the impending implementation on July 1 of a new emigration regulations which required all emigrants to leave on a Soviet passport .
the sudden increase in immigration was a direct result of the impending implementation on july 1 of a new emigration regulations which [] all emigrants to leave on a soviet passport .

Assessing the prospects of world economic growth , ministers " noted with satisfaction the increasing signs of global economic recovery " but stressed that " sustained expansion in global trade [ which ] is an important engine of growth " required " a swift and successful conclusion of the Uruguay Round [ of trade talks ] " [ see pp. 37796 ; 37930 ; 38027 ] .
assessing the prospects of world economic growth , ministers " noted with satisfaction the increasing signs of global economic recovery " but stressed that " sustained expansion in global trade [ which ] is an important engine of growth " [] " a swift and successful conclusion of the uruguay round [ of trade talks ] " [ see pp. 37796 ; 37930 ; 38027 ] .

The amount patients were required to pay before receiving benefits was also raised , from $ 75 to $ 100 .
the amount patients were [] to pay before receiving benefits was also raised , from $ 75 to $ 100 .

The new President , the Premier , the two Deputy Premiers and the Defence Minister all held seats in the People 's Great Hural which they were required to give up , as it was stipulated that Cabinet post-holders could not concurrently serve as deputies to the assembly .
the new president , the premier , the two deputy premiers and the defence minister all held seats in the people 's great hural which they were [] to give up , as it was stipulated that cabinet post-holders could not concurrently serve as deputies to the assembly .

The new head of the State Council 's Economic Reform Commission , Chen Jinhua , who had replaced Li Peng in September [ see p. 37713 ] , also said that he was looking forward to `` more rapid and more effective `` change in the 1990s , `` as Deng Xiaoping has required `` .
the new head of the state council 's economic reform commission , chen jinhua , who had replaced li peng in september [ see p. 37713 ] , also said that he was looking forward to `` more rapid and more effective `` change in the 1990s , `` as deng xiaoping has [] `` .

It still required approval by the European Parliament , where members were reportedly less convinced of the improvement in the political situation and on human rights .
it still [] approval by the european parliament , where members were reportedly less convinced of the improvement in the political situation and on human rights .

Italy required more than the current quota of 18,500 passes per month , but Austria sought the transfer of more Italian freight to the railways and other concessions .
italy [] more than the current quota of 18,500 passes per month , but austria sought the transfer of more italian freight to the railways and other concessions .

The ministers denied that de Klerk knew about the payments , arguing that prodecures at the time had not required him to know .
the ministers denied that de klerk knew about the payments , arguing that prodecures at the time had not [] him to know .

In a drastic curtailment of the appeal process for condemned prisoners , federal courts would be required to deny appeals against state-imposed death sentences if they determined that the prisoner had received a `` full and fair `` trial .
in a drastic curtailment of the appeal process for condemned prisoners , federal courts would be [] to deny appeals against state-imposed death sentences if they determined that the prisoner had received a `` full and fair `` trial .

Required by the state constitution to produce a balanced budget , Republican Governor Pete Wilson recommended a record $ 7,700 million tax increase , $ 5,500 million in spending cuts and $ 1,600 million in borrowing from a public employee retirement fund .
[] by the state constitution to produce a balanced budget , republican governor pete wilson recommended a record $ 7,700 million tax increase , $ 5,500 million in spending cuts and $ 1,600 million in borrowing from a public employee retirement fund .

The agreement emphasised that the strengthening of a functional and participatory democracy required ( i ) the development of institutional democracy ; ( ii ) the effective functioning of state law ; ( iii ) the total elimination of political repression , electoral fraud , military coups and all anti-democratic destabilizing activity ; ( iv ) strict respect for human rights ; ( v ) the subordination of the armed forces to civilian rule ; and ( vi ) recognition and respect for the identity and rights of indigenous peoples .
the agreement emphasised that the strengthening of a functional and participatory democracy [] ( i ) the development of institutional democracy ; ( ii ) the effective functioning of state law ; ( iii ) the total elimination of political repression , electoral fraud , military coups and all anti-democratic destabilizing activity ; ( iv ) strict respect for human rights ; ( v ) the subordination of the armed forces to civilian rule ; and ( vi ) recognition and respect for the identity and rights of indigenous peoples .

It also stated that democratization required the guaranteed promotion and participation of civilian society in general in the drafting , implementation and evaluation of government policies at the different administrative levels .
it also stated that democratization [] the guaranteed promotion and participation of civilian society in general in the drafting , implementation and evaluation of government policies at the different administrative levels .

Apart from those deemed to be in genuine need , the budget required patients to pay for all or part of the cost of their medical treatment .
apart from those deemed to be in genuine need , the budget [] patients to pay for all or part of the cost of their medical treatment .

In six rounds of voting , deputies repeatedly failed to elect a candidate by the required majority of 531 votes .
in six rounds of voting , deputies repeatedly failed to elect a candidate by the [] majority of 531 votes .

One nominee for Security Council membership , senior Gorbachev aide Valery Boldin , on March 7 failed twice to secure the required endorsement by an absolute majority of Supreme Soviet deputies .
one nominee for security council membership , senior gorbachev aide valery boldin , on march 7 failed twice to secure the [] endorsement by an absolute majority of supreme soviet deputies .

The meeting fell short of the five members required for a quorum , with Bosnia-Hercegovina , Croatia , Macedonia and Slovenia not attending .
the meeting fell short of the five members [] for a quorum , with bosnia-hercegovina , croatia , macedonia and slovenia not attending .

With 49.45 per cent of the vote , Herenton fell just short of an actual plurality , but did not have to undergo a runoff election as required in the past .
with 49.45 per cent of the vote , herenton fell just short of an actual plurality , but did not have to undergo a runoff election as [] in the past .

The direct election of Assembly delegates ( for which a constitutional amendment would be required ) would replace the system of elections by local assemblies .
the direct election of assembly delegates ( for which a constitutional amendment would be [] ) would replace the system of elections by local assemblies .

By mid-February opponents of the government 's privatization law , narrowly approved by Congress with Colorado support in late September 1991 , had successfully gathered the 12,000 signatures constitutionally required to continue their campaign for a referendum on privatization .
by mid-february opponents of the government 's privatization law , narrowly approved by congress with colorado support in late september 1991 , had successfully gathered the 12,000 signatures constitutionally [] to continue their campaign for a referendum on privatization .

In a vote on Feb. 11 the motion fell 28 votes short of gaining the required majority in the 577-seat National Assembly .
in a vote on feb. 11 the motion fell 28 votes short of gaining the [] majority in the 577-seat national assembly .

Previous standing orders had required troops first to order a suspect to halt , then to fire in the air , and finally to fire at the legs , in order to arrest the suspect .
previous standing orders had [] troops first to order a suspect to halt , then to fire in the air , and finally to fire at the legs , in order to arrest the suspect .

In the first three rounds a two-thirds majority was required , and thereafter only a simple majority .
in the first three rounds a two-thirds majority was [] , and thereafter only a simple majority .

The talks foundered essentially on the issue of the size of the majority required for decision-making in a future transitional parliament , whose principal function would be to establish a new democratic constitution .
the talks foundered essentially on the issue of the size of the majority [] for decision-making in a future transitional parliament , whose principal function would be to establish a new democratic constitution .

On May 13 the Senate unsuccessfully attempted to override the presidential veto ; its vote of 57:42 fell short of the required two-thirds majority .
on may 13 the senate unsuccessfully attempted to override the presidential veto ; its vote of 57:42 fell short of the [] two-thirds majority .

On May 7 the Slovak National Council voted 73-59 in favour of a declaration of sovereignty of the Slovak Republic , but a previous procedural decision that a three-fifths majority was required to amend the Constitution meant that the margin was not large enough for the declaration to be adopted .
on may 7 the slovak national council voted 73-59 in favour of a declaration of sovereignty of the slovak republic , but a previous procedural decision that a three-fifths majority was [] to amend the constitution meant that the margin was not large enough for the declaration to be adopted .

No other parties succeeded in reaching the 5 per cent threshold required to win representation .
no other parties succeeded in reaching the 5 per cent threshold [] to win representation .

Thirteen parties fielded candidates , but only the eight represented in the outgoing parliament secured the minimum 2 per cent of the vote required for representation .
thirteen parties fielded candidates , but only the eight represented in the outgoing parliament secured the minimum 2 per cent of the vote [] for representation .

Enterprises would be required to sell a portion of their hard-currency profits to Russia 's State Bank at the artificially low commercial rate .
enterprises would be [] to sell a portion of their hard-currency profits to russia 's state bank at the artificially low commercial rate .

The Assembly passed legislation which required organizers of demonstrations to apply three days in advance for government approval .
the assembly passed legislation which [] organizers of demonstrations to apply three days in advance for government approval .

On Nov. 22 elections , which on Nov. 10 had been called by President Hugh Desmond Hoyte for Dec. 16 , and which were constitutionally required to be held by Dec. 28 at the latest , were indefinitely postponed after the chairman of the Elections Commission , Rudolph Collins , warned that a proper electoral register could not be prepared in time .
on nov. 22 elections , which on nov. 10 had been called by president hugh desmond hoyte for dec. 16 , and which were constitutionally [] to be held by dec. 28 at the latest , were indefinitely postponed after the chairman of the elections commission , rudolph collins , warned that a proper electoral register could not be prepared in time .

Prime Minister Narasimha Rao , who was required by the Constitution to enter parliament within six months , won Nandyal in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh by a record margin of 580,297 votes ; Defence Minister Sharad Pawar was elected in a Maharashtra seat .
prime minister narasimha rao , who was [] by the constitution to enter parliament within six months , won nandyal in the southern state of andhra pradesh by a record margin of 580,297 votes ; defence minister sharad pawar was elected in a maharashtra seat .

The law granted Estonian citizenship automatically to all Estonians ; immigrants applying for citizenship would be required to have lived for two years in the country .
the law granted estonian citizenship automatically to all estonians ; immigrants applying for citizenship would be [] to have lived for two years in the country .

The Tsogdu is required to pass a vote of confidence in the King by a two-thirds majority every three years and has the power to replace the monarch .
the tsogdu is [] to pass a vote of confidence in the king by a two-thirds majority every three years and has the power to replace the monarch .

Parliament adopted regulations in late August 1990 which a required foreign publication to obtain an annual permit if more than 300 copies were distributed in Singapore or if it carried articles on politics `` in any country in south-east Asia `` .
parliament adopted regulations in late august 1990 which a [] foreign publication to obtain an annual permit if more than 300 copies were distributed in singapore or if it carried articles on politics `` in any country in south-east asia `` .

Deputies sang the national anthem when the votes reached the total of 336 required for impeachment .
deputies sang the national anthem when the votes reached the total of 336 [] for impeachment .

Like its predecessor , in order to be adopted the new package  known initially as the Pearson Accord and latterly as the Charlottetown Agreement  required ratification by the federal parliament and by individual provincial legislatures .
like its predecessor , in order to be adopted the new package  known initially as the pearson accord and latterly as the charlottetown agreement  [] ratification by the federal parliament and by individual provincial legislatures .

The collapse of the Soviet Union and the emergence of an independent Russian state had kindled strong expectations that the dispute would be settled , particularly as the Japanese government had made it clear that it was unwilling to provide the significant economic aid required by the Russians while the dispute remained outstanding .
the collapse of the soviet union and the emergence of an independent russian state had kindled strong expectations that the dispute would be settled , particularly as the japanese government had made it clear that it was unwilling to provide the significant economic aid [] by the russians while the dispute remained outstanding .

The parliament would have new powers to conduct investigations , to call for votes of no confidence , and to enact laws , which the monarch would be required to act upon within 30 days .
the parliament would have new powers to conduct investigations , to call for votes of no confidence , and to enact laws , which the monarch would be [] to act upon within 30 days .

Attorney General Amos Wako announced the same day that political parties would not be required to obtain licences to hold rallies during the election campaign , and that all parties would be allocated equal air time on national radio and television .
attorney general amos wako announced the same day that political parties would not be [] to obtain licences to hold rallies during the election campaign , and that all parties would be allocated equal air time on national radio and television .

The resolution was adopted with 183 votes for , 30 against and 55 abstentions ; it thus achieved the required three-fifth majority ( 180 votes ) by a margin of three votes .
the resolution was adopted with 183 votes for , 30 against and 55 abstentions ; it thus achieved the [] three-fifth majority ( 180 votes ) by a margin of three votes .

The minority centre-left government led by the Socialist Party survived a motion of no confidence on Nov. 23  the second in a month [ see p. 39161 ]  when the three centre-right and right-wing parliamentary groups gained only 257 of the required 286 votes in the National Assembly .
the minority centre-left government led by the socialist party survived a motion of no confidence on nov. 23  the second in a month [ see p. 39161 ]  when the three centre-right and right-wing parliamentary groups gained only 257 of the [] 286 votes in the national assembly .

The agreement required Iran to reduce its output from the current level estimated at around 3,800,000 bpd to 3,490,000 bpd , and Saudi Arabia to trim production slightly from 8,400,000 bpd to 8,390,000 bpd .
the agreement [] iran to reduce its output from the current level estimated at around 3,800,000 bpd to 3,490,000 bpd , and saudi arabia to trim production slightly from 8,400,000 bpd to 8,390,000 bpd .

However , although she had an absolute majority of the MPs entitled to participate , she failed by four votes to register in addition the required 15 per cent margin ( 56 votes ) over Heseltine , and a second ballot was necessary .
however , although she had an absolute majority of the mps entitled to participate , she failed by four votes to register in addition the [] 15 per cent margin ( 56 votes ) over heseltine , and a second ballot was necessary .

The United Kingdom-based Save the Children Fund estimated that 10,000,000 people faced starvation and that Sudan and Ethiopia each required 1,000,000 to 1,500,000 tonnes of food immediately to avert a catastrophe .
the united kingdom-based save the children fund estimated that 10,000,000 people faced starvation and that sudan and ethiopia each [] 1,000,000 to 1,500,000 tonnes of food immediately to avert a catastrophe .

By withholding his signature ( required by midnight on Nov. 10 ) whilst Congress was not in session , the President exercised the so-called `` pocket veto ``  the elimination of a piece of legislation without recourse to the use of a formal executive veto .
by withholding his signature ( [] by midnight on nov. 10 ) whilst congress was not in session , the president exercised the so-called `` pocket veto ``  the elimination of a piece of legislation without recourse to the use of a formal executive veto .

He also received a three-year period of probation  during which he would be required to perform 1,800 hours of community service per year  on a more general conspiracy charge .
he also received a three-year period of probation  during which he would be [] to perform 1,800 hours of community service per year  on a more general conspiracy charge .

She told the defendant that `` serious crimes warrant serious penalties `` , and that a significant prison sentence was required for `` purposes of general deterrence `` .
she told the defendant that `` serious crimes warrant serious penalties `` , and that a significant prison sentence was [] for `` purposes of general deterrence `` .

Guidelines were introduced by the then Prime Minister , Geoffrey Palmer , with effect from June 1 , 1990 , under which Cabinet ministers , ministers outside the Cabinet and parliamentary under-secretaries were required to disclose their financial interests within four weeks of taking office and annually thereafter .
guidelines were introduced by the then prime minister , geoffrey palmer , with effect from june 1 , 1990 , under which cabinet ministers , ministers outside the cabinet and parliamentary under-secretaries were [] to disclose their financial interests within four weeks of taking office and annually thereafter .

The reform , which required a two-thirds majority in parliament , would allow a new government a period of 18 months to establish its programme and policies before it could be subject to a confidence motion .
the reform , which [] a two-thirds majority in parliament , would allow a new government a period of 18 months to establish its programme and policies before it could be subject to a confidence motion .

Only three achieved the required two-thirds majority of 694 votes .
only three achieved the [] two-thirds majority of 694 votes .

The Supreme Court on Dec. 7 dealt a blow to supporters of the right to an abortion by refusing to review a Mississippi law which required women to obtain counselling and then to wait 24 hours before terminating a pregnancy .
the supreme court on dec. 7 dealt a blow to supporters of the right to an abortion by refusing to review a mississippi law which [] women to obtain counselling and then to wait 24 hours before terminating a pregnancy .

Approval was given to Panama 's decision to create a commission to pursue the actions required to bring Panama back into the mainstream of regional integration .
approval was given to panama 's decision to create a commission to pursue the actions [] to bring panama back into the mainstream of regional integration .

The federal government strongly favoured approval , which would have required both an overall majority , and a `` yes `` vote in a majority of cantons .
the federal government strongly favoured approval , which would have [] both an overall majority , and a `` yes `` vote in a majority of cantons .

No other countries required ratification by referendum , and parliamentary processes were completed , with substantial majorities in favour , as follows :
no other countries [] ratification by referendum , and parliamentary processes were completed , with substantial majorities in favour , as follows :

Finland : the Eduskunta , voting on Oct. 26 , exceeded the required two-thirds majority with 154 in favour , 12 ( Finnish Rural Party and Greens ) against and 32 abstentions .
finland : the eduskunta , voting on oct. 26 , exceeded the [] two-thirds majority with 154 in favour , 12 ( finnish rural party and greens ) against and 32 abstentions .

Although an attempt to override the presidential veto was made in the House on March 25 , it fell considerably short of the two-thirds majority required , failing even to muster a simple majority .
although an attempt to override the presidential veto was made in the house on march 25 , it fell considerably short of the two-thirds majority [] , failing even to muster a simple majority .

Under the new arrangement those in receipt of hard currency would be required to surrender 35 per cent to the central bank at an official rate determined by the rupee 's value against a basket of currencies , while the remaining 65 per cent could be exchanged on the open market .
under the new arrangement those in receipt of hard currency would be [] to surrender 35 per cent to the central bank at an official rate determined by the rupee 's value against a basket of currencies , while the remaining 65 per cent could be exchanged on the open market .

The Senate had approved the bill on Feb. 25 by 59 votes to 39 , eight less that the two-thirds majority which would be required if an attempt were made to override the presidential veto .
the senate had approved the bill on feb. 25 by 59 votes to 39 , eight less that the two-thirds majority which would be [] if an attempt were made to override the presidential veto .

The law required the government to publish a weekly list of all those detained under its terms .
the law [] the government to publish a weekly list of all those detained under its terms .

He set no date , but the Constitution required elections within 90 days of the dissolution of parliament , and specified that the date should be set at least six weeks in advance of polling .
he set no date , but the constitution [] elections within 90 days of the dissolution of parliament , and specified that the date should be set at least six weeks in advance of polling .

At 46 per cent the turnout was too low ( due to an opposition boycott ) to allow the required 50 per cent of the 7,000,000 voters in Serbia to approve the constitutional amendment , although 95 per cent of those who voted were in favour of early elections .
at 46 per cent the turnout was too low ( due to an opposition boycott ) to allow the [] 50 per cent of the 7,000,000 voters in serbia to approve the constitutional amendment , although 95 per cent of those who voted were in favour of early elections .

Parliament was required to choose between the two leading candidates after no single candidate had won an absolute majority of the popular vote in the presidential elections in September [ see pp .
parliament was [] to choose between the two leading candidates after no single candidate had won an absolute majority of the popular vote in the presidential elections in september [ see pp .

It said that the support of at least one side was required before troops could be deployed .
it said that the support of at least one side was [] before troops could be deployed .

The April 7 results gave Clinton a total of at least 1,264 of the 2,145 delegates required to assure him of his party 's nomination .
the april 7 results gave clinton a total of at least 1,264 of the 2,145 delegates [] to assure him of his party 's nomination .

The specific terms of this ultimatum required that Iraq should ( i ) begin withdrawing from Kuwait by noon on Feb. 23 New York time ( 5 p.m .
the specific terms of this ultimatum [] that iraq should ( i ) begin withdrawing from kuwait by noon on feb. 23 new york time ( 5 p.m .

Of those listed , 30 , including Pascal-Trouillot , were required to answer inquiries concerning the coup attempt of Jan. 6-7 .
of those listed , 30 , including pascal-trouillot , were [] to answer inquiries concerning the coup attempt of jan. 6-7 .

The other 132 were senior state employees responsible for the management of public funds , who were required to remain in the country until a routine administrative review was performed by government auditors .
the other 132 were senior state employees responsible for the management of public funds , who were [] to remain in the country until a routine administrative review was performed by government auditors .

The new measures lifted all controls on foreign currency entering the country ; abolished lengthy approval procedures required for trade transactions ; and allowed foreign banks and companies to underwrite capital issues and to have greater access to domestic credit markets .
the new measures lifted all controls on foreign currency entering the country ; abolished lengthy approval procedures [] for trade transactions ; and allowed foreign banks and companies to underwrite capital issues and to have greater access to domestic credit markets .

The plan , which still required approval by the Legislative Yuan , aimed to transform the country 's infrastructure .
the plan , which still [] approval by the legislative yuan , aimed to transform the country 's infrastructure .

Likud , meanwhile , rejected any `` land for peace `` formula , with some party supporters arguing that the Iraqi Scud attacks had demonstrated that a secure Israel required broad territorial margins .
likud , meanwhile , rejected any `` land for peace `` formula , with some party supporters arguing that the iraqi scud attacks had demonstrated that a secure israel [] broad territorial margins .

This has important implications for the style and skills required by public managers ( discussed in Chapter 6 ) .
this has important implications for the style and skills [] by public managers ( discussed in chapter 6 ) .

The increased costs of including a greater number of photographs and other illustrations in the specialist brochures may be offset in part by the fact that fewer of this type are required .
the increased costs of including a greater number of photographs and other illustrations in the specialist brochures may be offset in part by the fact that fewer of this type are [] .

These are required for obtaining , checking and retrieving specific facts and pieces of information , particularly but not entirely from secondary sources 
these are [] for obtaining , checking and retrieving specific facts and pieces of information , particularly but not entirely from secondary sources 

The behaviour referred to here is that required in the first stages of an encounter with any new material .
the behaviour referred to here is that [] in the first stages of an encounter with any new material .

Vocational education is often thought of as the acquisition of knowledge and skills directly applicable to the job ; but in most posts what is required is not so much the acquisition of a skill as progressive development in the fields of human relations , of judgment , and of general educational standards .
vocational education is often thought of as the acquisition of knowledge and skills directly applicable to the job ; but in most posts what is [] is not so much the acquisition of a skill as progressive development in the fields of human relations , of judgment , and of general educational standards .

Indeed , in order to squeeze all the required National Curriculum subjects into the available time , a cross-curricular approach may be essential .
indeed , in order to squeeze all the [] national curriculum subjects into the available time , a cross-curricular approach may be essential .

Often instead of reading about their local history from the printed page , they are required to piece together from an assortment of contemporary evidence ( old maps , photographs , log books , census returns , directories , evidence from local buildings , and so on ) a coherent picture of what their settlement was like in the past .
often instead of reading about their local history from the printed page , they are [] to piece together from an assortment of contemporary evidence ( old maps , photographs , log books , census returns , directories , evidence from local buildings , and so on ) a coherent picture of what their settlement was like in the past .

The exercise required the class to observe the building very closely , and to examine such things as building materials and styles very carefully .
the exercise [] the class to observe the building very closely , and to examine such things as building materials and styles very carefully .

Indeed `` spot the deliberate mistake `` is one technique that might be used on occasions  a plastic object might be included in a collection of Victorian bric--brac , for instance , and the pupils would be required to explain that plastic had not been invented then .
indeed `` spot the deliberate mistake `` is one technique that might be used on occasions  a plastic object might be included in a collection of victorian bric--brac , for instance , and the pupils would be [] to explain that plastic had not been invented then .

Since everything can not be covered in equal depth teachers need to develop the knowledge , skills and understanding required to progress through each attainment target .
since everything can not be covered in equal depth teachers need to develop the knowledge , skills and understanding [] to progress through each attainment target .

These are questions which history departments must pose for themselves but it should be borne in mind that it is at the end of the key stage that a final assessment will be required .
these are questions which history departments must pose for themselves but it should be borne in mind that it is at the end of the key stage that a final assessment will be [] .

Teachers are not required to give a confirmed level for a pupil at any one moment during the key stage .
teachers are not [] to give a confirmed level for a pupil at any one moment during the key stage .

Pupils may be required to present information from the document in a different form .
pupils may be [] to present information from the document in a different form .

At the end a creative response may be required .
at the end a creative response may be [] .

Pupils working in pairs or groups are required to operate the equipment , and to record a commentary on to audio tape .
pupils working in pairs or groups are [] to operate the equipment , and to record a commentary on to audio tape .

6 ) Some of our constituents may be alarmed at the implications of page 3 para 3 , not so much on the question of  equality  but of accountability , and the suggestion that Christian Aid should be required to be accountable to our partners would take a lot of explaining .
6 ) some of our constituents may be alarmed at the implications of page 3 para 3 , not so much on the question of  equality  but of accountability , and the suggestion that christian aid should be [] to be accountable to our partners would take a lot of explaining .

To note the work done by course team/module leaders in beginning to address  enterprise skills  within a course but to note that further work would be required to be done .
to note the work done by course team/module leaders in beginning to address  enterprise skills  within a course but to note that further work would be [] to be done .

All grant recipients are required to describe in their project reports , the progress and achievements of the project in relation to
all grant recipients are [] to describe in their project reports , the progress and achievements of the project in relation to

Each module is required to include  Enterprise  .
each module is [] to include  enterprise  .

New schemes or amendments to existing schemes within member states have required Community approval , and more recently the Commission has recommended the abolition of some existing state aid schemes , arguing that they have little `` regional `` relevance .
new schemes or amendments to existing schemes within member states have [] community approval , and more recently the commission has recommended the abolition of some existing state aid schemes , arguing that they have little `` regional `` relevance .

Although such possessory rights are capable of being disposed inter vivos and can devolve to one 's heirs upon death , the cardinal rule in Islam is that the State can at any time repossess the land if such land is required for the public good .
although such possessory rights are capable of being disposed inter vivos and can devolve to one 's heirs upon death , the cardinal rule in islam is that the state can at any time repossess the land if such land is [] for the public good .

However , in the late seventeenth century , perjury became a problem , so writing was required by the Statute of Frauds 1677 to prevent the wrongful enforcement of alleged oral agreements for the sale of land ( as well as for certain other contracts ) .
however , in the late seventeenth century , perjury became a problem , so writing was [] by the statute of frauds 1677 to prevent the wrongful enforcement of alleged oral agreements for the sale of land ( as well as for certain other contracts ) .

Of course this notice would naturally not be signed by both parties as required by s. 2 , which had come into effect a few weeks before .
of course this notice would naturally not be signed by both parties as [] by s. 2 , which had come into effect a few weeks before .

( 2 ) This section does not apply to  ( a ) assents by a personal representative ; ( b ) disclaimers made in accordance with section 54 of the bankruptcy Act 1914 or not required to be evidenced in writing ; ( c ) surrenders by operation of law , including surrenders which may , by law , be effected without writing ; ( d ) leases or tenancies or other assurances not required by law to be made in writing ; ( e ) receipts not required by law to be under seal ; ( f ) vesting orders of the court or other competent authority ; ( g ) conveyances taking effect by operation of law .
( 2 ) this section does not apply to  ( a ) assents by a personal representative ; ( b ) disclaimers made in accordance with section 54 of the bankruptcy act 1914 or not [] to be evidenced in writing ; ( c ) surrenders by operation of law , including surrenders which may , by law , be effected without writing ; ( d ) leases or tenancies or other assurances not [] by law to be made in writing ; ( e ) receipts not [] by law to be under seal ; ( f ) vesting orders of the court or other competent authority ; ( g ) conveyances taking effect by operation of law .

( 7 ) Where an instrument under seal that constitutes a deed is required for the purposes of an Act passed before this section comes into force , this section shall have effect as to signing , sealing or delivery of an instrument by an individual in place of any provision of that Act as to signing , sealing or delivery .
( 7 ) where an instrument under seal that constitutes a deed is [] for the purposes of an act passed before this section comes into force , this section shall have effect as to signing , sealing or delivery of an instrument by an individual in place of any provision of that act as to signing , sealing or delivery .

( 9 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1 ) ( b ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 7 ) or ( 8 ) above applies in relation to deeds required or authorised to be made under  ( a ) the seal of the county palatine of Lancaster ; ( b ) the seal of the Duchy of Lancaster ; or ( c ) the seal of the Duchy of Cornwall .
( 9 ) nothing in subsection ( 1 ) ( b ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 7 ) or ( 8 ) above applies in relation to deeds [] or authorised to be made under  ( a ) the seal of the county palatine of lancaster ; ( b ) the seal of the duchy of lancaster ; or ( c ) the seal of the duchy of cornwall .

In adverse possession , the claimant must show not only actual possession for the required period together with an intention to possess the land , but also that the possession was `` adverse `` , which normally means `` designed to keep out the real ( `` `` paper `` `` ) owner `` .
in adverse possession , the claimant must show not only actual possession for the [] period together with an intention to possess the land , but also that the possession was `` adverse `` , which normally means `` designed to keep out the real ( `` `` paper `` `` ) owner `` .

Mr Antoniades required each of them , Mr Villiers and Miss Bridger , to agree to pay one half of each aggregate periodical payment , but this circumstance can not convert a tenancy into a licence .
mr antoniades [] each of them , mr villiers and miss bridger , to agree to pay one half of each aggregate periodical payment , but this circumstance can not convert a tenancy into a licence .

205(1) ( xxvii ) " Term of years absolute " means a term of years ( taking effect either in possession or in reversion whether or not at a rent ) with or without impeachment for waste , subject or not to another legal estate , and either certain or liable to determination by notice , re-entry , operation of law , or by a provision for cesser on redemption , or in any other event ( other than the dropping of a life , or the determination of a determinable life interest ) ; but does not include any term of years determinable with life or lives or with the cesser of a determinable life interest , nor , if created after the commencement of this Act , a term of years which is not expressed to take <pb n=80 effect in possession within twenty-one years after the creation thereof where required by this Act to take effect within that period ; and in this definition the expression " term of years " includes a term for less than a year , or for a year or years and a fraction of a year or from year to year 
205(1) ( xxvii ) " term of years absolute " means a term of years ( taking effect either in possession or in reversion whether or not at a rent ) with or without impeachment for waste , subject or not to another legal estate , and either certain or liable to determination by notice , re-entry , operation of law , or by a provision for cesser on redemption , or in any other event ( other than the dropping of a life , or the determination of a determinable life interest ) ; but does not include any term of years determinable with life or lives or with the cesser of a determinable life interest , nor , if created after the commencement of this act , a term of years which is not expressed to take <pb n=80 effect in possession within twenty-one years after the creation thereof where [] by this act to take effect within that period ; and in this definition the expression " term of years " includes a term for less than a year , or for a year or years and a fraction of a year or from year to year 

It is interesting to note that legislation was required , because , as said above , mid-nineteenth-century reformers thought that most of what was needed could be achieved by formalising the relationship by means of a lease .
it is interesting to note that legislation was [] , because , as said above , mid-nineteenth-century reformers thought that most of what was needed could be achieved by formalising the relationship by means of a lease .

Instruments required to be in writing
instruments [] to be in writing

( b ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or part thereof ; does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises as a residence , he shall be guilty of an offence .
( b ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or part thereof ; does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably [] for the occupation of the premises as a residence , he shall be guilty of an offence .

( b ) he persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises in question as a residence , and ( in either case ) he knows , or has reasonable cause to believe , that the conduct is likely to cause the residential occupier to give up the occupation of the whole or part of the premises or to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the whole or part of the premises .
( b ) he persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably [] for the occupation of the premises in question as a residence , and ( in either case ) he knows , or has reasonable cause to believe , that the conduct is likely to cause the residential occupier to give up the occupation of the whole or part of the premises or to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the whole or part of the premises .

( 2 ) This section also applies if , at any time after 9th June 1988 , a landlord ( in this section referred to as " the landlord in default " ) or any person acting on behalf of the landlord in default  ( a ) attempts unlawfully to deprive the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the whole or part of the premises , or ( b ) knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that the conduct is likely to cause the residential occupier of any premises  ( i ) to give up his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or ( ii ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or any part thereof , does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises as a residence , and , as a result , the residential occupier gives up his occupation of the premises as a residence .
( 2 ) this section also applies if , at any time after 9th june 1988 , a landlord ( in this section referred to as " the landlord in default " ) or any person acting on behalf of the landlord in default  ( a ) attempts unlawfully to deprive the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the whole or part of the premises , or ( b ) knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that the conduct is likely to cause the residential occupier of any premises  ( i ) to give up his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or ( ii ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or any part thereof , does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably [] for the occupation of the premises as a residence , and , as a result , the residential occupier gives up his occupation of the premises as a residence .

In outer London 200,000 homes required repairs costing more than 4,200 in each case 
in outer london 200,000 homes [] repairs costing more than 4,200 in each case 

( 3 ) In determining the standard of repair required by the lessor 's repairing covenant , regard shall be had to the age , character and prospective life of the dwelling-house and the locality in which it is situated 
( 3 ) in determining the standard of repair [] by the lessor 's repairing covenant , regard shall be had to the age , character and prospective life of the dwelling-house and the locality in which it is situated 

It is conceded that in the notice given by the plaintiffs the defendant was not required to remedy the breach , nor was she required to make compensation in money in respect thereof .
it is conceded that in the notice given by the plaintiffs the defendant was not [] to remedy the breach , nor was she [] to make compensation in money in respect thereof .

The Committee decided that the law required thorough overhauling because it was complex and failed to tackle several instances of dishonest dealing with property .
the committee decided that the law [] thorough overhauling because it was complex and failed to tackle several instances of dishonest dealing with property .

Besides the mental element required for theft , it is probable that the force must be applied intentionally or at least recklessly and that the accused must be aware that the force is being used on a person .
besides the mental element [] for theft , it is probable that the force must be applied intentionally or at least recklessly and that the accused must be aware that the force is being used on a person .

Section 3 provides : ( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 3 ) below , a person who , knowing that payment on the spot for any goods supplied or service done is required or expected from him , dishonestly makes off without having paid as required or expected and with intent to avoid payment of the amount due shall be guilty of an offence .
section 3 provides : ( 1 ) subject to subsection ( 3 ) below , a person who , knowing that payment on the spot for any goods supplied or service done is [] or expected from him , dishonestly makes off without having paid as [] or expected and with intent to avoid payment of the amount due shall be guilty of an offence .

In Brooks the Court of Appeal decided that there was no need for the accused to make off stealthily , and that the words `` dishonestly makes off `` usually required no explanation because they bore their `` ordinary natural meaning `` .
in brooks the court of appeal decided that there was no need for the accused to make off stealthily , and that the words `` dishonestly makes off `` usually [] no explanation because they bore their `` ordinary natural meaning `` .

The paragraph is restated to ensure that the offence is required in order to convict of this form of burglary .
the paragraph is restated to ensure that the offence is [] in order to convict of this form of burglary .

In Spratt , though interpretations vary , the Court of Appeal seems to have required intentionally or recklessly occasioning actual bodily harm .
in spratt , though interpretations vary , the court of appeal seems to have [] intentionally or recklessly occasioning actual bodily harm .

Lord Roskill apparently believed that `` inflict `` required the direct application of force to the victim .
lord roskill apparently believed that `` inflict `` [] the direct application of force to the victim .

But even when you are constrained by having to answer a question set for you , it is useful to bear in mind the range of possible essay genres , so that you can decide exactly which combination of focus and mode of argument you are required to adopt .
but even when you are constrained by having to answer a question set for you , it is useful to bear in mind the range of possible essay genres , so that you can decide exactly which combination of focus and mode of argument you are [] to adopt .

In most work you do , it is not especially important which style you use ( unless you are required to use a particular system by your teacher or institution ) .
in most work you do , it is not especially important which style you use ( unless you are [] to use a particular system by your teacher or institution ) .

It is important to estimate peak flow requirement every hour as well as the total amount required per day .
it is important to estimate peak flow requirement every hour as well as the total amount [] per day .

It is essential that such an analysis is undertaken in order to identify the degree of hardness of your water , since this will directly influence the size of softner that will be required to meet your needs .
it is essential that such an analysis is undertaken in order to identify the degree of hardness of your water , since this will directly influence the size of softner that will be [] to meet your needs .

The service contract is of a comprehensive nature to include labour and materials required for any repairs or attention that may be required .
the service contract is of a comprehensive nature to include labour and materials [] for any repairs or attention that may be [] .

Obviously considerable improvement in passenger handling performance was experience on completion of the installation and the special requirements of baggage handling were accommodated by providing the facility of selectively removing a specific lift from the group at required times .
obviously considerable improvement in passenger handling performance was experience on completion of the installation and the special requirements of baggage handling were accommodated by providing the facility of selectively removing a specific lift from the group at [] times .

In these areas , what is required is a product that is both functional and , above all , pleasant to look at .
in these areas , what is [] is a product that is both functional and , above all , pleasant to look at .

It provides a unique trading opportunity where market conditions or size do not justify the capital investment required for a conventional Burger King restaurant .
it provides a unique trading opportunity where market conditions or size do not justify the capital investment [] for a conventional burger king restaurant .

They help to clarify , for both the hotelier and the printer , what is required and reduce the changes of a misinterpreted brief .
they help to clarify , for both the hotelier and the printer , what is [] and reduce the changes of a misinterpreted brief .

It is therefore left to the specialist food service planner to perform the required functions . How does a food service planner do his job ?
it is therefore left to the specialist food service planner to perform the [] functions . how does a food service planner do his job ?

The first and foremost step in planning a food facility is to establish what the facility is going to sell , and what type of function is required from the service facility .
the first and foremost step in planning a food facility is to establish what the facility is going to sell , and what type of function is [] from the service facility .

This entails the choice of the best pieces of equipment to perform the required function , ensuring that the flow of work and service is at its most economical .
this entails the choice of the best pieces of equipment to perform the [] function , ensuring that the flow of work and service is at its most economical .

Different types of food can also be cooked at the same time , such as batch baking in one oven and reheating smaller items as and when required in the other .
different types of food can also be cooked at the same time , such as batch baking in one oven and reheating smaller items as and when [] in the other .

At the end of the cooking period , if further colouring is required or the crackling needs further crisping , turn the oven up high on dry heat/hot air for 10-15 minutes .
at the end of the cooking period , if further colouring is [] or the crackling needs further crisping , turn the oven up high on dry heat/hot air for 10-15 minutes .

Power is instantaneous , which means that no preheating time is required , so overall cooking times are reduced .
power is instantaneous , which means that no preheating time is [] , so overall cooking times are reduced .

Another key area where energy efficiency is required is dishwashing .
another key area where energy efficiency is [] is dishwashing .

The `` act of identity `` is thus construed broadly as a pattern of behaviour over a largish domain , rather than , say , as an instant in the production of talk , where a choice between two phonetic realisations of the same phoneme is required .
the `` act of identity `` is thus construed broadly as a pattern of behaviour over a largish domain , rather than , say , as an instant in the production of talk , where a choice between two phonetic realisations of the same phoneme is [] .

Ideally , an approach is required which will narrow the focus of the `` act of identity `` in such a way that individual choices like the one just mentioned can be seen as part of systematic behaviour patterns which are simultaneously typical of speakers ' own fictive speech communities and conditioned by the immediate context of the interaction in which they occur .
ideally , an approach is [] which will narrow the focus of the `` act of identity `` in such a way that individual choices like the one just mentioned can be seen as part of systematic behaviour patterns which are simultaneously typical of speakers ' own fictive speech communities and conditioned by the immediate context of the interaction in which they occur .

Reasonable foreseeability is always a necessary ingredient of a negligence action as it is required to establish duty of care .
reasonable foreseeability is always a necessary ingredient of a negligence action as it is [] to establish duty of care .

The reasonable foreseeability test should not apply in strict liability torts as foresight of damage is not generally required to establish liability .
the reasonable foreseeability test should not apply in strict liability torts as foresight of damage is not generally [] to establish liability .

The defendant 's employees had been placed in danger by being required to work in a confined space with a petrol driven engine producing poisonous fumes .
the defendant 's employees had been placed in danger by being [] to work in a confined space with a petrol driven engine producing poisonous fumes .

The case established that there can be more than one occupier of the same premises , although the duty required of each might be different : e.g .
the case established that there can be more than one occupier of the same premises , although the duty [] of each might be different : e.g .

As part of his job he is required to visit building sites .
as part of his job he is [] to visit building sites .

This quotation sets out all the points required for an action .
this quotation sets out all the points [] for an action .

They were required by statute to keep their pipes at a certain pressure level .
they were [] by statute to keep their pipes at a certain pressure level .

Statutory regulations binding on both parties required crawling boards to be used on fragile roofs .
statutory regulations binding on both parties [] crawling boards to be used on fragile roofs .

They may then have been required to give hostages as a guarantee of future good behaviour .
they may then have been [] to give hostages as a guarantee of future good behaviour .

Such attitudes she plausibly connected with the difficult circumstances in which he lived , and which required that his work should continue under Cnut , as it had under thelred .
such attitudes she plausibly connected with the difficult circumstances in which he lived , and which [] that his work should continue under cnut , as it had under thelred .

As late Anglo-Saxon rulers were often required to give undertakings of this sort at their coronations , Cnut was possibly crowned and anointed at this time .
as late anglo-saxon rulers were often [] to give undertakings of this sort at their coronations , cnut was possibly crowned and anointed at this time .

The Encomiast has Emma stipulating that a son of hers , rather than any of his other progeny , should be given the succession , and in the circumstances this seems a plausible feature of the deal , especially as she had evidently earlier required the English to guarantee that her son Edward would succeed thelred .
the encomiast has emma stipulating that a son of hers , rather than any of his other progeny , should be given the succession , and in the circumstances this seems a plausible feature of the deal , especially as she had evidently earlier [] the english to guarantee that her son edward would succeed thelred .

He also ordered a gold shrine to be made for St Edith at Wilton which required the skills of three goldsmiths , while Westminster Abbey received an arm of St Cyriacus , bought for 100 marks and clad in gold and silver .
he also ordered a gold shrine to be made for st edith at wilton which [] the skills of three goldsmiths , while westminster abbey received an arm of st cyriacus , bought for 100 marks and clad in gold and silver .

Grandeur required military force , and force was expensive .
grandeur [] military force , and force was expensive .

In the end de Gaulle 's strategy had succeeded , but the fact that it had required Coty 's intervention to be successful showed just how risky it had been .
in the end de gaulle 's strategy had succeeded , but the fact that it had [] coty 's intervention to be successful showed just how risky it had been .

Economic success in the long term required further sacrifices in the short term .
economic success in the long term [] further sacrifices in the short term .

When he had gathered enough information to feel in command of an issue , he required peace and quiet to order his thoughts , assimilate the information within the framework of his part-instinctual , part-rational world-view , and reach a decision .
when he had gathered enough information to feel in command of an issue , he [] peace and quiet to order his thoughts , assimilate the information within the framework of his part-instinctual , part-rational world-view , and reach a decision .

The higher the level , the greater the degree of competence required .
the higher the level , the greater the degree of competence [] .

One new feature of general SVQs is that they recognise performance which is significantly better than that required to prove competence .
one new feature of general svqs is that they recognise performance which is significantly better than that [] to prove competence .

Should general SVQs be able to differentiate students who have performed significantly better than required ?
should general svqs be able to differentiate students who have performed significantly better than [] ?

The groups discussed the need to timetable work required for the additional assessment , difficulties in applying merit criteria , and the need for considerable staff development in the area of integrated delivery and assessment .
the groups discussed the need to timetable work [] for the additional assessment , difficulties in applying merit criteria , and the need for considerable staff development in the area of integrated delivery and assessment .

In a wide-ranging discussion , the groups emphasised the importance of cross-departmental liaison in integrating delivery and assessment , and the time and resources required for the additional assessment .
in a wide-ranging discussion , the groups emphasised the importance of cross-departmental liaison in integrating delivery and assessment , and the time and resources [] for the additional assessment .

It has been vital to let these colleagues know what will be required of students in the additional assessment , so that they can plan their course work accordingly .
it has been vital to let these colleagues know what will be [] of students in the additional assessment , so that they can plan their course work accordingly .

The care programme , funded through Urban Aid and run in our Glenwood Campus , also required a good deal of planning .
the care programme , funded through urban aid and run in our glenwood campus , also [] a good deal of planning .

Yet if we are to pronounce on the desirability or otherwise of individual monopoly situations , or proposed mergers , this is clearly what is required to provide an unambiguous policy recommendation .
yet if we are to pronounce on the desirability or otherwise of individual monopoly situations , or proposed mergers , this is clearly what is [] to provide an unambiguous policy recommendation .

Surplus could be increased further if the monopoly firm was required to produce where its marginal cost was equal to price .
surplus could be increased further if the monopoly firm was [] to produce where its marginal cost was equal to price .

In this the Commission is charged with keeping all State aids under continuous review , and member states are required to provide prior notification of any plans to grant or to alter aid .
in this the commission is charged with keeping all state aids under continuous review , and member states are [] to provide prior notification of any plans to grant or to alter aid .

Every applicant for initial registration is required to produce confirmation from the relevant law society , bar , chamber or court that its professional rules do not prohibit practice in partnership with English solicitors in England and Wales ( except where such confirmation from that body has already been received ) .
every applicant for initial registration is [] to produce confirmation from the relevant law society , bar , chamber or court that its professional rules do not prohibit practice in partnership with english solicitors in england and wales ( except where such confirmation from that body has already been received ) .

Applicants are reminded that registration is required by a foreign lawyer who is :
applicants are reminded that registration is [] by a foreign lawyer who is :

the registered foreign lawyer shall not be required to make an annual contribution .
the registered foreign lawyer shall not be [] to make an annual contribution .

Where a registered foreign lawyer is required to pay an annual contribution , but has , during the period specified in his or her application for renewal of registration , mainly practised from an office or offices outside England and Wales , that annual contribution shall be reduced to one quarter of the full amount determined under Schedule 14 paragraph ( 7 ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the Act , rounded to the nearest five pounds .
where a registered foreign lawyer is [] to pay an annual contribution , but has , during the period specified in his or her application for renewal of registration , mainly practised from an office or offices outside england and wales , that annual contribution shall be reduced to one quarter of the full amount determined under schedule 14 paragraph ( 7 ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the act , rounded to the nearest five pounds .

Where a registered foreign lawyer who would , apart from this rule , be required to pay an annual contribution or special levy , claims , and the Council agrees , that he or she is so covered in respect of dishonesty or failure to account , whether by a compensation fund other than the Solicitors ' Compensation Fund , or by an indemnity fund other than the Solicitors ' Indemnity Fund , or by compulsory insurance , that there is a substantial reduction in the risk to the Solicitors ' Compensation Fund in respect of his or her practice in comparison with the risk presented by a solicitor practising in a like manner , the Council may reduce that annual contribution or special levy to such amount as the Council thinks fit or to zero .
where a registered foreign lawyer who would , apart from this rule , be [] to pay an annual contribution or special levy , claims , and the council agrees , that he or she is so covered in respect of dishonesty or failure to account , whether by a compensation fund other than the solicitors ' compensation fund , or by an indemnity fund other than the solicitors ' indemnity fund , or by compulsory insurance , that there is a substantial reduction in the risk to the solicitors ' compensation fund in respect of his or her practice in comparison with the risk presented by a solicitor practising in a like manner , the council may reduce that annual contribution or special levy to such amount as the council thinks fit or to zero .

Whilst certain provisions in the memorandum and articles are essential in order to comply with legal provisions and/or with the rules , all that is required is that the memorandum and articles of a recognised body comply with both the rules and the necessary legal provisions ; the format does not have to be followed .
whilst certain provisions in the memorandum and articles are essential in order to comply with legal provisions and/or with the rules , all that is [] is that the memorandum and articles of a recognised body comply with both the rules and the necessary legal provisions ; the format does not have to be followed .

Each shareholder of ( and beneficial owner of shares in ) an incorporated practice is required to submit to the Council a covenant , the effect of which will be that the costs of grants paid from the Compensation Fund in respect of the practice will in certain circumstances be recoverable from its shareholders .
each shareholder of ( and beneficial owner of shares in ) an incorporated practice is [] to submit to the council a covenant , the effect of which will be that the costs of grants paid from the compensation fund in respect of the practice will in certain circumstances be recoverable from its shareholders .

Top-up insurance will be required in addition ( see Rule 13 ) , where the recognised body is a company limited by shares .
top-up insurance will be [] in addition ( see rule 13 ) , where the recognised body is a company limited by shares .

( 2 ) The insurance required by paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule shall provide , over and above that maximum indemnity , a minimum cover of either 500,000 on an each and every claim basis or 2,000,000 per annum on an aggregate basis .
( 2 ) the insurance [] by paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule shall provide , over and above that maximum indemnity , a minimum cover of either 500,000 on an each and every claim basis or 2,000,000 per annum on an aggregate basis .

( 3 ) The losses against which a recognised body is required to insure under this Rule are all losses arising from claims in respect of civil liability incurred in the practice of the recognised body by the recognised body or by any of its officers or employees or former officers or employees or by any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is or was a consultant to or associate in the body 's practice or is or was working in the practice as an agent or a locum tenens ; save that a recognised body shall not be required to insure against losses arising from claims of a type excluded , by the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies , from being afforded indemnity by the Solicitors Indemnity Fund .
( 3 ) the losses against which a recognised body is [] to insure under this rule are all losses arising from claims in respect of civil liability incurred in the practice of the recognised body by the recognised body or by any of its officers or employees or former officers or employees or by any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is or was a consultant to or associate in the body 's practice or is or was working in the practice as an agent or a locum tenens ; save that a recognised body shall not be [] to insure against losses arising from claims of a type excluded , by the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies , from being afforded indemnity by the solicitors indemnity fund .

( 4 ) The insurance required by paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule shall cover the insured in respect of :
( 4 ) the insurance [] by paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule shall cover the insured in respect of :

( 1 ) Each member of and each beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body shall submit to the Council , in such form as the Council may from time to time prescribe , a covenant under seal ( referred to in these Rules as a  Compensation Fund covenant  ) that he or it will jointly and severally with the other members of and beneficial owners of any shares in the body reimburse the Society , when required to do so by the Council , in respect of any grant made out of the Compensation Fund under paragraph 6 of Schedule 2 to the Act where :
( 1 ) each member of and each beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body shall submit to the council , in such form as the council may from time to time prescribe , a covenant under seal ( referred to in these rules as a  compensation fund covenant  ) that he or it will jointly and severally with the other members of and beneficial owners of any shares in the body reimburse the society , when [] to do so by the council , in respect of any grant made out of the compensation fund under paragraph 6 of schedule 2 to the act where :

provided that a member or a beneficial owner of a share shall only be required to reimburse the Society to the extent that the Society has been unable to recover the amount of the grant from the recognised body or the officer or employee committing the act or default or the personal representative , trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator or any such person .
provided that a member or a beneficial owner of a share shall only be [] to reimburse the society to the extent that the society has been unable to recover the amount of the grant from the recognised body or the officer or employee committing the act or default or the personal representative , trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator or any such person .

provide items required by the Council
provide items [] by the council

Provisions not identified below as being required by the Companies Act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the Rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .
provisions not identified below as being [] by the companies act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .

( f ) To invest and deal with the moneys of the Company not immediately required in such manner as may from time to time be determined and to hold or otherwise deal with any investments made .
( f ) to invest and deal with the moneys of the company not immediately [] in such manner as may from time to time be determined and to hold or otherwise deal with any investments made .

( 2 ) The Company may require a member to furnish any information , document or other matter which the Directors may think necessary for the purpose of enabling the Company to comply with the Rules and the member shall furnish the information , document or other matter required within such period as may be determined by the Directors .
( 2 ) the company may require a member to furnish any information , document or other matter which the directors may think necessary for the purpose of enabling the company to comply with the rules and the member shall furnish the information , document or other matter [] within such period as may be determined by the directors .

The Directors shall not enter in the Company 's register of members any person until that person and any person for whom he holds a Share as nominee has submitted to the Council a Compensation Fund covenant as required by the Rules and furnished evidence of such submission to the Directors .
the directors shall not enter in the company 's register of members any person until that person and any person for whom he holds a share as nominee has submitted to the council a compensation fund covenant as [] by the rules and furnished evidence of such submission to the directors .

( 6 ) If the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice the Proposing Transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the Directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the Shares to any person not being a Member but capable of being a Member under these Articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the Prescribed Price but in that event the Directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any Share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .
( 6 ) if the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to purchase all the shares comprised in the transfer notice the proposing transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the shares to any person not being a member but capable of being a member under these articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the prescribed price but in that event the directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any share and shall not be [] or bound to state the reason for any refusal .

Failing such information or evidence being furnished the Directors may give the person from whom the information or evidence required notice that , if the information or evidence in question is not furnished within such periods as may be determined by the Directors and stated in the notice , the Directors may refuse to register the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) may require that a Transfer Notice be given in respect of the Shares concerned .
failing such information or evidence being furnished the directors may give the person from whom the information or evidence [] notice that , if the information or evidence in question is not furnished within such periods as may be determined by the directors and stated in the notice , the directors may refuse to register the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) may require that a transfer notice be given in respect of the shares concerned .

( 12 ) Any notice required to be given under this Article by the Company to a Member or by a Member to the Company shall be given or served either personally or by sending it by first class post to the registered office of the Company or , as the case may be , to the registered address of the Member or ( if he has no registered address within the United Kingdom ) to the address , if any , within the United Kingdom supplied by him to the Company for the giving of notice to him .
( 12 ) any notice [] to be given under this article by the company to a member or by a member to the company shall be given or served either personally or by sending it by first class post to the registered office of the company or , as the case may be , to the registered address of the member or ( if he has no registered address within the united kingdom ) to the address , if any , within the united kingdom supplied by him to the company for the giving of notice to him .

( 2 ) Where a member fails to disclose or furnish any information , document or other matter which he is required to disclose or furnish to the Company under Article 6 the Directors may resolve that no vote shall be tendered or accepted in respect of any share held by or for him until the member shall have disclosed or furnished the information , document or other matter required .
( 2 ) where a member fails to disclose or furnish any information , document or other matter which he is [] to disclose or furnish to the company under article 6 the directors may resolve that no vote shall be tendered or accepted in respect of any share held by or for him until the member shall have disclosed or furnished the information , document or other matter [] .

Subject to such disclosure as is required by Section 317 of the Act , a Director may vote in respect of any contract or arrangement in which he is interested or upon any matter arising out of the same and may be counted in the quorum present at any meeting at which any such contract , arrangement or matter is proposed or considered and if he shall so vote his vote shall be counted .
subject to such disclosure as is [] by section 317 of the act , a director may vote in respect of any contract or arrangement in which he is interested or upon any matter arising out of the same and may be counted in the quorum present at any meeting at which any such contract , arrangement or matter is proposed or considered and if he shall so vote his vote shall be counted .

Provisions not identified below as being required by the Companies Act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the Rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .
provisions not identified below as being [] by the companies act or as being necessary to ensure a practice 's ability to comply with the rules are simply suggested by way of guidance ; practitioners should be aware that other approaches may be taken to the matters covered by such provisions .

( f ) To invest and deal with the moneys of the Company not immediately required in such manner as may from time to time be determined and to hold or otherwise deal with any investments made .
( f ) to invest and deal with the moneys of the company not immediately [] in such manner as may from time to time be determined and to hold or otherwise deal with any investments made .

( 2 ) The Company may require a member to furnish any information , document or other matter which the Directors may think necessary for the purpose of enabling the Company to comply with the Rules and the member shall furnish the information , document or other matter required within such period as may be determined by the Directors .
( 2 ) the company may require a member to furnish any information , document or other matter which the directors may think necessary for the purpose of enabling the company to comply with the rules and the member shall furnish the information , document or other matter [] within such period as may be determined by the directors .

The Directors shall not enter in the Company 's register of members any person until that person and any person for whom he holds a Share as nominee has submitted to the Council a Compensation Fund covenant as required by the Rules and furnished evidence of such submission to the Directors .
the directors shall not enter in the company 's register of members any person until that person and any person for whom he holds a share as nominee has submitted to the council a compensation fund covenant as [] by the rules and furnished evidence of such submission to the directors .

( 6 ) If the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a Purchaser or Purchasers willing to purchase all the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice the Proposing Transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the Directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the Shares to any person not being a Member but capable of being a Member under these Articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the Prescribed Price but in that event the Directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any Share and shall not be required or bound to state the reason for any refusal .
( 6 ) if the company shall not within the period limited for acceptance find a purchaser or purchasers willing to purchase all the shares comprised in the transfer notice the proposing transferor shall at any time within [ three ] months after the directors have so confirmed their inability to him in writing be at liberty to transfer the shares to any person not being a member but capable of being a member under these articles on a bona fide sale at any price not being less than the prescribed price but in that event the directors may , in their absolute discretion , decline to register any such transfer of any share and shall not be [] or bound to state the reason for any refusal .

Failing such information or evidence being furnished the Directors may give the person from whom the information or evidence required notice that , if the information or evidence in question is not furnished within such periods as may be determined by the Directors and stated in the notice , the Directors may refuse to register the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) may require that a Transfer Notice be given in respect of the Shares concerned .
failing such information or evidence being furnished the directors may give the person from whom the information or evidence [] notice that , if the information or evidence in question is not furnished within such periods as may be determined by the directors and stated in the notice , the directors may refuse to register the transfer in question or ( in case no transfer is in question ) may require that a transfer notice be given in respect of the shares concerned .

( 12 ) Any notice required to be given under this Article by the Company to a Member or by a Member to the Company shall be given or served either personally or by sending it by first class post to the registered office of the Company or , as the case may be , to the registered address of the Member or ( if he has no registered address within the United Kingdom ) to the address , if any , within the United Kingdom supplied by him to the Company for the giving of notice to him .
( 12 ) any notice [] to be given under this article by the company to a member or by a member to the company shall be given or served either personally or by sending it by first class post to the registered office of the company or , as the case may be , to the registered address of the member or ( if he has no registered address within the united kingdom ) to the address , if any , within the united kingdom supplied by him to the company for the giving of notice to him .

( 2 ) Where a member fails to disclose or furnish any information , document or other matter which he is required to disclose or furnish to the Company under Article 6 the Directors may resolve that no vote shall be tendered or accepted in respect of any share held by or for him until the member shall have disclosed or furnished the information , document or other matter required .
( 2 ) where a member fails to disclose or furnish any information , document or other matter which he is [] to disclose or furnish to the company under article 6 the directors may resolve that no vote shall be tendered or accepted in respect of any share held by or for him until the member shall have disclosed or furnished the information , document or other matter [] .

Subject to such disclosure as is required by Section 317 of the Act , a Director may vote in respect of any contract or arrangement in which he is interested or upon any matter arising out of the same and may be counted in the quorum present at any meeting at which any such contract , arrangement or matter is proposed or considered and if he shall so vote his vote shall be counted .
subject to such disclosure as is [] by section 317 of the act , a director may vote in respect of any contract or arrangement in which he is interested or upon any matter arising out of the same and may be counted in the quorum present at any meeting at which any such contract , arrangement or matter is proposed or considered and if he shall so vote his vote shall be counted .

It further covenants with the Council that before transferring any share in the Company or transferring a beneficial interest in any such share or holding any such share as nominee it will ensure that the intended transferee or beneficial owner submits to the Council a Compensation Fund covenant as required by Rule 14 of the Solicitors ' Incorporated Practice Rules 1988 ( or any modification or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in force ) .
it further covenants with the council that before transferring any share in the company or transferring a beneficial interest in any such share or holding any such share as nominee it will ensure that the intended transferee or beneficial owner submits to the council a compensation fund covenant as [] by rule 14 of the solicitors ' incorporated practice rules 1988 ( or any modification or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in force ) .

Let us suppose that following incorporation the partners award themselves salaries of 43,500 which is about the level required to ensure that tax on the salary does not exceed the basic 25% rate .
let us suppose that following incorporation the partners award themselves salaries of 43,500 which is about the level [] to ensure that tax on the salary does not exceed the basic 25% rate .

The smith was invoking the part of the Elizabethan Poor Law which required the parish to assist the able-bodied to work .
the smith was invoking the part of the elizabethan poor law which [] the parish to assist the able-bodied to work .

Required levels of literacy and dexterity kept the supply of compositors , on the other hand , in better balance with the demands of the printing trade .
[] levels of literacy and dexterity kept the supply of compositors , on the other hand , in better balance with the demands of the printing trade .

In the eastern counties Snell examined ( Cambridgeshire , Bedfordshire , Huntingdonshire , Northamptonshire , Suffolk , Norfolk , Buckinghamshire , Berkshire , Oxfordshire and Hampshire ) female real wages were falling after 1760 for the sharply declining numbers still required .
in the eastern counties snell examined ( cambridgeshire , bedfordshire , huntingdonshire , northamptonshire , suffolk , norfolk , buckinghamshire , berkshire , oxfordshire and hampshire ) female real wages were falling after 1760 for the sharply declining numbers still [] .

Graph search terminology allows us to give a breakdown of the minimum requirements of the sort of mechanism required to search this space , regardless of ( i ) how information about valid paths is retrieved , ( ii ) how the search space is constructed and stored , and ( iii ) the specific strategies used for searching that space .
graph search terminology allows us to give a breakdown of the minimum requirements of the sort of mechanism [] to search this space , regardless of ( i ) how information about valid paths is retrieved , ( ii ) how the search space is constructed and stored , and ( iii ) the specific strategies used for searching that space .

This will help to distinguish those decisions which are required by the general graph-searching characteristics of the task , those required by the specific nature of the speech processing task , and those required by the particular system architecture .
this will help to distinguish those decisions which are [] by the general graph-searching characteristics of the task , those [] by the specific nature of the speech processing task , and those [] by the particular system architecture .

In addition , the information required to identify perceptual units such as phonemes overlaps in time with information about preceding and following phonemes .
in addition , the information [] to identify perceptual units such as phonemes overlaps in time with information about preceding and following phonemes .

We mentioned earlier the problem of relaxing phonetic constraints without knowing the lexical context , and whether such relaxation was required .
we mentioned earlier the problem of relaxing phonetic constraints without knowing the lexical context , and whether such relaxation was [] .

They represent the set of minimal units required to uniquely specify a word , with the exception of homophones .
they represent the set of minimal units [] to uniquely specify a word , with the exception of homophones .

Subsequent context was required for recognition of the word .
subsequent context was [] for recognition of the word .

These strings are ( acoustically ) equally plausible ; syntactic and semantic information would be required to decide between them .
these strings are ( acoustically ) equally plausible ; syntactic and semantic information would be [] to decide between them .

Some elements will be unprotected being idea , dictated by considerations of efficiency ( therefore necessarily incidental to idea ) , required by external factors ( scenes a faire doctrine ) , or taken from the public domain .
some elements will be unprotected being idea , dictated by considerations of efficiency ( therefore necessarily incidental to idea ) , [] by external factors ( scenes a faire doctrine ) , or taken from the public domain .

Thus George Harrison 's song `` My Sweet Lord `` was alleged to have infringed an earlier song `` He 's so Fine `` , but it is thought that the evidence required to support this proposition would have to be quite strong .
thus george harrison 's song `` my sweet lord `` was alleged to have infringed an earlier song `` he 's so fine `` , but it is thought that the evidence [] to support this proposition would have to be quite strong .

This would appear to be a higher standard than that required in the United Kingdom where copyright law has developed in a pragmatic rather than principled manner .
this would appear to be a higher standard than that [] in the united kingdom where copyright law has developed in a pragmatic rather than principled manner .

This database will be protected by copyright because it has required skill and judgment in the design of the structure of the database ( that is , number and type of fields and their lengths ) and in the selection of the information to be entered .
this database will be protected by copyright because it has [] skill and judgment in the design of the structure of the database ( that is , number and type of fields and their lengths ) and in the selection of the information to be entered .

Although the defendant programmer would not be allowed simply to copy the programs in question , he would not be required to `` wipe clean the slate of his memory `` because to do so would unduly restrict his use of his own training , skill and experience .
although the defendant programmer would not be allowed simply to copy the programs in question , he would not be [] to `` wipe clean the slate of his memory `` because to do so would unduly restrict his use of his own training , skill and experience .

The fact that some infringements do not require any form of knowledge may seem unduly harsh , but knowledge is required for some of the remedies and the situation is not as inequitable as it might appear , bearing in mind the need to protect the patent .
the fact that some infringements do not require any form of knowledge may seem unduly harsh , but knowledge is [] for some of the remedies and the situation is not as inequitable as it might appear , bearing in mind the need to protect the patent .

The fees for registration are relatively modest ( presently just over 160 ) but this must be multiplied by the number of classes for which registration is required .
the fees for registration are relatively modest ( presently just over 160 ) but this must be multiplied by the number of classes for which registration is [] .

Proof of financial loss was also required , subject to the relaxation in Section 3 of the Defamation Act 1952 ( that is , where the offending words are calculated to cause pecuniary damage and are published in writing or other permanent form ) .
proof of financial loss was also [] , subject to the relaxation in section 3 of the defamation act 1952 ( that is , where the offending words are calculated to cause pecuniary damage and are published in writing or other permanent form ) .

In some of these countries , a copyright notice is required and it is for this reason that the familiar copyright symbol  is used .
in some of these countries , a copyright notice is [] and it is for this reason that the familiar copyright symbol  is used .

The point of the above story is to demonstrate the importance of the parties knowing precisely what is to be expected in terms of performance and the standards required .
the point of the above story is to demonstrate the importance of the parties knowing precisely what is to be expected in terms of performance and the standards [] .

Under certain circumstances a person will be liable to another for failing to exercise a required duty of care .
under certain circumstances a person will be liable to another for failing to exercise a [] duty of care .

Therefore , the required relationship exists where one person holds himself out as an expert and gives advice which is intended to be taken seriously and acted upon even though no contractual relationship exists .
therefore , the [] relationship exists where one person holds himself out as an expert and gives advice which is intended to be taken seriously and acted upon even though no contractual relationship exists .

Objectives of the research included : to provide hospitality companies with information and advice on the skill and knowledge requirements of managers working in different sectors of the industry , in some European countries , which will assist them in their recruitment and human resource development activities ; to identify the education and training needs of managers moving within the European hospitality industry and offer a basis for the design of short courses , distance leaning materials and training packages to meet those needs , in collaboration with European partners ; and to assess the extent to which the skills and knowledge required by hospitality managers are generic and may be transferable across different industries .
objectives of the research included : to provide hospitality companies with information and advice on the skill and knowledge requirements of managers working in different sectors of the industry , in some european countries , which will assist them in their recruitment and human resource development activities ; to identify the education and training needs of managers moving within the european hospitality industry and offer a basis for the design of short courses , distance leaning materials and training packages to meet those needs , in collaboration with european partners ; and to assess the extent to which the skills and knowledge [] by hospitality managers are generic and may be transferable across different industries .

This Code of Conduct defines the standards required by Article 14 of Articles of Association . It is in two parts :
this code of conduct defines the standards [] by article 14 of articles of association . it is in two parts :

In general , members of the association are required to exercise their professional skill and judgement to the best of their ability and faithfully to carry out their professional responsibilities with integrity .
in general , members of the association are [] to exercise their professional skill and judgement to the best of their ability and faithfully to carry out their professional responsibilities with integrity .

The Tribunal is not required to reach a unanimous decision .
the tribunal is not [] to reach a unanimous decision .

Where only one sponsor is required , alternative sponsors should be sought on at least an annual basis ;
where only one sponsor is [] , alternative sponsors should be sought on at least an annual basis ;

Some of his self-portrayal is admittedly utterly unattractive : But are we required or invited to follow or even to surpass the Reeve in hostile judgement of his character ?
some of his self-portrayal is admittedly utterly unattractive : but are we [] or invited to follow or even to surpass the reeve in hostile judgement of his character ?

Here adjustments in national price levels allow the required downward adjustment in real wages , but this will affect international competitiveness unless it is possible to undertake a devaluation of the currency .
here adjustments in national price levels allow the [] downward adjustment in real wages , but this will affect international competitiveness unless it is possible to undertake a devaluation of the currency .

Although the Treaty of Rome had laid down the fundamental freedom of movement of workers ( Arts 48  51 ) and the right of establishment in any economic activity across all member states , a succession of secondary legislation has been required to give concrete form to these principles .
although the treaty of rome had laid down the fundamental freedom of movement of workers ( arts 48  51 ) and the right of establishment in any economic activity across all member states , a succession of secondary legislation has been [] to give concrete form to these principles .

lawyers and accountants , and here a test of competence will still be required .
lawyers and accountants , and here a test of competence will still be [] .

Prior agreement with the workforce on representation will be required before a European Company can be incorporated , with a `` fallback `` national standard model specified should there be a failure to reach an agreement .
prior agreement with the workforce on representation will be [] before a european company can be incorporated , with a `` fallback `` national standard model specified should there be a failure to reach an agreement .

No formal qualifications required
no formal qualifications []

No formal qualifications required , although you will have to sit a selection test [ reasoning , English language , numeracy and mechanical comprehension ] .
no formal qualifications [] , although you will have to sit a selection test [ reasoning , english language , numeracy and mechanical comprehension ] .

No formal qualifications required
no formal qualifications []

For when he seeks a particular type of person to assist him in a particular way , he can be assured that the recruitment professional will not waste his time or energy in introducing unsuitable candidates for consideration , but that he will be given details of only the right sort of person for the required position .
for when he seeks a particular type of person to assist him in a particular way , he can be assured that the recruitment professional will not waste his time or energy in introducing unsuitable candidates for consideration , but that he will be given details of only the right sort of person for the [] position .

It is also the banking centre of the ship and carries out all administrative work required to allow the passengers to enjoy their holiday .
it is also the banking centre of the ship and carries out all administrative work [] to allow the passengers to enjoy their holiday .

Once the training executive considers , in consultation with the person 's general manager , that all the training which is required for the person to be an effective assistant manager has been delivered , a performance review will be arranged .
once the training executive considers , in consultation with the person 's general manager , that all the training which is [] for the person to be an effective assistant manager has been delivered , a performance review will be arranged .

Offers of Organisers for this event welcome ! Advice through notes on past events available and Pat Palmer , who teachers at this school is willing to liaise if required .
offers of organisers for this event welcome ! advice through notes on past events available and pat palmer , who teachers at this school is willing to liaise if [] .

Tickets prices 3.50 ( members only ) are available from the Office please include a stamped and address envelope with your cheque stating if a directional map is also required .
tickets prices 3.50 ( members only ) are available from the office please include a stamped and address envelope with your cheque stating if a directional map is also [] .

In spite of the request for an immediate return , which accompanied the new pink slip , to the office or to Jean Parmiter with the required information over 60 teachers had to be contacted by telephone , a time consuming and expensive way of acquiring the figures etc. needed for the Annual Report . Once again please send in details when they are needed  on time !
in spite of the request for an immediate return , which accompanied the new pink slip , to the office or to jean parmiter with the [] information over 60 teachers had to be contacted by telephone , a time consuming and expensive way of acquiring the figures etc. needed for the annual report . once again please send in details when they are needed  on time !

Each year time and money is wasted by the exorbitant amount of telephoning required to gather in all this information .
each year time and money is wasted by the exorbitant amount of telephoning [] to gather in all this information .

Please contact Hilda Hewitt at the office for more details of what is required if you are interested .
please contact hilda hewitt at the office for more details of what is [] if you are interested .

This vitally important information is required for the Society 's Annual Report , which in turn is necessary with regard to our application for Sports Council Grant Aid .
this vitally important information is [] for the society 's annual report , which in turn is necessary with regard to our application for sports council grant aid .

In particular , see current programme , a volunteer ( or two ) is required for the morning sessions of the 27th June 1981 .
in particular , see current programme , a volunteer ( or two ) is [] for the morning sessions of the 27th june 1981 .

Organisers for this event are still required .
organisers for this event are still [] .

Please check to see if yours is correct for 8081 , stating clearly all that is required and also delete those no longer running .
please check to see if yours is correct for 8081 , stating clearly all that is [] and also delete those no longer running .

Those note teaching are only required to pay for each day actually attended .
those note teaching are only [] to pay for each day actually attended .

Donations are also required towards the cost of Raffle prizes .
donations are also [] towards the cost of raffle prizes .

Your class numbers are required , please send details of number of classes and numbers in class ; plus details of classes which although advertised did not actually start .
your class numbers are [] , please send details of number of classes and numbers in class ; plus details of classes which although advertised did not actually start .

Contributions are required from everyone towards the raffle prizes .
contributions are [] from everyone towards the raffle prizes .

In a mass item , although a high standard is looked for , the large number required may bring about a variation in levels of performance and the contents needs to allow for this ( e.g .
in a mass item , although a high standard is looked for , the large number [] may bring about a variation in levels of performance and the contents needs to allow for this ( e.g .

Knowledge of this fact being the result of the finding , the to infinitive is required in order to evoke it in the subsequence of the event of discovering denoted by the main verb .
knowledge of this fact being the result of the finding , the to infinitive is [] in order to evoke it in the subsequence of the event of discovering denoted by the main verb .

To be more exact , get itself evokes the efforts required to obtain a certain behaviour from someone or something and the to infinitive expresses the result obtained .
to be more exact , get itself evokes the efforts [] to obtain a certain behaviour from someone or something and the to infinitive expresses the result obtained .

Thus do evokes the taking place in time  in the stretch of time in the past or non-past required to realize it  of the event denoted by the infinitive .
thus do evokes the taking place in time  in the stretch of time in the past or non-past [] to realize it  of the event denoted by the infinitive .

It need seldom be required of us .
it need seldom be [] of us .

( In passing this is why how and why can function as interrogative adverbs to request identification of the means required to achieve some end or the reason for something . )
( in passing this is why how and why can function as interrogative adverbs to request identification of the means [] to achieve some end or the reason for something . )

To is required with the infinitive in order to represent this movement from a before-position when the event was not yet realized  at which point , according to the speaker , it could and perhaps should have been prevented from occurring  to an after-position corresponding to its actual realization .
to is [] with the infinitive in order to represent this movement from a before-position when the event was not yet realized  at which point , according to the speaker , it could and perhaps should have been prevented from occurring  to an after-position corresponding to its actual realization .

With lexical verbs , the infinitive evokes its event as incident to a support which receives the incidence of the lexical verb 's event in the same time-stretch as that required to represent the infinitive 's actualization .
with lexical verbs , the infinitive evokes its event as incident to a support which receives the incidence of the lexical verb 's event in the same time-stretch as that [] to represent the infinitive 's actualization .

In this case to is required in order to represent the relation in time between the two positions of person involved here , one before the time of the infinitive 's event , the other at the beginning of its actualization .
in this case to is [] in order to represent the relation in time between the two positions of person involved here , one before the time of the infinitive 's event , the other at the beginning of its actualization .

Further research is required to examine the extent of non-completion among different categories of non-traditional students and the reasons for this .
further research is [] to examine the extent of non-completion among different categories of non-traditional students and the reasons for this .

Further research will be required to investigate the factors associated with the differential levels of degree performance between categories of non-traditional entrants , and between these students and traditionally qualified entrants .
further research will be [] to investigate the factors associated with the differential levels of degree performance between categories of non-traditional entrants , and between these students and traditionally qualified entrants .

This would also raise important questions regarding the policies and practices of institutions with regard to : selecting students , and ensuring that the selection procedures are appropriate in identifying students with the potential for success ; ensuring that they are adequately prepared for their course of study , and providing assistance where necessary through appropriate pre-entry provision ; supporting students during the time that they are in the institution , including ensuring that approaches to teaching and learning are appropriate as well as providing the study skills and counselling support required .
this would also raise important questions regarding the policies and practices of institutions with regard to : selecting students , and ensuring that the selection procedures are appropriate in identifying students with the potential for success ; ensuring that they are adequately prepared for their course of study , and providing assistance where necessary through appropriate pre-entry provision ; supporting students during the time that they are in the institution , including ensuring that approaches to teaching and learning are appropriate as well as providing the study skills and counselling support [] .

Johnes ' main conclusion was that raising the academic requirements for entry into university may not be the most appropriate method for reducing wastage rates , since the academic ability required to succeed at university is clearly imperfectly reflected by the results of school examinations . Further there are several non-academic characteristics which are also highly significant determinants of wastage , and even when all academic and non-academic characteristics are taken into account , the degree of certainty with which potential non-graduates can be predicted is still small
johnes ' main conclusion was that raising the academic requirements for entry into university may not be the most appropriate method for reducing wastage rates , since the academic ability [] to succeed at university is clearly imperfectly reflected by the results of school examinations . further there are several non-academic characteristics which are also highly significant determinants of wastage , and even when all academic and non-academic characteristics are taken into account , the degree of certainty with which potential non-graduates can be predicted is still small

Far greater sacrifices were required from Rochester , who volunteered to take Willis in as a lodger .
far greater sacrifices were [] from rochester , who volunteered to take willis in as a lodger .

Until quite recently , meat from lambs under two years old was considered pale and tasteless so mutton ( a darker meat ) was preferred , even though it required slower cooking .
until quite recently , meat from lambs under two years old was considered pale and tasteless so mutton ( a darker meat ) was preferred , even though it [] slower cooking .

Add a little more water or flour if required to achieve the correct consistency .
add a little more water or flour if [] to achieve the correct consistency .

pinch of paprika , for colour ( if required )
pinch of paprika , for colour ( if [] )

Mix the watercress sauce ingredients together ; chill until required .
mix the watercress sauce ingredients together ; chill until [] .

Pipe swirls into the chocolate cases and top with a whole almond ; chill until required .
pipe swirls into the chocolate cases and top with a whole almond ; chill until [] .

Eggsperts required
eggsperts []

His `` philosophic sense `` required to be given a freer play and a more adequate expression .
his `` philosophic sense `` [] to be given a freer play and a more adequate expression .

And although it is true that Wagner could , if required , have figured under various of their headings , it seems that the decision to lay any emphasis on the relevance of Wagner 's work to his own ideas represented a further and final development .
and although it is true that wagner could , if [] , have figured under various of their headings , it seems that the decision to lay any emphasis on the relevance of wagner 's work to his own ideas represented a further and final development .

Nedham and Bowes were further required to acquaint themselves with the costing of the roasting and smelting .
nedham and bowes were further [] to acquaint themselves with the costing of the roasting and smelting .

The Commissioners were required to make a comprehensive inventory of the houses and buildings , even ``  household stuff plate & implemt  `` , and covered equipment , wheels etc .
the commissioners were [] to make a comprehensive inventory of the houses and buildings , even ``  household stuff plate & implemt  `` , and covered equipment , wheels etc .

The whole process required constant skilled attention .
the whole process [] constant skilled attention .

For a drainage level to come in at this depth would have required some 600 ft. of tunnelling and of course , since the art of blasting was not yet introduced , it would have been a protracted and costly operation .
for a drainage level to come in at this depth would have [] some 600 ft. of tunnelling and of course , since the art of blasting was not yet introduced , it would have been a protracted and costly operation .

The lease required a proportion of one-twelfth of `` waste ore `` to be made available at the end of every three years and made saleable  failure to do so resulting in forfeiture of all such material .
the lease [] a proportion of one-twelfth of `` waste ore `` to be made available at the end of every three years and made saleable  failure to do so resulting in forfeiture of all such material .

Six days notice was required of the time and place of the weighing in order that the Lord 's agent could attend .
six days notice was [] of the time and place of the weighing in order that the lord 's agent could attend .

Any employee at Coniston Mines during the 19th Century would fall into one of two distinct categories : ( 1 ) a dayworker , whose wages were generally based upon a rate of so much per day but which was variable depending upon the degree of skill required , yet at times might be calculated on a piece rate , or , ( 2 ) a miner engaged in winning ore from the stopes , tunnelling , raising , or shaft sinking through rock .
any employee at coniston mines during the 19th century would fall into one of two distinct categories : ( 1 ) a dayworker , whose wages were generally based upon a rate of so much per day but which was variable depending upon the degree of skill [] , yet at times might be calculated on a piece rate , or , ( 2 ) a miner engaged in winning ore from the stopes , tunnelling , raising , or shaft sinking through rock .

What little ore was mined began to be processed as required by available day workers .
what little ore was mined began to be processed as [] by available day workers .

These were heavy , often of doubtful efficiency , and required clamping to heavy iron roof-to-floor stanchions .
these were heavy , often of doubtful efficiency , and [] clamping to heavy iron roof-to-floor stanchions .

Gunpowder is still made use of in those quarries where a splitting rather than a shattering action is required .
gunpowder is still made use of in those quarries where a splitting rather than a shattering action is [] .

To pump it out a new water-wheel was required , suggesting that the old Bonsor East Shaft wheel was too far decayed to repair , or missing altogether .
to pump it out a new water-wheel was [] , suggesting that the old bonsor east shaft wheel was too far decayed to repair , or missing altogether .

The Tutworker could have a reasonable income which was more or less guaranteed ; the Tributer was more in a position of winning or losing ; the Day Workers , with the lowest wages , were only hired as required but even so were better off than the local farm labourer ; bearing in mind that the mine was not a particularly unhealthy one .
the tutworker could have a reasonable income which was more or less guaranteed ; the tributer was more in a position of winning or losing ; the day workers , with the lowest wages , were only hired as [] but even so were better off than the local farm labourer ; bearing in mind that the mine was not a particularly unhealthy one .

They would be unable at times to concentrate or even to stay awake , It is very noticeable that Barratt required `` as far as possible `` the attendance of the children at school during the winter `` when they are unemployed `` .
they would be unable at times to concentrate or even to stay awake , it is very noticeable that barratt [] `` as far as possible `` the attendance of the children at school during the winter `` when they are unemployed `` .

The dressing staff was taken on `` as required `` and a good worker , lad or lass , was more likely to be given regular work .
the dressing staff was taken on `` as [] `` and a good worker , lad or lass , was more likely to be given regular work .

The Braithwaites , Joseph and Daniel , were employed on a regular basis as masons and did a great deal of work , not only on the mine , but off it , such as at Cat Bank where a large amount of walling was required apart from the actual building .
the braithwaites , joseph and daniel , were employed on a regular basis as masons and did a great deal of work , not only on the mine , but off it , such as at cat bank where a large amount of walling was [] apart from the actual building .

In these circumstances , it is required that information about preferred reproductive patterns and the regulation of births should be provided to all who share in the decision-making processes .
in these circumstances , it is [] that information about preferred reproductive patterns and the regulation of births should be provided to all who share in the decision-making processes .

Term used when a whole word or sentence is required in large , or capital , letters .
term used when a whole word or sentence is [] in large , or capital , letters .

Thus , what is required is a special type of description which accounts for all types of differences and equivalents .
thus , what is [] is a special type of description which accounts for all types of differences and equivalents .

Consider the rules required to form the sentence The headlights penetrated the darkness .
consider the rules [] to form the sentence the headlights penetrated the darkness .

With the demand for hop poles declining with the use of wire and stringing in hop gardens and bavins no longer being required in industry , the continuation of this ancient craft is in the fencing industry where the chestnut woods are now used as the source of the raw material for the making of palings , fencing , posts and spiles .
with the demand for hop poles declining with the use of wire and stringing in hop gardens and bavins no longer being [] in industry , the continuation of this ancient craft is in the fencing industry where the chestnut woods are now used as the source of the raw material for the making of palings , fencing , posts and spiles .

Clearly much more work is required on the development of techniques to observe the user during the search activity in order to make the necessary assessments .
clearly much more work is [] on the development of techniques to observe the user during the search activity in order to make the necessary assessments .

Do follow the directions on the tub of formula carefully , only adding the required number of scoops .
do follow the directions on the tub of formula carefully , only adding the [] number of scoops .

Using tokens also works well : parents  earn  tokens for babysitting  say , one an hour  which they can use to  buy  their own babysitter when required .
using tokens also works well : parents  earn  tokens for babysitting  say , one an hour  which they can use to  buy  their own babysitter when [] .

You have to decide whether the main purpose of the data in question is for linguistic analysis , in which case you probably want a phonemic transcription ; whereas if the min purpose is for use by the local community it is clearly an orthographic transcription that is required .
you have to decide whether the main purpose of the data in question is for linguistic analysis , in which case you probably want a phonemic transcription ; whereas if the min purpose is for use by the local community it is clearly an orthographic transcription that is [] .

For each sound , think of the disposition of the organs of articulation required to make it , i.e .
for each sound , think of the disposition of the organs of articulation [] to make it , i.e .

An example from German would be : Because two ( or more ) changes are involved , something more than a simple substitution drill is required for mastering these features .
an example from german would be : because two ( or more ) changes are involved , something more than a simple substitution drill is [] for mastering these features .

You may be confronted with some grammar book from which you are required to learn the language , and you must be able to tell whether it is a good one or not .
you may be confronted with some grammar book from which you are [] to learn the language , and you must be able to tell whether it is a good one or not .

In a number of instances reminders were required ( both written and by telephone ) .
in a number of instances reminders were [] ( both written and by telephone ) .

It should be flexible : not in terms of changing.to meet the inputs but in terms of being broad enough to channel different inputs in the required direction .
it should be flexible : not in terms of changing.to meet the inputs but in terms of being broad enough to channel different inputs in the [] direction .

How much effort should be required to make something work ?
how much effort should be [] to make something work ?

All that is required is the `` go `` signal .
all that is [] is the `` go `` signal .

The making of a `` no `` decision is a positive rejection based  hopefully  on as much information as might be required for a `` yes `` decision .
the making of a `` no `` decision is a positive rejection based  hopefully  on as much information as might be [] for a `` yes `` decision .

In each of the drawings up to this point no particular effort has been required of the decision maker ( except , perhaps , in the positive `` no `` decision ) .
in each of the drawings up to this point no particular effort has been [] of the decision maker ( except , perhaps , in the positive `` no `` decision ) .

The motivation of the person required to make the decision is likely to be totally different from that of the person offering the decision  yet too often the presenter of the decision imagines it to be the same .
the motivation of the person [] to make the decision is likely to be totally different from that of the person offering the decision  yet too often the presenter of the decision imagines it to be the same .

In the instance illustrated here the type of action required is known arid what is required is to find a way of entering upon that action .
in the instance illustrated here the type of action [] is known arid what is [] is to find a way of entering upon that action .

In the drawing used here the effortless decision has been chosen in preference to the one that required a little more effort .
in the drawing used here the effortless decision has been chosen in preference to the one that [] a little more effort .

The suggestion is that the error is not in the aim but in the energy required .
the suggestion is that the error is not in the aim but in the energy [] .

The pupil knows that all the information required has been given to him .
the pupil knows that all the information [] has been given to him .

They should be designed to add skills to the person taking the training even if some of those skills are broader than those actually required for the task .
they should be designed to add skills to the person taking the training even if some of those skills are broader than those actually [] for the task .

The required action is broken down into small segments and a reward is given when the next segment of action is correctly performed  even if this is done by chance .
the [] action is broken down into small segments and a reward is given when the next segment of action is correctly performed  even if this is done by chance .

That the situation may not be anyone 's fault does not mean that no sacrifices are required .
that the situation may not be anyone 's fault does not mean that no sacrifices are [] .

All that is required is that the initial comparison should clearly favour the change-over .
all that is [] is that the initial comparison should clearly favour the change-over .

The philosophy of the assembly line was to break down the work into simple elements that required no special training .
the philosophy of the assembly line was to break down the work into simple elements that [] no special training .

If we are going to use standard units then we need to structure the demand situation in such a way that the required output needs no more than the standard units .
if we are going to use standard units then we need to structure the demand situation in such a way that the [] output needs no more than the standard units .

In the same way , it is possible to move forward in a free-wheeling way , making adjustments as required and recovering from mistakes .
in the same way , it is possible to move forward in a free-wheeling way , making adjustments as [] and recovering from mistakes .

It means that energy is required to overcome the friction as well as to move forward .
it means that energy is [] to overcome the friction as well as to move forward .

With consolidation a conclusion of some sort is required .
with consolidation a conclusion of some sort is [] .

The profile of the hole suggests a typical front-end investment where a considerable amount of cash is required at the beginning and then the drain on resources gets progressively less .
the profile of the hole suggests a typical front-end investment where a considerable amount of cash is [] at the beginning and then the drain on resources gets progressively less .

At first the investment required seems finite and a goal can be set .
at first the investment [] seems finite and a goal can be set .

This goal is about to be reached when it is discovered that a great deal more investment is required .
this goal is about to be reached when it is discovered that a great deal more investment is [] .

The investment required to get a small share of a market may not be very large ( in some markets ) but a great deal more investment is then required to increase this market share to the point where it is large enough to support the operation .
the investment [] to get a small share of a market may not be very large ( in some markets ) but a great deal more investment is then [] to increase this market share to the point where it is large enough to support the operation .

We could in fact formulate a priority which required this possibility of modification .
we could in fact formulate a priority which [] this possibility of modification .

Most of the East Anglian ports were enjoying their first spell of prosperity for many years , employment and trade was booming in the area and more customs staff were required at King 's Lynn , Ipswich and Felixstowe , my old home and a natural first choice .
most of the east anglian ports were enjoying their first spell of prosperity for many years , employment and trade was booming in the area and more customs staff were [] at king 's lynn , ipswich and felixstowe , my old home and a natural first choice .

Apart from the catalyst residues referred to above a commercial plastic will contain many additives such as anti-oxidants , colouring agents , plasticizer molecules ( small molecular weight additives which affect the mechanical properties ) as well as components required by the chemist to stop the chain growing .
apart from the catalyst residues referred to above a commercial plastic will contain many additives such as anti-oxidants , colouring agents , plasticizer molecules ( small molecular weight additives which affect the mechanical properties ) as well as components [] by the chemist to stop the chain growing .

The full amount of information contained in the molecular weight distribution is of course not to be described by one or two averages , the complete set of moments being required .
the full amount of information contained in the molecular weight distribution is of course not to be described by one or two averages , the complete set of moments being [] .

Detailed analysis of the local bond structure is required when defects are being considered , such as jogs , folds and kinks in the solid polymer .
detailed analysis of the local bond structure is [] when defects are being considered , such as jogs , folds and kinks in the solid polymer .

In fact , when metals or ceramics are prepared in single-crystal form , even the common materials such as iron , aluminium , alumina and rock salt  to name only a few  are anisotropic and so not adequately described by a single modulus such as Young 's modulus or even the two moduli required for an isotropic material .
in fact , when metals or ceramics are prepared in single-crystal form , even the common materials such as iron , aluminium , alumina and rock salt  to name only a few  are anisotropic and so not adequately described by a single modulus such as young 's modulus or even the two moduli [] for an isotropic material .

Then Hence if the reference element dS lies along the 1-axis it follows that  =  1 and Equation ( 2.5 ) gives the value of  for any other direction ( only one direction cosine l 1 is required since there is axial symmetry in this case ) .
then hence if the reference element ds lies along the 1-axis it follows that  =  1 and equation ( 2.5 ) gives the value of  for any other direction ( only one direction cosine l 1 is [] since there is axial symmetry in this case ) .

Many particles originally at points other than Xj can deform until they reach the point xj , although , of course , the deformation required will differ from the one which carried Xi into xj .
many particles originally at points other than xj can deform until they reach the point xj , although , of course , the deformation [] will differ from the one which carried xi into xj .

In isotropic materials only 2 elastic constants are required .
in isotropic materials only 2 elastic constants are [] .

Very high rates of extensional flow are therefore required in order to extend polymer chains , the criterion for the critical strain meaning that may need to be about .
very high rates of extensional flow are therefore [] in order to extend polymer chains , the criterion for the critical strain meaning that may need to be about .

Approximate methods have been required therefore for any practical use of relaxation theory .
approximate methods have been [] therefore for any practical use of relaxation theory .

The free volume is therefore that extra volume required for larger-scale vibrational motions than those found between consecutive atoms of the same chain .
the free volume is therefore that extra volume [] for larger-scale vibrational motions than those found between consecutive atoms of the same chain .

This required consideration of methods of extrapolating to absolute zero .
this [] consideration of methods of extrapolating to absolute zero .

To date very little practical use has been made of such general relations because of the vast amount of experimental work required to test any but the simplest expansion in two or three terms .
to date very little practical use has been made of such general relations because of the vast amount of experimental work [] to test any but the simplest expansion in two or three terms .

The stress on the primitive chain at time t is found as where is the disengagement time , that is , the time required for chains to disengage completely from surrounding entanglements ( it is the longest relaxation time for a chain ) , c is the number of polymers in unit volume so that cN is the number of chain segments in unit volume , and is a function of the deformation .
the stress on the primitive chain at time t is found as where is the disengagement time , that is , the time [] for chains to disengage completely from surrounding entanglements ( it is the longest relaxation time for a chain ) , c is the number of polymers in unit volume so that cn is the number of chain segments in unit volume , and is a function of the deformation .

For a pure dilatation the corresponding overall stress is given by Again , if we know the as and bs we have the required solution .
for a pure dilatation the corresponding overall stress is given by again , if we know the as and bs we have the [] solution .

The stress s required to return the deformed inclusion to its original shape will be given by  and the equilibrium state of the inclusion after replacement will be with strain  and stress .
the stress s [] to return the deformed inclusion to its original shape will be given by  and the equilibrium state of the inclusion after replacement will be with strain  and stress .

( c ) The matrix could yield at a strain lower than that required for fibril yield .
( c ) the matrix could yield at a strain lower than that [] for fibril yield .

Referred to a new global or overall set of axes ( 1 `` , 2 `` , 3 `` ) we need to perform the required tensor transformation to obtain the reduced constants in the global axes .
referred to a new global or overall set of axes ( 1 `` , 2 `` , 3 `` ) we need to perform the [] tensor transformation to obtain the reduced constants in the global axes .

It can be shown that as far as mechanical properties are concerned , where the elasticity tensor is of fourth rank , no terms higher than are required .
it can be shown that as far as mechanical properties are concerned , where the elasticity tensor is of fourth rank , no terms higher than are [] .

As long as the specimen has an accessible surface that is greater than about 2 cm in diameter and is unattacked by a suitable coupling liquid , the method will yield all the moduli together with Poisson 's ratio in five minutes plus the time taken to do the required calculations .
as long as the specimen has an accessible surface that is greater than about 2 cm in diameter and is unattacked by a suitable coupling liquid , the method will yield all the moduli together with poisson 's ratio in five minutes plus the time taken to do the [] calculations .

There is a very large body of literature on the above questions and our aim here is to provide the student with some of the basic knowledge required in order to study this literature .
there is a very large body of literature on the above questions and our aim here is to provide the student with some of the basic knowledge [] in order to study this literature .

Coleridge required love , as the final lines of the agonizing The Pains of Sleep remind him .
coleridge [] love , as the final lines of the agonizing the pains of sleep remind him .

Three patients had developed anastomotic disease recurrence and had required a further resection and reanastomosis 814 years before this study .
three patients had developed anastomotic disease recurrence and had [] a further resection and reanastomosis 814 years before this study .

Patients were not included if they had required corticosteroid treatment for active disease after their most recent resection .
patients were not included if they had [] corticosteroid treatment for active disease after their most recent resection .

The advantages of gamma scintigraphy are offset by the fact that patients are required to be static during imaging , whereas it has been shown that it is more reliable to monitor reflux in ambulant patients than patients restricted within a hospital routine .
the advantages of gamma scintigraphy are offset by the fact that patients are [] to be static during imaging , whereas it has been shown that it is more reliable to monitor reflux in ambulant patients than patients restricted within a hospital routine .

The experiments required the gamma detector ( Bionuclear Services Ltd , Cornwall ) to be well shielded from the activity in the stomach while still being able to detect the potentially small amount of refluxed activity in the oesophagus .
the experiments [] the gamma detector ( bionuclear services ltd , cornwall ) to be well shielded from the activity in the stomach while still being able to detect the potentially small amount of refluxed activity in the oesophagus .

We feel therefore that imaging techniques are required in this situation .
we feel therefore that imaging techniques are [] in this situation .

Further study , using larger numbers is required to compare the relative sensitivity of secretion and synthesis measurements .
further study , using larger numbers is [] to compare the relative sensitivity of secretion and synthesis measurements .

Positioning was validated fluoroscopically in six subjects , with no adjustment of tube required , and fluoroscopy was therefore not considered essential in subsequent subjects .
positioning was validated fluoroscopically in six subjects , with no adjustment of tube [] , and fluoroscopy was therefore not considered essential in subsequent subjects .

Studies were therefore required to exclude a major effect of pH on measurements of amylase .
studies were therefore [] to exclude a major effect of ph on measurements of amylase .

The severity of the bleeding in the referred patients was similar to that in younger patients ; at least 20 % required balloon tamponade in order to control active bleeding at the time of initial endoscopy .
the severity of the bleeding in the referred patients was similar to that in younger patients ; at least 20 % [] balloon tamponade in order to control active bleeding at the time of initial endoscopy .

Duration of follow up After the present study was designed , longterm studies using actuarial analysis were published , which showed that a longer follow up period than two years was required to establish reliable recurrence data .
duration of follow up after the present study was designed , longterm studies using actuarial analysis were published , which showed that a longer follow up period than two years was [] to establish reliable recurrence data .

The incidence in the 1960s , however , might have been underestimated as endoscopic biopsy was not available and this study required histological verification rather than a radiological diagnosis .
the incidence in the 1960s , however , might have been underestimated as endoscopic biopsy was not available and this study [] histological verification rather than a radiological diagnosis .

Although caution is required in retrospective interpretation , similar trends have been reported from Denmark and Boston but not in all studies .
although caution is [] in retrospective interpretation , similar trends have been reported from denmark and boston but not in all studies .

Endoscopic and radiological methods of assessment are invasive , need bowel preparation and are not suitable for all patients , particularly when repeated examinations are required .
endoscopic and radiological methods of assessment are invasive , need bowel preparation and are not suitable for all patients , particularly when repeated examinations are [] .

Ductal cannulation was rated as  easy  if cannulation could be achieved immediately , and as  difficult  if it required repeated attempts leading to obvious trauma to the papilla .
ductal cannulation was rated as  easy  if cannulation could be achieved immediately , and as  difficult  if it [] repeated attempts leading to obvious trauma to the papilla .

More practical and less theoretical was required .
more practical and less theoretical was [] .

There were two committees for which ballots were required , which were the National Examinations Board of Embalmers and the National Education Committee .
there were two committees for which ballots were [] , which were the national examinations board of embalmers and the national education committee .

stated that Institute Rules required a minimum of ten members to combine to write to National Council via National Office requesting the authority to form a North American Division .
stated that institute rules [] a minimum of ten members to combine to write to national council via national office requesting the authority to form a north american division .

It is advised that , if the gas should exceed the recommended maximum ( 2 ppm ) level , action is required immediately before any further embalming takes place .
it is advised that , if the gas should exceed the recommended maximum ( 2 ppm ) level , action is [] immediately before any further embalming takes place .

Embalmers are advised of the protective clothing required both for handling the chemicals and the deceased persons themselves .
embalmers are advised of the protective clothing [] both for handling the chemicals and the deceased persons themselves .

The clothes can be manufactured cheaply due to the lack of finishing required  they do not need zips or lining , for example , although some items require stain-proof fabrics .
the clothes can be manufactured cheaply due to the lack of finishing []  they do not need zips or lining , for example , although some items require stain-proof fabrics .

The completed application form and required fees must be forwarded to the Foundation Test Secretary at least three weeks prior to the test date .
the completed application form and [] fees must be forwarded to the foundation test secretary at least three weeks prior to the test date .

The two patients who withdrew ( numbers 6 and 13 ) felt they could no longer cope with the programme of evaluations of gastrointestinal function required in the protocol .
the two patients who withdrew ( numbers 6 and 13 ) felt they could no longer cope with the programme of evaluations of gastrointestinal function [] in the protocol .

The double stapling technique was never applicable in these cases because of the widely dilated and thick walled anus ; hence a hand sewn ileoanal anastomosis was required .
the double stapling technique was never applicable in these cases because of the widely dilated and thick walled anus ; hence a hand sewn ileoanal anastomosis was [] .

In 14 patients operative intervention was necessary for relief of obstruction and in six of these 10 to 50 cm of small bowel required resection , either because of operative damage ( n=3 ) or infarction from the obstruction ( n=3 ) .
in 14 patients operative intervention was necessary for relief of obstruction and in six of these 10 to 50 cm of small bowel [] resection , either because of operative damage ( n=3 ) or infarction from the obstruction ( n=3 ) .

In some patients the small bowel has required resection for relieft of obstruction due to infarction or iatrogenic damage .
in some patients the small bowel has [] resection for relieft of obstruction due to infarction or iatrogenic damage .

Nevertheless the absence of recurrence during long term follow up will be required to exclude underlying idiopathic inflammatory bowel disease .
nevertheless the absence of recurrence during long term follow up will be [] to exclude underlying idiopathic inflammatory bowel disease .

It is also accepted that the presence of risk factors may affect the length of treatment required to effect healing but the optimal duration of treatment in the presence of specific risk factors has never been investigated .
it is also accepted that the presence of risk factors may affect the length of treatment [] to effect healing but the optimal duration of treatment in the presence of specific risk factors has never been investigated .

Patients were deemed to have had prior slow healing if any previous ulcer had required a repeat course of treatment to effect healing .
patients were deemed to have had prior slow healing if any previous ulcer had [] a repeat course of treatment to effect healing .

We measured circulating gastrin to determine the concentrations of gastrin required to produce half maximal acid secretion .
we measured circulating gastrin to determine the concentrations of gastrin [] to produce half maximal acid secretion .

To establish one enema as clearly superior would have required many more patients .
to establish one enema as clearly superior would have [] many more patients .

Our aim was to limit any potential toxicity from absorption and allow the possibility of doubling the dose with enemas twice daily should this be required in clinical use .
our aim was to limit any potential toxicity from absorption and allow the possibility of doubling the dose with enemas twice daily should this be [] in clinical use .

Eight patients have required emergency surgery coinciding with the unrestricted reintroduction of food after remission induced by diet .
eight patients have [] emergency surgery coinciding with the unrestricted reintroduction of food after remission induced by diet .

As a result of this study full colonic assessment seemed to be required in patients with iron deficiency anaemia regardless of the findings of upper gastrointestinal investigations .
as a result of this study full colonic assessment seemed to be [] in patients with iron deficiency anaemia regardless of the findings of upper gastrointestinal investigations .

On this basis to achieve a significant result at the 5 % value with a power of 90 % 400 patients would be required .
on this basis to achieve a significant result at the 5 % value with a power of 90 % 400 patients would be [] .

The purpose of this article is to evaluate is a pure alcohol injection is required after an epinephrine injection to arrest peptic ulcer haemorrhage .
the purpose of this article is to evaluate is a pure alcohol injection is [] after an epinephrine injection to arrest peptic ulcer haemorrhage .

The laxative dose required to treat constipation in the young child is much higher than the suggested doses on the label .
the laxative dose [] to treat constipation in the young child is much higher than the suggested doses on the label .

Essential metal ions are required in the gut not only for nutrition but also for the integrity of the mucosa ; zinc , for instance , can facilitate the healing of gastric ulcers .
essential metal ions are [] in the gut not only for nutrition but also for the integrity of the mucosa ; zinc , for instance , can facilitate the healing of gastric ulcers .

It would therefore appear that in determining the dose of adsorbent required , it is necessary to take into account the size of the intestinal endotoxin pool , the extent of dysfunction of the gut mucosal barrier and the adsorptive capacity of the agent .
it would therefore appear that in determining the dose of adsorbent [] , it is necessary to take into account the size of the intestinal endotoxin pool , the extent of dysfunction of the gut mucosal barrier and the adsorptive capacity of the agent .

Stringent  aseptic  technique is required , with the universal use of gloves and clean equipment .
stringent  aseptic  technique is [] , with the universal use of gloves and clean equipment .

Measurement of protein synthesis in individual tissues is therefore advantageous when further investigating these abnormalities in protein metabolism , but in the past this has usually required animal studies .
measurement of protein synthesis in individual tissues is therefore advantageous when further investigating these abnormalities in protein metabolism , but in the past this has usually [] animal studies .

The relative contributions of the hepatocytes and cells of the reticuloendothelial cells to the increased rate of liver biopsy protein synthesis remains unknown , and further studies will be required to clarify this .
the relative contributions of the hepatocytes and cells of the reticuloendothelial cells to the increased rate of liver biopsy protein synthesis remains unknown , and further studies will be [] to clarify this .

Two patients developed an acute psychosis : the first , who had just finished therapy , required intensive psychiatric care for two weeks ; the second , who had been treated with interferon for three weeks , fell and fractured the acetabulum .
two patients developed an acute psychosis : the first , who had just finished therapy , [] intensive psychiatric care for two weeks ; the second , who had been treated with interferon for three weeks , fell and fractured the acetabulum .

The unconjugated fractions were dried on a rotary evaporator and taken up in methanol as required .
the unconjugated fractions were dried on a rotary evaporator and taken up in methanol as [] .

In the control group , 18 % of patients required intervention varying from verbal encouragement to breathe , to the administration of oxygen .
in the control group , 18 % of patients [] intervention varying from verbal encouragement to breathe , to the administration of oxygen .

This woman aged 30 years presented in 1990 with an ileocolic intussusception which required a limited right hemicolectomy .
this woman aged 30 years presented in 1990 with an ileocolic intussusception which [] a limited right hemicolectomy .

These findings indicate that nociceptive neurones control mechanisms of defence against acute injury but are not required for rapid repair of injured mucosa .
these findings indicate that nociceptive neurones control mechanisms of defence against acute injury but are not [] for rapid repair of injured mucosa .

In the period 197781 , reimbursement of the drug required an individual application from the physician in charge of the patient to the National Board of Health .
in the period 197781 , reimbursement of the drug [] an individual application from the physician in charge of the patient to the national board of health .

This meant that reimbursement again required an individual application to the National Board of Health .
this meant that reimbursement again [] an individual application to the national board of health .

The degree of portasystemic shunting in cirrhosis has also been examined by scintigraphy , however per rectal administration of the radionuclide is required .
the degree of portasystemic shunting in cirrhosis has also been examined by scintigraphy , however per rectal administration of the radionuclide is [] .

The severity of the bleeding is manifested by the number of blood units required ( average 6.6 units , minimum 2 ; maximum 26 units ) .
the severity of the bleeding is manifested by the number of blood units [] ( average 6.6 units , minimum 2 ; maximum 26 units ) .

For this reason , close monitoring of these patients is required , with stent replacement when necessary .
for this reason , close monitoring of these patients is [] , with stent replacement when necessary .

Two of our 20 patients required further biliary drainage .
two of our 20 patients [] further biliary drainage .

The test took about 10 minutes to complete and counting the dots on the photo required 10 to 20 minutes .
the test took about 10 minutes to complete and counting the dots on the photo [] 10 to 20 minutes .

Meetings of the Non-Executive Committee take place as required with Sir David Plastow in the Chair .
meetings of the non-executive committee take place as [] with sir david plastow in the chair .

In the presence of the risk-free asset the market portfolio may be identified and diversification was reduced to a process of investment in the market portfolio and the risk-free assets to derive the required risk return attributes .
in the presence of the risk-free asset the market portfolio may be identified and diversification was reduced to a process of investment in the market portfolio and the risk-free assets to derive the [] risk return attributes .

If this year 's dividend was 10p and the shareholders ' required rate of return is 10 per cent , what is the present value of the share ?
if this year 's dividend was 10p and the shareholders ' [] rate of return is 10 per cent , what is the present value of the share ?

It may be defined as follows , where rf and r i are the risk-free rate of return and the required rate of return for the security ( for example , determined by Eq .
it may be defined as follows , where rf and r i are the risk-free rate of return and the [] rate of return for the security ( for example , determined by eq .

Thus if the required rate of return for a security is 19 per cent and the risk-free rate is 12 per cent then the certainty equivalent is equal to ( 1.12/1.19 ) =0.9412 .
thus if the [] rate of return for a security is 19 per cent and the risk-free rate is 12 per cent then the certainty equivalent is equal to ( 1.12/1.19 ) =0.9412 .

The effects of the capital mix on share prices and equity required rates of return may be seen from the examples presented in Table 8.2 .
the effects of the capital mix on share prices and equity [] rates of return may be seen from the examples presented in table 8.2 .

It is noticeable that in all 3 cases presented in Table 8.2 , the share price declines as the required rate of return increases .
it is noticeable that in all 3 cases presented in table 8.2 , the share price declines as the [] rate of return increases .

The adviser then spoke to the whole department , pointing out to them that ,  the appraisal is a thing we as advisers are required to do .
the adviser then spoke to the whole department , pointing out to them that ,  the appraisal is a thing we as advisers are [] to do .

This did not take place , however , because schools would be required to go through the process at different times and such training would probably be of limited value for schools which were not to undertake an appraisal for some time .
this did not take place , however , because schools would be [] to go through the process at different times and such training would probably be of limited value for schools which were not to undertake an appraisal for some time .

Not only were heads of department required to produce departmental appraisals but other staff had to contribute towards pastoral and other sections of the report .
not only were heads of department [] to produce departmental appraisals but other staff had to contribute towards pastoral and other sections of the report .

Since a very large amount of material was required on staffing , syllabuses and in some cases resources , it was easy for reports to end up a pure description of a department 's programme . One teacher believed that the guidelines themselves demanded too much information of a descriptive kind :
since a very large amount of material was [] on staffing , syllabuses and in some cases resources , it was easy for reports to end up a pure description of a department 's programme . one teacher believed that the guidelines themselves demanded too much information of a descriptive kind :

Withdrawal of support for activities not contractually required meant that some changes which teachers had been willing to make had not yet been realized .
withdrawal of support for activities not contractually [] meant that some changes which teachers had been willing to make had not yet been realized .

For many teachers the self-appraisal failed to be a major event , either because they were not required to participate in any review activities or because they were unable or unwilling to devote much time to it .
for many teachers the self-appraisal failed to be a major event , either because they were not [] to participate in any review activities or because they were unable or unwilling to devote much time to it .

However , most of the criteria required the observers to make subjective judgments , for example :
however , most of the criteria [] the observers to make subjective judgments , for example :

how well had they understood what was required by the review , how adequate was their guidance , how much preliminary discussion there had been and how competent they had felt to conduct a review ;
how well had they understood what was [] by the review , how adequate was their guidance , how much preliminary discussion there had been and how competent they had felt to conduct a review ;

The majority ( 76 per cent ) claim to have understood what was required of them well or very well , and that the introduction of the scheme in their school had been fairly to very adequate , ( 78 per cent ) .
the majority ( 76 per cent ) claim to have understood what was [] of them well or very well , and that the introduction of the scheme in their school had been fairly to very adequate , ( 78 per cent ) .

Men teachers claim to understand what was required for the review slightly better than women , to experience slightly more preliminary discussion about the review and to take more part in staff questionnaires as a review strategy .
men teachers claim to understand what was [] for the review slightly better than women , to experience slightly more preliminary discussion about the review and to take more part in staff questionnaires as a review strategy .

the extent of teachers ' understanding of what is required by the scheme and their feelings of competence to meet these requirements . The better they understand , the more competent they feel , the less they feel threatened ;
the extent of teachers ' understanding of what is [] by the scheme and their feelings of competence to meet these requirements . the better they understand , the more competent they feel , the less they feel threatened ;

As another example , if we know the spot yields , then we can calculate the coupon required on a new bond if it is to be issued at par using .
as another example , if we know the spot yields , then we can calculate the coupon [] on a new bond if it is to be issued at par using .

The required yield on a bond will have loadings for all these kinds of risk , and the greater the risk , the greater the risk loading .
the [] yield on a bond will have loadings for all these kinds of risk , and the greater the risk , the greater the risk loading .

This shows that , in equilibrium , the required or expected rate of return is equal to the dividend yield plus the growth rate ( i.e .
this shows that , in equilibrium , the [] or expected rate of return is equal to the dividend yield plus the growth rate ( i.e .

We will consider four different firms in the same risk class and therefore having the same required discount rate ( r = 15% ) , and the same initial dividend and earnings ( d o = 1 , y o = 2 ) , but with four different growth assumptions :
we will consider four different firms in the same risk class and therefore having the same [] discount rate ( r = 15% ) , and the same initial dividend and earnings ( d o = 1 , y o = 2 ) , but with four different growth assumptions :

Its required return on equity capital is 15 per cent .
its [] return on equity capital is 15 per cent .

Thus the implied futures rate ( rf ) is In this case we get as required .
thus the implied futures rate ( rf ) is in this case we get as [] .

In this case the implied futures rate is so that again as required .
in this case the implied futures rate is so that again as [] .

This is the money required to make up the difference between what the company can pay and what it owes at any one time or , in accounts department terms , net current assets minus current liabilities .
this is the money [] to make up the difference between what the company can pay and what it owes at any one time or , in accounts department terms , net current assets minus current liabilities .

The second-level decision required is whether or not to authorize further research or to abandon the project at decision node 2b .
the second-level decision [] is whether or not to authorize further research or to abandon the project at decision node 2b .

They specify locations and sizes of holes , with their respective tolerances and the finishes required .
they specify locations and sizes of holes , with their respective tolerances and the finishes [] .

The operation process chart is a summary of all required operations and inspections : it is a general plan for manufacture .
the operation process chart is a summary of all [] operations and inspections : it is a general plan for manufacture .

The remainder of the assembly will not now be required to tolerate as much dimensional variation in the first item , reducing the design difficulty and assembly costs .
the remainder of the assembly will not now be [] to tolerate as much dimensional variation in the first item , reducing the design difficulty and assembly costs .

Figure 7.8 illustrates the principles of statistical quality control leading to the most economic inspection technique for the degree of control required .
figure 7.8 illustrates the principles of statistical quality control leading to the most economic inspection technique for the degree of control [] .

As more is learned about its capabilities and applications , partly from user experience , design changes are required to exploit the findings and cater for individual user needs .
as more is learned about its capabilities and applications , partly from user experience , design changes are [] to exploit the findings and cater for individual user needs .

High supervision level would be required .
high supervision level would be [] .

Representatives of other functions such as marketing , finance , materials management , servicing and quality assurance are co-opted as required to deal with specific problems .
representatives of other functions such as marketing , finance , materials management , servicing and quality assurance are co-opted as [] to deal with specific problems .

The contractor responds to this and obtains the  Conditions of Tender  , a written specification of the form in which the tender must be submitted and any special undertakings required from the contractor before he is regarded as qualified to tender .
the contractor responds to this and obtains the  conditions of tender  , a written specification of the form in which the tender must be submitted and any special undertakings [] from the contractor before he is regarded as qualified to tender .

In the second case a manager is appointed with authority , delegated by top management , to control what happens to the project in all functional departments , and to whom functional department managers are required to provide an adequate service .
in the second case a manager is appointed with authority , delegated by top management , to control what happens to the project in all functional departments , and to whom functional department managers are [] to provide an adequate service .

If all the requirements for amplifiers could be examined by one design/development group it would probably be found that , by judicious specifying , two or three separate amplifiers only are required .
if all the requirements for amplifiers could be examined by one design/development group it would probably be found that , by judicious specifying , two or three separate amplifiers only are [] .

Instead of leading to a write-up , the reference can lead to another matrix , expanding the single column in the first , and so on to any degree of detail required .
instead of leading to a write-up , the reference can lead to another matrix , expanding the single column in the first , and so on to any degree of detail [] .

The small snag is that it costs considerably more than the purchase price to buy a licence to use them and a licence is required for each computer .
the small snag is that it costs considerably more than the purchase price to buy a licence to use them and a licence is [] for each computer .

If Tanzania 's ban fails to secure the required two-thirds majority , the Cites secretariat is ready to propose a range of measures to tighten control on the trade .
if tanzania 's ban fails to secure the [] two-thirds majority , the cites secretariat is ready to propose a range of measures to tighten control on the trade .

Apart from some of the traditional Anglo-Welsh fixtures , such as Harlequins v Llanelli at Twickenham ( played this year at Stradey Park ) , the calendar contained little that was required watching .
apart from some of the traditional anglo-welsh fixtures , such as harlequins v llanelli at twickenham ( played this year at stradey park ) , the calendar contained little that was [] watching .

If this explained Mason 's reluctance to pressure Biggs in the middle rounds , thereby allowing the American to pepper him with jabs , it can not obscure the possibility that the British heavyweight will always experience difficulty if required to take on a long contest .
if this explained mason 's reluctance to pressure biggs in the middle rounds , thereby allowing the american to pepper him with jabs , it can not obscure the possibility that the british heavyweight will always experience difficulty if [] to take on a long contest .

( Of Pontius Pilate :  The steps he took to still a particular local clamour were more or less what the service required , and he washed his hands with a civilised regret .
( of pontius pilate :  the steps he took to still a particular local clamour were more or less what the service [] , and he washed his hands with a civilised regret .

It will enable the telephone to take messages , storing them at the exchange for  reading back  when required .
it will enable the telephone to take messages , storing them at the exchange for  reading back  when [] .

The local authority decided that it would not be possible to rehabilitate the child with her natural parents and that her welfare required that her future lay elsewhere .
the local authority decided that it would not be possible to rehabilitate the child with her natural parents and that her welfare [] that her future lay elsewhere .

The judge held that the child 's welfare required that she be adopted by the foster parents with whom she had lived for three of her five years , and that the parents were withholding agreement unreasonably .
the judge held that the child 's welfare [] that she be adopted by the foster parents with whom she had lived for three of her five years , and that the parents were withholding agreement unreasonably .

Under the Caravan Sites Act of 1968 all local authorities are required to find sites for gypsies  residing in or resorting to  their own area .
under the caravan sites act of 1968 all local authorities are [] to find sites for gypsies  residing in or resorting to  their own area .

To give the farcical complications a kick-start , Poiret asks us to believe that a man , finding himself in this predicament , would try to pass the bimbo off as his daughter from a former marriage , and that the girl , required to account for her surprise visit , would blurt out that she was pregnant .
to give the farcical complications a kick-start , poiret asks us to believe that a man , finding himself in this predicament , would try to pass the bimbo off as his daughter from a former marriage , and that the girl , [] to account for her surprise visit , would blurt out that she was pregnant .

To frame this more familiar fare , she presented songs by Enesco and Marx , bringing to them the skill of a dramatic singer without ever overstepping the bounds of intimate communion required by the genre .
to frame this more familiar fare , she presented songs by enesco and marx , bringing to them the skill of a dramatic singer without ever overstepping the bounds of intimate communion [] by the genre .

Sir Geoffrey is also required to examine the basis on which share deals which are carried on outside the Exchange can be handled by the new clearing house .
sir geoffrey is also [] to examine the basis on which share deals which are carried on outside the exchange can be handled by the new clearing house .

The irony is , however , that the economic crisis which might clinch their switch to Labour at the next election  with continuing balance-of-payments problems , punishing interest rates , a sinking pound , inflation and recession  would by definition preclude the heavy public investment required to implement the Kinnock programme .
the irony is , however , that the economic crisis which might clinch their switch to labour at the next election  with continuing balance-of-payments problems , punishing interest rates , a sinking pound , inflation and recession  would by definition preclude the heavy public investment [] to implement the kinnock programme .

As head of this embodiment of pluralism in a one-party state , his job was to ensure the communists got the required 99 per cent vote at elections and to maintain some semblance of a dialogue with people in the grey area between loyalty and opposition .
as head of this embodiment of pluralism in a one-party state , his job was to ensure the communists got the [] 99 per cent vote at elections and to maintain some semblance of a dialogue with people in the grey area between loyalty and opposition .

The 1989 deficit is estimated at $ 161.4bn , well above the $ 136bn target required under the 1987 revision and the $ 72bn target contained in the original legislation .
the 1989 deficit is estimated at $ 161.4bn , well above the $ 136bn target [] under the 1987 revision and the $ 72bn target contained in the original legislation .

Lloyd Isaac , the outstanding reserve hooker to Kevin Phillips , is a longer-term casualty ; a knee injury against Bath last Saturday required surgery and he will not be involved against New Zealand or for two months afterwards .
lloyd isaac , the outstanding reserve hooker to kevin phillips , is a longer-term casualty ; a knee injury against bath last saturday [] surgery and he will not be involved against new zealand or for two months afterwards .

From February 1973 , all Stags were sold with both hood ( which stows neatly in a lidded well behind the back seats ) and hardtop ( which required two pairs of strong arms to manipulate ) .
from february 1973 , all stags were sold with both hood ( which stows neatly in a lidded well behind the back seats ) and hardtop ( which [] two pairs of strong arms to manipulate ) .

In a speech marking the country 's fortieth birthday , which is today , he said East Germany , like all countries , had problems stemming from the reform movement elsewhere in the East bloc and that these difficulties  required thought  .
in a speech marking the country 's fortieth birthday , which is today , he said east germany , like all countries , had problems stemming from the reform movement elsewhere in the east bloc and that these difficulties  [] thought  .

The chromosomes themselves can not be the Mendelian factors , or genes , because far more than 23 kinds of gene are required to account for human differences .
the chromosomes themselves can not be the mendelian factors , or genes , because far more than 23 kinds of gene are [] to account for human differences .

Hence some mechanism is required to control the number of enzyme molecules .
hence some mechanism is [] to control the number of enzyme molecules .

He then was responsible for salting the venison and packing it in barrels , and keeping it safe until required , or sending it wherever the king wanted it .
he then was responsible for salting the venison and packing it in barrels , and keeping it safe until [] , or sending it wherever the king wanted it .

Jurors were required to restate the Forest bounds , for example in the counties of Dorset and Huntingdon , under the baleful eyes of this new team of royal servants .
jurors were [] to restate the forest bounds , for example in the counties of dorset and huntingdon , under the baleful eyes of this new team of royal servants .

Men of the king 's demesnes , as in Rodley in the Forest of Dean , were required to show by what warrant they exercised their rights of common and estovers of dead and dry wood in the forest , and if they could produce none they were required to pay for them .
men of the king 's demesnes , as in rodley in the forest of dean , were [] to show by what warrant they exercised their rights of common and estovers of dead and dry wood in the forest , and if they could produce none they were [] to pay for them .

Also , the wardens of the Forest of Dean , and of the forests between Oxford and Stamford bridges , were required to account directly at the Exchequer for the revenues of their bailiwicks , instead of farming them as had been the previous practice .
also , the wardens of the forest of dean , and of the forests between oxford and stamford bridges , were [] to account directly at the exchequer for the revenues of their bailiwicks , instead of farming them as had been the previous practice .

To this end local juries in Dorset , Hampshire , Surrey and Rutland were required to make sworn statements of the forest bounds in the presence of the King 's judges .
to this end local juries in dorset , hampshire , surrey and rutland were [] to make sworn statements of the forest bounds in the presence of the king 's judges .

Timber was still required in large quantities for the Royal Navy : a warrant was issued in November 1611 , for example , for felling 1,800 oaks in the New Forest and in Shotover , Stowood and Bernwood Forests for this purpose .
timber was still [] in large quantities for the royal navy : a warrant was issued in november 1611 , for example , for felling 1,800 oaks in the new forest and in shotover , stowood and bernwood forests for this purpose .

But an effective policy of conservation and timber production required enclosure of the open forest wastes after felling , to protect the young shoots from grazing deer and cattle , which aroused violent opposition from commoners and  free miners  .
but an effective policy of conservation and timber production [] enclosure of the open forest wastes after felling , to protect the young shoots from grazing deer and cattle , which aroused violent opposition from commoners and  free miners  .

They were to elect , as members of the Committee , four verderers , who were required to be resident in one of the forest parishes .
they were to elect , as members of the committee , four verderers , who were [] to be resident in one of the forest parishes .

The camp guards had allowed the baby six months ' life and then , when Elisabeth was selected for the officers ' brothel and her breasts required for purposes other than those of nourishing a Jewish infant , a non-commissioned officer , having polished his boots , drawn up the mess accounts , written an affectionate note to his wife and son and relieved his bladder , took Elisabeth Danziger 's baby from her arms and dashed out its brains against the stone wall outside his office .
the camp guards had allowed the baby six months ' life and then , when elisabeth was selected for the officers ' brothel and her breasts [] for purposes other than those of nourishing a jewish infant , a non-commissioned officer , having polished his boots , drawn up the mess accounts , written an affectionate note to his wife and son and relieved his bladder , took elisabeth danziger 's baby from her arms and dashed out its brains against the stone wall outside his office .

 If a man had a  call  to a chapel he could become a minister without any denominational approval and with no educational qualifications required .
 if a man had a  call  to a chapel he could become a minister without any denominational approval and with no educational qualifications [] .

By the time of Copernicus , in the fifteenth century , the interaction of 77 mathematical circles , forming cycloids and ellipses as necessary , was required to account for the apparent motion of the Sun , Moon and five planets about the Earth .
by the time of copernicus , in the fifteenth century , the interaction of 77 mathematical circles , forming cycloids and ellipses as necessary , was [] to account for the apparent motion of the sun , moon and five planets about the earth .

His calculations , putting the Sun at the centre of a solar system in which the Earth was one of six planets , reduced the number of circles required to 31 .
his calculations , putting the sun at the centre of a solar system in which the earth was one of six planets , reduced the number of circles [] to 31 .

Influenced by Czanne , early Cubists such as Picasso and Braque recognised a continuity of space and found that initially this required a rejection of the continuity of line associated with Art Nouveau .
influenced by czanne , early cubists such as picasso and braque recognised a continuity of space and found that initially this [] a rejection of the continuity of line associated with art nouveau .

The penetration of total space required fragmentation of the object and its environment and the adoption of superimposed multiviews , translucency and transparency .
the penetration of total space [] fragmentation of the object and its environment and the adoption of superimposed multiviews , translucency and transparency .

In architecture , the worm 's eye view is rarely required .
in architecture , the worm 's eye view is rarely [] .

The space of the hall would be defined by an electron cloud : the volume required for one or more electrons to revolve about the nucleus at high speed .
the space of the hall would be defined by an electron cloud : the volume [] for one or more electrons to revolve about the nucleus at high speed .

Similar principles apply to all vehicles that are required to travel in a straight line .
similar principles apply to all vehicles that are [] to travel in a straight line .

The idea that a design should fulfil required functions to maximum efficiency , unprejudiced by past practice , opinion or fashion , has achieved massive successes , particularly in the design of multiples and mass production .
the idea that a design should fulfil [] functions to maximum efficiency , unprejudiced by past practice , opinion or fashion , has achieved massive successes , particularly in the design of multiples and mass production .

Although there is considerable value in the notion that Paisley 's political movement always consisted of two elements in tension  rural evangelicals and urban  secular  Protestants  it is also the case that many evangelicals could be quite pragmatic and recognize that the preservation of things which they valued because of their religious beliefs required them to work in alliance with others who wanted the same things for different reasons .
although there is considerable value in the notion that paisley 's political movement always consisted of two elements in tension  rural evangelicals and urban  secular  protestants  it is also the case that many evangelicals could be quite pragmatic and recognize that the preservation of things which they valued because of their religious beliefs [] them to work in alliance with others who wanted the same things for different reasons .

This we may express , indeed , in a few words , but it should influence us throughout all our treatment of horses ; for a horse will more readily take the bit , if , when he has taken it , something pleasant results to himself ; and he will leap across ditches , and jump over obstacles , and comply with our wishes in all other respects , if he looks forward , when he has done what is required of him , to some indulgence .
this we may express , indeed , in a few words , but it should influence us throughout all our treatment of horses ; for a horse will more readily take the bit , if , when he has taken it , something pleasant results to himself ; and he will leap across ditches , and jump over obstacles , and comply with our wishes in all other respects , if he looks forward , when he has done what is [] of him , to some indulgence .

One day , one of the mares cut her leg , and as it required stitching she was separated from the other horses and shut in a stable without more ado .
one day , one of the mares cut her leg , and as it [] stitching she was separated from the other horses and shut in a stable without more ado .

She and her companion lived in a paddock of only a few acres and so required daily feed of grain and hay .
she and her companion lived in a paddock of only a few acres and so [] daily feed of grain and hay .

And you involve by making sure you draw the required visible response from the audience .
and you involve by making sure you draw the [] visible response from the audience .

Pebbles , whose owner had been required to stump up $ 240,000 to supplement her as a late entry , started 115 favourite , with Greinton ( whose gallant run against Teleprompter in the Arlington Million two months earlier is described on pages 967 ) at 135 .
pebbles , whose owner had been [] to stump up $ 240,000 to supplement her as a late entry , started 115 favourite , with greinton ( whose gallant run against teleprompter in the arlington million two months earlier is described on pages 967 ) at 135 .

All that Mrs Browning required of her , surely , was that she should be docile and self-contained and grateful .
all that mrs browning [] of her , surely , was that she should be docile and self-contained and grateful .

At a very early stage the apostle Paul was confronted by opposed parties , the one contending that the freedom of the Spirit so emancipated them from social convention that they could act as they pleased , especially in sexual indulgence , the other with more plausibility holding that the life of the Spirit required renunciation of marriage .
at a very early stage the apostle paul was confronted by opposed parties , the one contending that the freedom of the spirit so emancipated them from social convention that they could act as they pleased , especially in sexual indulgence , the other with more plausibility holding that the life of the spirit [] renunciation of marriage .

Montanism , the Easter controversy , and the debate about baptism were all complex issues which required consultation between bishops .
montanism , the easter controversy , and the debate about baptism were all complex issues which [] consultation between bishops .

What was a Roman proconsul to do with a Christian who explained that he paid his taxes not in the least because the emperor 's laws and edicts required that , but because it was the command of the Lord ?
what was a roman proconsul to do with a christian who explained that he paid his taxes not in the least because the emperor 's laws and edicts [] that , but because it was the command of the lord ?

The question was whether , when a pagan government forbade Christian meetings for worship and required the surrender of Bibles and vessels and vestments , any kind of compromise was morally possible .
the question was whether , when a pagan government forbade christian meetings for worship and [] the surrender of bibles and vessels and vestments , any kind of compromise was morally possible .

In 303 a Christian named Copres from the Nile valley , engaged in a lawsuit over property , went to Alexandria to present his case and was disconcerted to discover that he would be required to participate in some act of idolatry , such as a sacrifice or an oath by the emperor 's genius , as a condition of litigation .
in 303 a christian named copres from the nile valley , engaged in a lawsuit over property , went to alexandria to present his case and was disconcerted to discover that he would be [] to participate in some act of idolatry , such as a sacrifice or an oath by the emperor 's genius , as a condition of litigation .

He explained that the Lord required a strict use of wealth for the service of God , but did not condemn mere possession .
he explained that the lord [] a strict use of wealth for the service of god , but did not condemn mere possession .

Before about 400 ad it was common for baptism to be deferred until near the end of life because of the formidable nature of the penances and discipline required after the confession of post-baptismal sin .
before about 400 ad it was common for baptism to be deferred until near the end of life because of the formidable nature of the penances and discipline [] after the confession of post-baptismal sin .

The Christianization of early medieval society in depth required constant teaching of Christianity , and that required organization .
the christianization of early medieval society in depth [] constant teaching of christianity , and that [] organization .

Adaptations were required of Christianity ; biblical colours had to be matched to Germanic ones .
adaptations were [] of christianity ; biblical colours had to be matched to germanic ones .

In corners of rural Scotland the lord lieutenant may only be required to turn out four or five times a year , but in densely populated industrial areas like the West Midlands , Charles Ian Finch-Knightley , the eleventh Earl of Aylesford , may be performing several times a month .
in corners of rural scotland the lord lieutenant may only be [] to turn out four or five times a year , but in densely populated industrial areas like the west midlands , charles ian finch-knightley , the eleventh earl of aylesford , may be performing several times a month .

In the second exercise , in which groups are required to come up with ideas about how to improve education , force of personality ensures that she is elected as chairman , in which capacity she proposes new local authorities to supervise the schools ,  from which councillors would be banned .
in the second exercise , in which groups are [] to come up with ideas about how to improve education , force of personality ensures that she is elected as chairman , in which capacity she proposes new local authorities to supervise the schools ,  from which councillors would be banned .

 Other peers in the paternalist tradition , led by the former knight of the shires , Lord Chelwood ( the much-parodied Sir Tufton Beamish ) , planned an amendment which would have required the tax to be related to ability to pay .
 other peers in the paternalist tradition , led by the former knight of the shires , lord chelwood ( the much-parodied sir tufton beamish ) , planned an amendment which would have [] the tax to be related to ability to pay .

This is still only about one eighth of the number of people required to fill public appointments of one kind or another .
this is still only about one eighth of the number of people [] to fill public appointments of one kind or another .

If your food and drink supplies you with exactly enough fuel to maintain your body 's activities ( the energy required to keep the vital functions going , and also for muscular work ) then you will stay at a constant weight .
if your food and drink supplies you with exactly enough fuel to maintain your body 's activities ( the energy [] to keep the vital functions going , and also for muscular work ) then you will stay at a constant weight .

The public hearings in the spring and summer of 1987 were , of course , stern stuff : the required full-scale inquisition and explanation .
the public hearings in the spring and summer of 1987 were , of course , stern stuff : the [] full-scale inquisition and explanation .

In effect , the revolution in the oases required continual persuasion and minute knowledge of individuals .
in effect , the revolution in the oases [] continual persuasion and minute knowledge of individuals .

At first sight it is absurd to propose that Islamic socialization of the economy required the nihil obstat of everyone 's mother-in-law .
at first sight it is absurd to propose that islamic socialization of the economy [] the nihil obstat of everyone 's mother-in-law .

Speakers required a certain formality and elaboration , even explicitness , if the audience were to seize a point .
speakers [] a certain formality and elaboration , even explicitness , if the audience were to seize a point .

The number of peoples in the world who knew of these advantages and nevertheless persisted in rejecting them were few : to do so required a tenacity of purpose , an indifference to wealth and comfort which were not given to many .
the number of peoples in the world who knew of these advantages and nevertheless persisted in rejecting them were few : to do so [] a tenacity of purpose , an indifference to wealth and comfort which were not given to many .

This was no accidental condition , following wholly from some alleged natural benightedness of the backdunes , but one which required constant vigilance and determination .
this was no accidental condition , following wholly from some alleged natural benightedness of the backdunes , but one which [] constant vigilance and determination .

Moreover , to maintain a tribe in being has always required acts of will , occasionally of violence , and to think of tribes as in some sense natural phenomena , inert until a civilizing , modernizing process is forced upon them , is to succumb to ideology .
moreover , to maintain a tribe in being has always [] acts of will , occasionally of violence , and to think of tribes as in some sense natural phenomena , inert until a civilizing , modernizing process is forced upon them , is to succumb to ideology .

 Another required part of the explanation is the institutions Qaddafi introduced to eliminate representation .
 another [] part of the explanation is the institutions qaddafi introduced to eliminate representation .

  Controlled conditions are required .
  controlled conditions are [] .

Although it required official sanction to perform intersexing , Roirbak doubted whether Jahsaxa was careless enough not to have seen to that .
although it [] official sanction to perform intersexing , roirbak doubted whether jahsaxa was careless enough not to have seen to that .

She sat on the hard hall-stool beside the telephone , safe in the semi-darkness and waited for Dorothea and her friend Florence Ames who was a nurse , someone who would recognise her condition instantly , who would be on hand should emergency treatment be required , who was trained and capable .
she sat on the hard hall-stool beside the telephone , safe in the semi-darkness and waited for dorothea and her friend florence ames who was a nurse , someone who would recognise her condition instantly , who would be on hand should emergency treatment be [] , who was trained and capable .

Groups or pairs of ladies , often sisters or cousins , ran hotels of the kind she required and they understood the necessity for quietness and a late-night pot of tea , for Egyptian cotton sheets and a hot water bottle and plenty of cushions , for sufficient pastries at the tea table and permission to have one 's own wireless set in the bedroom .
groups or pairs of ladies , often sisters or cousins , ran hotels of the kind she [] and they understood the necessity for quietness and a late-night pot of tea , for egyptian cotton sheets and a hot water bottle and plenty of cushions , for sufficient pastries at the tea table and permission to have one 's own wireless set in the bedroom .

The maid , Boule  she was originally called Henriette , but Simenon made a habit of re-naming the women in his life  was required to fillet live sardines which Simenon then swallowed raw .
the maid , boule  she was originally called henriette , but simenon made a habit of re-naming the women in his life  was [] to fillet live sardines which simenon then swallowed raw .

 Even so , two cash injections were required from Dufferin to keep the gallery afloat .
 even so , two cash injections were [] from dufferin to keep the gallery afloat .

India was largely cut off for long periods , and its under-developed arms and textile industries were required to supply substantial quantities of ammunition and tents to British forces in the Middle and Far East .
india was largely cut off for long periods , and its under-developed arms and textile industries were [] to supply substantial quantities of ammunition and tents to british forces in the middle and far east .

Chosen services will be put out to franchise , and required standards of  punctuality , reliability and quality  will be laid down .
chosen services will be put out to franchise , and [] standards of  punctuality , reliability and quality  will be laid down .

Prospective owners were required to put down an initial deposit of 50,000 , which seemed fair enough when they had received 1,400 applications and at a time when the prices of exclusive cars were rising to the stratosphere .
prospective owners were [] to put down an initial deposit of 50,000 , which seemed fair enough when they had received 1,400 applications and at a time when the prices of exclusive cars were rising to the stratosphere .

An iron constitution is required for 19 to 34-frame matches .
an iron constitution is [] for 19 to 34-frame matches .

The most rapid increase in illegal workers was among Iranians , who have not , until now , been required to obtain entry visas .
the most rapid increase in illegal workers was among iranians , who have not , until now , been [] to obtain entry visas .

Despite the retuning problems , and the estimated 30 million required to build new transmitters , several major media groups have already expressed interest .
despite the retuning problems , and the estimated 30 million [] to build new transmitters , several major media groups have already expressed interest .

Last came the background  a mirror , a candle and a swathe of yellow wall  for which my presence was not required .
last came the background  a mirror , a candle and a swathe of yellow wall  for which my presence was not [] .

Despite the absence of Giggs , whose precocious talents were required by the senior side in their 10 Rumbelows Cup victory at Wembley on Sunday , the visitors confirmed their pre-match billing as favourites and demonstrated their ominous strength in depth .
despite the absence of giggs , whose precocious talents were [] by the senior side in their 10 rumbelows cup victory at wembley on sunday , the visitors confirmed their pre-match billing as favourites and demonstrated their ominous strength in depth .

But as environmental controls become more severe an oxidation catalyst will be required .
but as environmental controls become more severe an oxidation catalyst will be [] .

The barons have yet to devise a way of providing football without footballers and loyal fans are required to pay admission money , just as law-abiding citizens must pay their taxes .
the barons have yet to devise a way of providing football without footballers and loyal fans are [] to pay admission money , just as law-abiding citizens must pay their taxes .

Theoretically , Conner 's place in the final could have been secured yesterday , but that required Koch allowing his America to lose to his other boat , Kanza .
theoretically , conner 's place in the final could have been secured yesterday , but that [] koch allowing his america to lose to his other boat , kanza .

Neath , who have failed to match last season 's title-winning form , mainly because the younger players have required time to adjust to the First Division , scored three tries during an eight-minute period in the second half .
neath , who have failed to match last season 's title-winning form , mainly because the younger players have [] time to adjust to the first division , scored three tries during an eight-minute period in the second half .

With a 340 lead , top gear was no longer required .
with a 340 lead , top gear was no longer [] .

Unfortunately , a combination of  traffic  problems and overdoing the waiting tactics brought about his downfall , but Glasgow will know more about was is required today and can recover loses .
unfortunately , a combination of  traffic  problems and overdoing the waiting tactics brought about his downfall , but glasgow will know more about was is [] today and can recover loses .

  Direct Build Costs  will vary according to the size and specification of the project and includes the cost of all , labour , materials , plant and equipment required .
  direct build costs  will vary according to the size and specification of the project and includes the cost of all , labour , materials , plant and equipment [] .

Potton can advise on land sales and required planning consent .
potton can advise on land sales and [] planning consent .

Four crews are also competing for places in the Canadian doubles category though none has yet reached the required Olympic qualifying standard .
four crews are also competing for places in the canadian doubles category though none has yet reached the [] olympic qualifying standard .

He had suffered a  very severe head injury and extensive arm injuries  and required eight pints of blood .
he had suffered a  very severe head injury and extensive arm injuries  and [] eight pints of blood .

Considerable skill was required in the making of corduroy , working-class fabric or not .
considerable skill was [] in the making of corduroy , working-class fabric or not .

Coupon not required for repeat orders .
coupon not [] for repeat orders .

the assignment must be absolute , it must be in writing , notice in writing to the debtor is required .
the assignment must be absolute , it must be in writing , notice in writing to the debtor is [] .

the ecclesiastical superior who has the jurisdiction , is required by statute to pay the debts of the intestate , just as the executor ( i.e .
the ecclesiastical superior who has the jurisdiction , is [] by statute to pay the debts of the intestate , just as the executor ( i.e .

the person appointed by the will to carry out the will ) is required to pay them .
the person appointed by the will to carry out the will ) is [] to pay them .

In 1357 he is required by statute to entrust the administration of the property to the near relations of the deceased .
in 1357 he is [] by statute to entrust the administration of the property to the near relations of the deceased .

Contracts for the loan of money and supply of goods to infants and  accounts stated  with infants were made altogether void , while the possibility of ratification was taken away from all those contracts which required ratification to make them binding upon him after attaining full age ; and even a new promise to perform the contract , whether made upon a fresh consideration or not , could not be enforced by action .
contracts for the loan of money and supply of goods to infants and  accounts stated  with infants were made altogether void , while the possibility of ratification was taken away from all those contracts which [] ratification to make them binding upon him after attaining full age ; and even a new promise to perform the contract , whether made upon a fresh consideration or not , could not be enforced by action .

The court must be satisfied that all persons whose consent is required understand the legal effect of the adoption .
the court must be satisfied that all persons whose consent is [] understand the legal effect of the adoption .

Historically there seems to be no doubt that the English Common Law required nothing for the celebration of a marriage beyond the declared agreement of the parties , which might take the form either of a declaration of present intention , or of a promise to marry followed by actual union .
historically there seems to be no doubt that the english common law [] nothing for the celebration of a marriage beyond the declared agreement of the parties , which might take the form either of a declaration of present intention , or of a promise to marry followed by actual union .

The House of Lords , however , in the nineteenth century decided in an Irish case that the Common Law had always required the presence of an ordained clergyman .
the house of lords , however , in the nineteenth century decided in an irish case that the common law had always [] the presence of an ordained clergyman .

For the making of contracts by a corporation the Common Law required a document under the corporation 's common seal , except in matters of trifling importance or daily necessary occurrence .
for the making of contracts by a corporation the common law [] a document under the corporation 's common seal , except in matters of trifling importance or daily necessary occurrence .

Even apart from such exceptions , however , a contract not made in the required form , but completely performed on one side , might be enforced .
even apart from such exceptions , however , a contract not made in the [] form , but completely performed on one side , might be enforced .

It has had a long and complicated history ; but , at the present day , the form required by law for the creation and transfer of estates and interests in land is both uniform and simple .
it has had a long and complicated history ; but , at the present day , the form [] by law for the creation and transfer of estates and interests in land is both uniform and simple .

To achieve this end , a wide and detailed knowledge of fiscal legislation and tax-planning technique is required .
to achieve this end , a wide and detailed knowledge of fiscal legislation and tax-planning technique is [] .

The industrial and commercial expansion of the nineteenth century required land to be available for development .
the industrial and commercial expansion of the nineteenth century [] land to be available for development .

Such interests can not be transferred without writing , and in most cases a deed is required ; in any case the transfer is not complete except by entry in the books of the Bank of England or of the body or company concerned .
such interests can not be transferred without writing , and in most cases a deed is [] ; in any case the transfer is not complete except by entry in the books of the bank of england or of the body or company concerned .

Nonetheless , the Maritime school accept that our forces should be deployed primarily to support the First and Second Pillars , but argue that they must also be given the strategic mobility , equipment , and training to continue Britain 's global role as required by the Third Pillar .
nonetheless , the maritime school accept that our forces should be deployed primarily to support the first and second pillars , but argue that they must also be given the strategic mobility , equipment , and training to continue britain 's global role as [] by the third pillar .

In their view , two things were required to give Britain the prospect of security in the atomic era : first , the atomic bomb itself ; and second , the means of delivering it at strategic ranges .
in their view , two things were [] to give britain the prospect of security in the atomic era : first , the atomic bomb itself ; and second , the means of delivering it at strategic ranges .

Operational Requirements for the V-bombers were issued in 1946 with an in-service date of the mid-1950s , as required by the Government 's Ten-Year Rule .
operational requirements for the v-bombers were issued in 1946 with an in-service date of the mid-1950s , as [] by the government 's ten-year rule .

There 's a gratuitousness of form over content : so much more is done than is  required  for the purposes of communication , so much flaunting and adornment .
there 's a gratuitousness of form over content : so much more is done than is  []  for the purposes of communication , so much flaunting and adornment .

The effects of oil pollution on marine mammals are more severe in colder waters , not only because of the much longer time required for the oil to break down , but also because concentrations of cetaceans and other marine mammals are often larger in polar waters .
the effects of oil pollution on marine mammals are more severe in colder waters , not only because of the much longer time [] for the oil to break down , but also because concentrations of cetaceans and other marine mammals are often larger in polar waters .

Some economists argue , however , that German unification required a real appreciation of the D-mark to help shift resources from its current-account surplus into domestic investment and consumption .
some economists argue , however , that german unification [] a real appreciation of the d-mark to help shift resources from its current-account surplus into domestic investment and consumption .

His first public comment was to say dismissively that it fell  well short of what would be required  The goals have been set out .
his first public comment was to say dismissively that it fell  well short of what would be []  the goals have been set out .

Mr Coase argued that , as a rule , no form of government action is required to deal with externalities or public goods .
mr coase argued that , as a rule , no form of government action is [] to deal with externalities or public goods .

Keep any sliced meat in the refrigerator until it is required .
keep any sliced meat in the refrigerator until it is [] .

Only cut the amount required at one time , otherwise the extra slices will dry out during storage .
only cut the amount [] at one time , otherwise the extra slices will dry out during storage .

If you have a ham stand , all well and good , otherwise invert a large plate and stand the ham on that ; it will raise the meat sufficiently to allow your carving knife to travel as required during slicing .
if you have a ham stand , all well and good , otherwise invert a large plate and stand the ham on that ; it will raise the meat sufficiently to allow your carving knife to travel as [] during slicing .

450g/1 lb/4 cups strong white bread flour 1  5 ml/tsp salt 125ml/5fl oz/ cups olive oil or pizza oil 25g/1 oz fresh yeast pinch caster sugar 250ml/10oz/1 cups , approx , warm water 350ml/15fl oz/2 cups prepared tomato sauce for pasta 125g/4oz sliced pizza sausage , sardines , salame , etc , if required 8 sun-dried tomato halves , chopped 450g/1 lb Mozzarella cheese , grated or finely sliced 4  15ml/tbsp grated Parmesan cheese 8  15ml/tbsp olive oil
450g/1 lb/4 cups strong white bread flour 1  5 ml/tsp salt 125ml/5fl oz/ cups olive oil or pizza oil 25g/1 oz fresh yeast pinch caster sugar 250ml/10oz/1 cups , approx , warm water 350ml/15fl oz/2 cups prepared tomato sauce for pasta 125g/4oz sliced pizza sausage , sardines , salame , etc , if [] 8 sun-dried tomato halves , chopped 450g/1 lb mozzarella cheese , grated or finely sliced 4  15ml/tbsp grated parmesan cheese 8  15ml/tbsp olive oil

Add to the flour and mix to a manageable dough , adding more water as required .
add to the flour and mix to a manageable dough , adding more water as [] .

Add a little mayonnaise if a thinner consistency is required , or use single cream instead of double .
add a little mayonnaise if a thinner consistency is [] , or use single cream instead of double .

They should be stirred constantly until they are the required colour .
they should be stirred constantly until they are the [] colour .

Remove from the heat and leave until required .
remove from the heat and leave until [] .

Serve with drinks or as required .
serve with drinks or as [] .

25g/1oz butter 2  15ml/tbsp olive oil 1 large onion , finely sliced 2 cloves garlic , crushed 1,600g/3lb boneless shoulder of pork , cut into 4cm/1in dice 185g/6&oz can pimentos 200g/7oz pack pimento stuffed olives , drained ( approx 125g/4oz ) 400g/14ox can chopped tomatoes 1  5ml/tsp paprika 1  15ml/tbsp tomato paste salt and freshly ground black pepper sugar to taste , if required
25g/1oz butter 2  15ml/tbsp olive oil 1 large onion , finely sliced 2 cloves garlic , crushed 1,600g/3lb boneless shoulder of pork , cut into 4cm/1in dice 185g/6&oz can pimentos 200g/7oz pack pimento stuffed olives , drained ( approx 125g/4oz ) 400g/14ox can chopped tomatoes 1  5ml/tsp paprika 1  15ml/tbsp tomato paste salt and freshly ground black pepper sugar to taste , if []

Season to taste and add the sugar if required .
season to taste and add the sugar if [] .

40g/1oz butter or margarine 40g/1&oz flour 375ml/15fl oz/2 cups milk salt and pepper 450g/1lb leeks , sliced , cooked and drained 325g/12oz cooked lamb , cut into small pieces 2  15ml/tbsp capers 225g/8oz/2 cups plain flour 12  5ml/tsp caraway seeds 125g/4oz butter or margarine water to mix beaten egg to glaze , if required
40g/1oz butter or margarine 40g/1&oz flour 375ml/15fl oz/2 cups milk salt and pepper 450g/1lb leeks , sliced , cooked and drained 325g/12oz cooked lamb , cut into small pieces 2  15ml/tbsp capers 225g/8oz/2 cups plain flour 12  5ml/tsp caraway seeds 125g/4oz butter or margarine water to mix beaten egg to glaze , if []

Use any pastry scraps to decorate the pies and glaze with beaten egg if required .
use any pastry scraps to decorate the pies and glaze with beaten egg if [] .

Chill , then serve as required .
chill , then serve as [] .

Brown the steaks quickly on both sides , then cook to the required state .
brown the steaks quickly on both sides , then cook to the [] state .

No extra fat should be required to stop the steaks from sticking to the pan .
no extra fat should be [] to stop the steaks from sticking to the pan .

Place in a large bowl with the saffron and measured water or cold stock and leave until required .
place in a large bowl with the saffron and measured water or cold stock and leave until [] .

40g/1oz unsalted butter 1 medium onion , finely chopped 150ml/5fl oz/ cup dry wine 450g/1lb/2 cups arborio or risotto rice 1 envelope or   5ml/tsp powdered saffron 1 litre/2pt/5 cups chicken stock 40g/1&oz unsalted butter 75g/3oz fresh Parmesan cheese , finely grated salt and freshly ground black pepper , if required
40g/1oz unsalted butter 1 medium onion , finely chopped 150ml/5fl oz/ cup dry wine 450g/1lb/2 cups arborio or risotto rice 1 envelope or   5ml/tsp powdered saffron 1 litre/2pt/5 cups chicken stock 40g/1&oz unsalted butter 75g/3oz fresh parmesan cheese , finely grated salt and freshly ground black pepper , if []

Use as required .
use as [] .

All these Swiss cheeses are made in wheels , the retailer buying a wedge-shaped cut of the required size .
all these swiss cheeses are made in wheels , the retailer buying a wedge-shaped cut of the [] size .

Chill until set ( approximately 2hr ) , then remove from the tin and serve as required .
chill until set ( approximately 2hr ) , then remove from the tin and serve as [] .

Dredge with sieved icing sugar , if required , and serve in slices .
dredge with sieved icing sugar , if [] , and serve in slices .

Pasta comes in all shapes and sizes , some for specific recipes , such as the large sheets of lasagne , but many of the others can be used as required .
pasta comes in all shapes and sizes , some for specific recipes , such as the large sheets of lasagne , but many of the others can be used as [] .

In an age where the ability of the land to produce more food than is required for many parts of the world is a fact of life , the argument for organic farming methods has never been stronger .
in an age where the ability of the land to produce more food than is [] for many parts of the world is a fact of life , the argument for organic farming methods has never been stronger .

They do command a higher price , but the generally improved flavour , combined with an understanding of the increased effort required to produce the food , warrants the extra expenditure .
they do command a higher price , but the generally improved flavour , combined with an understanding of the increased effort [] to produce the food , warrants the extra expenditure .

It is virtually impossible to grate then , so they should be broken up by stroking with a fork if required for cooking .
it is virtually impossible to grate then , so they should be broken up by stroking with a fork if [] for cooking .

Chop the remaining chillis and serve them with the chilled soup , after adding 23  15ml/tbsp soured cream or natural yogurt , if required .
chop the remaining chillis and serve them with the chilled soup , after adding 23  15ml/tbsp soured cream or natural yogurt , if [] .

It is a very gentle process and the length of time required to complete the smoking depends on the size of the fish or meat to be processed .
it is a very gentle process and the length of time [] to complete the smoking depends on the size of the fish or meat to be processed .

2 slices of white bread , crusts removed 125g/4oz smoked cods ' roe , skinned juice of one large lemon 75125ml/45fl oz/ cup olive oil 1  15ml/tbsp grated onion , squeezed dry salt and pepper if required 1 .
2 slices of white bread , crusts removed 125g/4oz smoked cods ' roe , skinned juice of one large lemon 75125ml/45fl oz/ cup olive oil 1  15ml/tbsp grated onion , squeezed dry salt and pepper if [] 1 .

Stir in the onion , add the salt and pepper or a little more lemon juice if required .
stir in the onion , add the salt and pepper or a little more lemon juice if [] .

Add a few drops of anchovy essence to 175g/6oz softened cream cheese , until the required flavour is reached .
add a few drops of anchovy essence to 175g/6oz softened cream cheese , until the [] flavour is reached .

No criticism is allowed to touch this Mount Olympus of belief ; unquestioning faith and obedience is required to keep the believer within the fold of the faith .
no criticism is allowed to touch this mount olympus of belief ; unquestioning faith and obedience is [] to keep the believer within the fold of the faith .

He identified with the Barmen Declaration that :  Jesus Christ is the one Word of God which we are required to hear  we repudiate the false teachings that the Church must recognize other teachings and other personalities alongside this one Word of God .
he identified with the barmen declaration that :  jesus christ is the one word of god which we are [] to hear  we repudiate the false teachings that the church must recognize other teachings and other personalities alongside this one word of god .

Even though he was dissatisfied with Aristotle 's teachings , Gassendi was required , as professor of philosophy , to expound them to his students , just as his own professors had expounded them to him .
even though he was dissatisfied with aristotle 's teachings , gassendi was [] , as professor of philosophy , to expound them to his students , just as his own professors had expounded them to him .

According to distance , different eye-movements are required for focusing on different objects .
according to distance , different eye-movements are [] for focusing on different objects .

He painted this picture of his father-in-law :  Over his kindred he held a wary and chary care , which bountifully was expressed when occasion so required , reputing himself not only principal of the family but a general father to them all  as for frank , well ordered and continual hospitality he outwent all show of competence ; spare but discreet of speech : better conceiving than delivering ; equally stout and kind , not upon lightness of humour , but upon soundness of judgement : inclined to commiseration , ready to relieve .
he painted this picture of his father-in-law :  over his kindred he held a wary and chary care , which bountifully was expressed when occasion so [] , reputing himself not only principal of the family but a general father to them all  as for frank , well ordered and continual hospitality he outwent all show of competence ; spare but discreet of speech : better conceiving than delivering ; equally stout and kind , not upon lightness of humour , but upon soundness of judgement : inclined to commiseration , ready to relieve .

The first is the energy , most of it from fossil fuels , required by modern agriculture and the system which delivers its produce to the customers ; the other , the peaking of the  miracle grain  revolution .
the first is the energy , most of it from fossil fuels , [] by modern agriculture and the system which delivers its produce to the customers ; the other , the peaking of the  miracle grain  revolution .

Raising the sums which will be required in the name of global environmental security during the next 5060 years ( which is about as far as anyone can reasonably try to foresee ) will create severe political and economic stresses .
raising the sums which will be [] in the name of global environmental security during the next 5060 years ( which is about as far as anyone can reasonably try to foresee ) will create severe political and economic stresses .

He agrees that  practical and innovative thinking  is required , and he clearly likes an idea inspired by the sustainable developer 's manual , users ' fees .
he agrees that  practical and innovative thinking  is [] , and he clearly likes an idea inspired by the sustainable developer 's manual , users ' fees .

They would then be required to hand over the proceeds , without any strings attached , to a fund in which , under the Tolba plan ,  all countries would have an equal say in resource allocation .
they would then be [] to hand over the proceeds , without any strings attached , to a fund in which , under the tolba plan ,  all countries would have an equal say in resource allocation .

Perhaps no player has ever been quite as competitive as Botham , and if his combativeness has led him into trouble off the field it has generally worked in his favour on it  except when he has refused to part with the ball despite not bowling well , or when he has holed out in the deep when a more circumspect approach was required .
perhaps no player has ever been quite as competitive as botham , and if his combativeness has led him into trouble off the field it has generally worked in his favour on it  except when he has refused to part with the ball despite not bowling well , or when he has holed out in the deep when a more circumspect approach was [] .

Then Greig went , having made 48 , Hendrick followed next ball , and the last over began with four still required .
then greig went , having made 48 , hendrick followed next ball , and the last over began with four still [] .

But in knowledge of nature beyond that required in poaching  which is very considerable  Dad was even more erudite .
but in knowledge of nature beyond that [] in poaching  which is very considerable  dad was even more erudite .

This absorption into a different community , quite other than anything he had experienced since childhood , into which he had the natural right of entry accorded by his Welsh cousins because of the tie of blood , required a few more Long Vacation visits before he could articulate its meaning for his own mature intellectual development .
this absorption into a different community , quite other than anything he had experienced since childhood , into which he had the natural right of entry accorded by his welsh cousins because of the tie of blood , [] a few more long vacation visits before he could articulate its meaning for his own mature intellectual development .

Article 13 of the Third Geneva Convention , specifically on prisoners of war , repeats the limits on the information they may be required to give .
article 13 of the third geneva convention , specifically on prisoners of war , repeats the limits on the information they may be [] to give .

McLeish indicated equally economically that no more drinks would be required .
mcleish indicated equally economically that no more drinks would be [] .

McLeish , shaking his head , rang Catherine and broke it to her apologetically that she would be required for the afternoon .
mcleish , shaking his head , rang catherine and broke it to her apologetically that she would be [] for the afternoon .

The result was that the board was confined to the business of handling ships and cargo but required ministerial consent if , for example , it wished to develop the land attached to the sites .
the result was that the board was confined to the business of handling ships and cargo but [] ministerial consent if , for example , it wished to develop the land attached to the sites .

The procedures took so long that much needed links were not built until years after they were required .
the procedures took so long that much needed links were not built until years after they were [] .

In the European Community , minimum periods of notice are often required before a strike in an essential service can take place and a minimum level of service is required during industrial action .
in the european community , minimum periods of notice are often [] before a strike in an essential service can take place and a minimum level of service is [] during industrial action .

In the United States , a ninety-day notice of a strike in health care is required and the President has the power to impose an eighty-day cooling-off period .
in the united states , a ninety-day notice of a strike in health care is [] and the president has the power to impose an eighty-day cooling-off period .

The health service does not have a monopoly in cleaning , catering and laundry skills in the same way that it does in the skills required to treat sick people .
the health service does not have a monopoly in cleaning , catering and laundry skills in the same way that it does in the skills [] to treat sick people .

Inevitably this meant that the tax-credit system proposed by the Heath Government was not on the agenda and nor were some of the more ambitious income-guarantee schemes which inevitably required reform of taxation and social security being taken together .
inevitably this meant that the tax-credit system proposed by the heath government was not on the agenda and nor were some of the more ambitious income-guarantee schemes which inevitably [] reform of taxation and social security being taken together .

The clearly necessary tax increases required to pay for unification are now being forced down very unprepared throats .
the clearly necessary tax increases [] to pay for unification are now being forced down very unprepared throats .

Congress and the administration may go for a sharp rise in the average miles per gallon required of car makers , instead of the much more efficient solution of higher petrol taxes .
congress and the administration may go for a sharp rise in the average miles per gallon [] of car makers , instead of the much more efficient solution of higher petrol taxes .

As the Americans saw it , both goals required them to reassure those parties who felt nervous about what was going on .
as the americans saw it , both goals [] them to reassure those parties who felt nervous about what was going on .

 Then he put his finger on the reason :  State finance was required to  safeguard overall political and social stability .
 then he put his finger on the reason :  state finance was [] to  safeguard overall political and social stability .

All primary schools will be required to teach the new rules from this autumn .
all primary schools will be [] to teach the new rules from this autumn .

Such proof of her powers may help Mrs Prophet in her other pursuit : a down-payment of $ 10,000 is usually required to ensure a place in her post-nuclear world .
such proof of her powers may help mrs prophet in her other pursuit : a down-payment of $ 10,000 is usually [] to ensure a place in her post-nuclear world .

The third big feat required of a reforming new government would be to force open the market to competition .
the third big feat [] of a reforming new government would be to force open the market to competition .

But to be required reading for top people , it will somehow have to become less inhibited without losing its fanaticism about accuracy and fairness .
but to be [] reading for top people , it will somehow have to become less inhibited without losing its fanaticism about accuracy and fairness .

If female cadets are admitted , the Citadel  would be required to change an educational philosophy which has been tested and proven sound for almost 150 years ,  declared William Risher , chairman of its board of visitors .
if female cadets are admitted , the citadel  would be [] to change an educational philosophy which has been tested and proven sound for almost 150 years ,  declared william risher , chairman of its board of visitors .

Women have been enrolled at West Point , the United States Naval Academy and the Air Force Academy since the mid-1970s , when Congress passed a law that required women to be admitted to the federal military academies .
women have been enrolled at west point , the united states naval academy and the air force academy since the mid-1970s , when congress passed a law that [] women to be admitted to the federal military academies .

Silicon is one of several elements that biochemistry textbooks like to describe as a  required trace element whose precise biochemical role is still unknown .
silicon is one of several elements that biochemistry textbooks like to describe as a  [] trace element whose precise biochemical role is still unknown .

The way they operate affects the calculations and sentiments of investors , which in turn affects the returns required to compensate for risk .
the way they operate affects the calculations and sentiments of investors , which in turn affects the returns [] to compensate for risk .

Their capital , required by Bank for International Settlements ' rules to exceed 8 % of their assets , has been depleted by the stockmarket 's fall .
their capital , [] by bank for international settlements ' rules to exceed 8 % of their assets , has been depleted by the stockmarket 's fall .

They often have directors on firms ' supervisory boards , the second tier of German boards which is required by law and includes elected representatives of the workforce .
they often have directors on firms ' supervisory boards , the second tier of german boards which is [] by law and includes elected representatives of the workforce .

Until the cold war ended , Israel could rely on America objecting to ( a ) because an international conference required the participation of the Soviet Union .
until the cold war ended , israel could rely on america objecting to ( a ) because an international conference [] the participation of the soviet union .

Because the old think-tanks were dominated by liberals , conservative alternatives were required .
because the old think-tanks were dominated by liberals , conservative alternatives were [] .

The only way to develop a prototype is for the analyst to get inside the head of the user and , thinking like a user , decide what sort of system is required .
the only way to develop a prototype is for the analyst to get inside the head of the user and , thinking like a user , decide what sort of system is [] .

There are other complex tasks required of software which the suppliers admit they have not yet cracked , such as reaching targets for immunising all two-year-olds in the practice .
there are other complex tasks [] of software which the suppliers admit they have not yet cracked , such as reaching targets for immunising all two-year-olds in the practice .

Hours of work required to pay for everyday items , based on average wages , vary enormously : a pair of men 's leather shoes means nearly six hours work in West Germany , and 28 hours in the East ; a comparable colour television set , about 100 hours against 850 .
hours of work [] to pay for everyday items , based on average wages , vary enormously : a pair of men 's leather shoes means nearly six hours work in west germany , and 28 hours in the east ; a comparable colour television set , about 100 hours against 850 .

Patrick Wintour adds : Motorists in London wanting to take their car into capital should be required to buy a  4 a day licence which would also give them access to free public transport in the City , The Liberal Democrats yesterday recommended a 4 a day central London charge , to include free out-of-centre parking and a public transport pass .
patrick wintour adds : motorists in london wanting to take their car into capital should be [] to buy a  4 a day licence which would also give them access to free public transport in the city , the liberal democrats yesterday recommended a 4 a day central london charge , to include free out-of-centre parking and a public transport pass .

The changes required are not so great that it should be rejected outright .
the changes [] are not so great that it should be rejected outright .

Lord Home , the former Conservative prime minister , said if Mr Gorbachev 's reforms were to show results , an enormous programme of reconstruction on the scale of the Marshall Plan after the second world war would be required .
lord home , the former conservative prime minister , said if mr gorbachev 's reforms were to show results , an enormous programme of reconstruction on the scale of the marshall plan after the second world war would be [] .

The judgment adds a new dimension to interpretations of Section 10 of the Contempt of Court Act , 1981 , which says journalists can only be required to reveal their sources if it is necessary  in the interests of justice  , or for  the prevention of crime  .
the judgment adds a new dimension to interpretations of section 10 of the contempt of court act , 1981 , which says journalists can only be [] to reveal their sources if it is necessary  in the interests of justice  , or for  the prevention of crime  .

The cheerfully ramshackle atmosphere of the King 's Head is an unlikely setting for such a finely wrought play , but Mark Rayment 's production frequently achieves the required elegance .
the cheerfully ramshackle atmosphere of the king 's head is an unlikely setting for such a finely wrought play , but mark rayment 's production frequently achieves the [] elegance .

Sidney and Beatrice Webb , who wrote the syllabus for British socialism and the Labour party , explained that the social theory of collectivism required the state to ensure that only the fittest survived .
sidney and beatrice webb , who wrote the syllabus for british socialism and the labour party , explained that the social theory of collectivism [] the state to ensure that only the fittest survived .

Yet for all the theories put forward about the qualities required to win the Masters , it provides one of the best opportunities for a rank-and-file player to win a major title .
yet for all the theories put forward about the qualities [] to win the masters , it provides one of the best opportunities for a rank-and-file player to win a major title .

On the walls of the tombs in the cliffs above Beni Hassan are painted the meals expected in the after life , the menus marked with the number of portions required , as on cards hung on the doorknobs of hotel bedrooms to order breakfast .
on the walls of the tombs in the cliffs above beni hassan are painted the meals expected in the after life , the menus marked with the number of portions [] , as on cards hung on the doorknobs of hotel bedrooms to order breakfast .

He says that  surgery rather than an aspirin  was required , especially at the top of the company .
he says that  surgery rather than an aspirin  was [] , especially at the top of the company .

His race chassis had required new right front and rear suspension and bodywork  tasks which had kept the Williams mechanics at the track until after 2 am .
his race chassis had [] new right front and rear suspension and bodywork  tasks which had kept the williams mechanics at the track until after 2 am .

The event also required school teachers giving up their own time for youngsters .
the event also [] school teachers giving up their own time for youngsters .

But even more urgently required is sound national organisation .
but even more urgently [] is sound national organisation .

He believes  some form of integrated federation of the whole spectrum of voluntary sports bodies  is required if an efficient system is to be established for the injection of public money .
he believes  some form of integrated federation of the whole spectrum of voluntary sports bodies  is [] if an efficient system is to be established for the injection of public money .

Assuming Moore is fit and Wallaby Coker , the king of the long-distance commuters , is not required again in Australia , Bath might discover painfully what Winterbottom has in mind .
assuming moore is fit and wallaby coker , the king of the long-distance commuters , is not [] again in australia , bath might discover painfully what winterbottom has in mind .

For many foster parents the strain imposed by the rights of natural parents and extra paperwork required under the Children Act which came into force last year could cause them to give up , she went on .
for many foster parents the strain imposed by the rights of natural parents and extra paperwork [] under the children act which came into force last year could cause them to give up , she went on .

He was not required to take his seat twice .
he was not [] to take his seat twice .

Suppliers are angry about what they discern as a consistent pattern of Brandmakers refusing to pay bills because , the company says , goods delivered have fallen below the required standard .
suppliers are angry about what they discern as a consistent pattern of brandmakers refusing to pay bills because , the company says , goods delivered have fallen below the [] standard .

Colour printing is moving rapidly from being a novelty to being the required method of output .
colour printing is moving rapidly from being a novelty to being the [] method of output .

 Employers and service providers will be required to take measures to remove past discrimination .
 employers and service providers will be [] to take measures to remove past discrimination .

But in 1979 the Welsh voted four-to-one against a devolved assembly while in Scotland fewer than 33 per cent supported the idea , far short of the 40 per cent required by parliamentary decree .
but in 1979 the welsh voted four-to-one against a devolved assembly while in scotland fewer than 33 per cent supported the idea , far short of the 40 per cent [] by parliamentary decree .

The transition from water to land required not only the perfection of a walking limb , but modifications to the hearing system , palate , eyes and so on , and Ichthyostega had already established most of these terrestrial modifications , so it is in no sense an  ancestor  , although it has many ancestral features .
the transition from water to land [] not only the perfection of a walking limb , but modifications to the hearing system , palate , eyes and so on , and ichthyostega had already established most of these terrestrial modifications , so it is in no sense an  ancestor  , although it has many ancestral features .

In terms of force required , a coup would be easy enough to carry out .
in terms of force [] , a coup would be easy enough to carry out .

He required a minimum of fifty yards for safety .
he [] a minimum of fifty yards for safety .

 Damn ,  he said , as if something urgent required his attention .
 damn ,  he said , as if something urgent [] his attention .

The government is now faced with the realisation that treatment alone will not get lead levels down to the 50 ug/litre required by the Directive .
the government is now faced with the realisation that treatment alone will not get lead levels down to the 50 ug/litre [] by the directive .

Manufacturers would be required to use these to reduce emissions , but it was never very clear how the  best practicable means  would be defined .
manufacturers would be [] to use these to reduce emissions , but it was never very clear how the  best practicable means  would be defined .

The target reductions required to bring sulphur pollution below the critical loads will vary according to present pollution .
the target reductions [] to bring sulphur pollution below the critical loads will vary according to present pollution .

They realise that a free-trade solution is required : the key to success will depend as much on political courage as diplomatic skill .
they realise that a free-trade solution is [] : the key to success will depend as much on political courage as diplomatic skill .

The range of instruments to be used goes far beyond those required for simply co-ordinating economic policies .
the range of instruments to be used goes far beyond those [] for simply co-ordinating economic policies .

It required a man of his statesmanship to steer his country with the required sensitivity .
it [] a man of his statesmanship to steer his country with the [] sensitivity .

Not only is the Bundesrat 's consent not required for all laws ( Article 77 ( 3 ) ) but , in addition to its power to overrule the Bundesrat ( Article 77 ( 4 ) ) , the Bundestag has virtual carte blanche to extend its area of competence , in virtue of an article which is a perfect formulation of  subsidiarity  :
not only is the bundesrat 's consent not [] for all laws ( article 77 ( 3 ) ) but , in addition to its power to overrule the bundesrat ( article 77 ( 4 ) ) , the bundestag has virtual carte blanche to extend its area of competence , in virtue of an article which is a perfect formulation of  subsidiarity  :

There were imperial standards , industrial codes , legal directives , competition legislation , procedural codes , business and civil legislation , regulations for banking , foreign exchange , as well as imperial military and naval policy , foreign and colonial policy , tax and economic policy , the beginnings of interventionism and social policy : all this , to be sure , required more administration , greater power for the imperial bureaucracy and an overall accrual of power to the central organs of state .
there were imperial standards , industrial codes , legal directives , competition legislation , procedural codes , business and civil legislation , regulations for banking , foreign exchange , as well as imperial military and naval policy , foreign and colonial policy , tax and economic policy , the beginnings of interventionism and social policy : all this , to be sure , [] more administration , greater power for the imperial bureaucracy and an overall accrual of power to the central organs of state .

It was hard to know what to try first  tennis , squash , volleyball  no expert knowledge was required , just plenty of enthusiasm .
it was hard to know what to try first  tennis , squash , volleyball  no expert knowledge was [] , just plenty of enthusiasm .

To help you get organised a group option may be held for up to one month before deposits are required , and names need not be supplied until 12 weeks before departure .
to help you get organised a group option may be held for up to one month before deposits are [] , and names need not be supplied until 12 weeks before departure .

For bookings made within six weeks of departure , you will be required to pay the full cost of your holiday at the time of booking .
for bookings made within six weeks of departure , you will be [] to pay the full cost of your holiday at the time of booking .

Reimbursement of medical , hospital and treatment expenses while on holiday ( including emergency dental treatment ) and hotel and repatriation expenses to the British Isles necessarily incurred arising from injury sustained or sickness declaring itself during the period of the holiday ( including those of any one person required on medical advice to accompany the Insured Person ) .
reimbursement of medical , hospital and treatment expenses while on holiday ( including emergency dental treatment ) and hotel and repatriation expenses to the british isles necessarily incurred arising from injury sustained or sickness declaring itself during the period of the holiday ( including those of any one person [] on medical advice to accompany the insured person ) .

All certificates , information and evidence required by the Insurer shall be furnished at the expense of the Insured Person or his/her legal personal representatives .
all certificates , information and evidence [] by the insurer shall be furnished at the expense of the insured person or his/her legal personal representatives .

Should he fail to do so the carrier is required to refund in full the carriage charges in respect of the carriage of the goods .
should he fail to do so the carrier is [] to refund in full the carriage charges in respect of the carriage of the goods .

The consignee is required to give a general indication of apparent loss of damage within 7 days of delivery to the carrier .
the consignee is [] to give a general indication of apparent loss of damage within 7 days of delivery to the carrier .

In winning the Northern Bank International Award , it was judged that Nicholas Hutchinson displayed the total commitment and drive required to successfully market his company 's products and services , involving extensive international travel and unsocial working hours .
in winning the northern bank international award , it was judged that nicholas hutchinson displayed the total commitment and drive [] to successfully market his company 's products and services , involving extensive international travel and unsocial working hours .

Special areas are designated for hazardous cargoes and , while in general the majority of traffic through the port does not require customs clearance , customs are available if required .
special areas are designated for hazardous cargoes and , while in general the majority of traffic through the port does not require customs clearance , customs are available if [] .

Fishing : Can be arranged , permit required .
fishing : can be arranged , permit [] .

Fishing : Fish are abundant ; locally obtained fishing permit required .
fishing : fish are abundant ; locally obtained fishing permit [] .

Permits are required , ask our local representative for details .
permits are [] , ask our local representative for details .

Fishing : Keen fishermen should bring their own tackle as the Wolfgangsee is renowned for its fishing ( permits required ) .
fishing : keen fishermen should bring their own tackle as the wolfgangsee is renowned for its fishing ( permits [] ) .

Fishing : Can be arranged , bring your own tackle , permits required .
fishing : can be arranged , bring your own tackle , permits [] .

Seefeld has riding stables ( children 's ponies available ) and there are numerous tennis courts offering tuition if required .
seefeld has riding stables ( children 's ponies available ) and there are numerous tennis courts offering tuition if [] .

Between 7th July and 17th August , the hotel has a resident nanny for 411 year olds ; who organises a children 's activity programme and early dinners if required .
between 7th july and 17th august , the hotel has a resident nanny for 411 year olds ; who organises a children 's activity programme and early dinners if [] .

For children a special menu is provided , with special mealtimes if required .
for children a special menu is provided , with special mealtimes if [] .

It is also important to note that if on arrival at your hotel you decide to change your board arrangement , the very advantageous rate advertised in our brochure will not be available and you will be required to pay the hotel the amount requested .
it is also important to note that if on arrival at your hotel you decide to change your board arrangement , the very advantageous rate advertised in our brochure will not be available and you will be [] to pay the hotel the amount requested .

When you arrive at the continental airport you will be required to pass through passport control , claim your baggage and obtain customs clearance .
when you arrive at the continental airport you will be [] to pass through passport control , claim your baggage and obtain customs clearance .

Extra beds in studios and apartments are often required to be moved between units according to occupancy levels .
extra beds in studios and apartments are often [] to be moved between units according to occupancy levels .

If variation rather than fidelity is required in the management of change , then the restrictive views of professionality and management currently underpinning much thinking would not seem to be the most appropriate model for the future .
if variation rather than fidelity is [] in the management of change , then the restrictive views of professionality and management currently underpinning much thinking would not seem to be the most appropriate model for the future .

If teachers are to assume a greater role in the control of their own organisations a far wider range of knowledge and skills is required than if they are to remain  in the classroom   they must move from the restricted to the extended approach .
if teachers are to assume a greater role in the control of their own organisations a far wider range of knowledge and skills is [] than if they are to remain  in the classroom   they must move from the restricted to the extended approach .

It is suggested here that a new modus vivendi is required between the managerial and professional dimensions of school life .
it is suggested here that a new modus vivendi is [] between the managerial and professional dimensions of school life .

Once the management task has been defined then the type of information required can be identified .
once the management task has been defined then the type of information [] can be identified .

The second stage of identifying and defining the nature and type of information required would bring together both quantitative and qualitative information .
the second stage of identifying and defining the nature and type of information [] would bring together both quantitative and qualitative information .

The type of information required at each level can now be assessed .
the type of information [] at each level can now be assessed .

This problem has been reduced now that schools are required to make some attempt at formulating longer-term school development plans , although it is accepted that they will act as flexible guidelines .
this problem has been reduced now that schools are [] to make some attempt at formulating longer-term school development plans , although it is accepted that they will act as flexible guidelines .

The various sections of the school function as effective teams and the objectives are clear so that they know what is required of them .
the various sections of the school function as effective teams and the objectives are clear so that they know what is [] of them .

Close to the customer : ensuring that the products and services provided are those which are actually required .
close to the customer : ensuring that the products and services provided are those which are actually [] .

The significance of this model is that the task is one component of the team maintenance process and is relative to the evaluative , reflective and planning elements which serve to enhance interpersonal relationships whilst ensuring maximum ability to complete the task . The qualities which are required to maintain and enhance a team include :
the significance of this model is that the task is one component of the team maintenance process and is relative to the evaluative , reflective and planning elements which serve to enhance interpersonal relationships whilst ensuring maximum ability to complete the task . the qualities which are [] to maintain and enhance a team include :

The contracts of chief officers will be linked to quality targets , with senior managers required to sample the service they provide .
the contracts of chief officers will be linked to quality targets , with senior managers [] to sample the service they provide .

Compulsory competitive tendering will be abolished , but the Quality Commission will have the power , where services have broken down , to insist that they are put out to tender , with contractors required to meet conditions such as quality thresholds and fair employment .
compulsory competitive tendering will be abolished , but the quality commission will have the power , where services have broken down , to insist that they are put out to tender , with contractors [] to meet conditions such as quality thresholds and fair employment .

Every utility will be required to provide a customer contract , with compensation if standards are not met .
every utility will be [] to provide a customer contract , with compensation if standards are not met .

All transport services will be required to meet high standards of service and safety , with effective avenues for complaint and compensation where appropriate .
all transport services will be [] to meet high standards of service and safety , with effective avenues for complaint and compensation where appropriate .

Vast numbers of bricks were required and Bevan had the idea of constructing a tramroad alongside the line of the flight to raise bricks fired at Foxton not only for Foxton Locks but also for other constructions such as the Bosworth Tunnel .
vast numbers of bricks were [] and bevan had the idea of constructing a tramroad alongside the line of the flight to raise bricks fired at foxton not only for foxton locks but also for other constructions such as the bosworth tunnel .

As the gravity effect of one weight is balanced by that of the other , the only power necessary to produce movement is that amount required to overcome friction and the inertia of the moving parts .
as the gravity effect of one weight is balanced by that of the other , the only power necessary to produce movement is that amount [] to overcome friction and the inertia of the moving parts .

Without compensation , a large surge of additional power would be required to complete the travel of the tanks .
without compensation , a large surge of additional power would be [] to complete the travel of the tanks .

It runs to six handwritten pages and described the basic methods of working of inclined planes , pointing out the saving of water , the small amount of power required to work a balanced lift , an it also included an estimate of the cost .
it runs to six handwritten pages and described the basic methods of working of inclined planes , pointing out the saving of water , the small amount of power [] to work a balanced lift , an it also included an estimate of the cost .

The erection of the machinery , which was manufactured in London and transported to the head of the incline by canal , proceeded through the latter part of 1899 to practical completion in April 1900 , when trials took place.8 ; As a result of these trials , Thomas required some modifications to be carried out , after which final acceptance trials took place in May , 9 ; followed by an Official visit  perhaps the opening  by the Committee on 11th July , 1900.0 ; The photographs of the boats  Marsworth  and  Langley  passing through the lift were probably taken in April of that year .
the erection of the machinery , which was manufactured in london and transported to the head of the incline by canal , proceeded through the latter part of 1899 to practical completion in april 1900 , when trials took place.8 ; as a result of these trials , thomas [] some modifications to be carried out , after which final acceptance trials took place in may , 9 ; followed by an official visit  perhaps the opening  by the committee on 11th july , 1900.0 ; the photographs of the boats  marsworth  and  langley  passing through the lift were probably taken in april of that year .

If , in fact , traffic had warranted operations through a 12 hour day , then the number of men required to work the system would have been 4 not 3 , with some duplication to provide relief , and the total wage bill would have been at least 8 per week , which makes Thomas 's figure look ridiculous .
if , in fact , traffic had warranted operations through a 12 hour day , then the number of men [] to work the system would have been 4 not 3 , with some duplication to provide relief , and the total wage bill would have been at least 8 per week , which makes thomas 's figure look ridiculous .

required .
[] .

There are along the route four long tunnels , each of which would have required attention .
there are along the route four long tunnels , each of which would have [] attention .

Also even after quoting for certain deliveries , that carrier may not be in a position to do the haulage just when required .
also even after quoting for certain deliveries , that carrier may not be in a position to do the haulage just when [] .

Obviously the balance lift will do twice the work , in the same time , and , beyond this , the power required to operate the lift , although of the same intensity , would be only usable during a small portion of the rise instead of during the whole .
obviously the balance lift will do twice the work , in the same time , and , beyond this , the power [] to operate the lift , although of the same intensity , would be only usable during a small portion of the rise instead of during the whole .

The time required to pass a barge up and or barge down in a 50 feet balance lift would be approximately say 15 minutes .
the time [] to pass a barge up and or barge down in a 50 feet balance lift would be approximately say 15 minutes .

the engine power required to do this would be approximately 21 to 24 h.p .
the engine power [] to do this would be approximately 21 to 24 h.p .

It is one of the advantages of this balance lift , that an increase of rise is relatively immaterial both as to the time required to make the ascent or descent and as to the cost of the parts .
it is one of the advantages of this balance lift , that an increase of rise is relatively immaterial both as to the time [] to make the ascent or descent and as to the cost of the parts .

Whether a single lift costing little more than half the balance lift is advisable or not can only be determined on working out the details of the site where it is required to be constructed and the conditions under which it would have to be worked .
whether a single lift costing little more than half the balance lift is advisable or not can only be determined on working out the details of the site where it is [] to be constructed and the conditions under which it would have to be worked .

The disturbance of the balance which would occure by the immersion of the lift in the water at the foot of its inclined way may be automatically compensated by varying the effective diameters of the winding drums of the balance ropes , or by bringing auxiliary power into operation at the required moment .
the disturbance of the balance which would occure by the immersion of the lift in the water at the foot of its inclined way may be automatically compensated by varying the effective diameters of the winding drums of the balance ropes , or by bringing auxiliary power into operation at the [] moment .

The present improvement has for its object to compensate for the disturbance of the balance between the upgoing and downgoing lifts which occurs by the immersion of the latter in the water at the foot of the incline , and the improvement consists in gradually diminishing the gradient at the upper end of the incline so as to avoid the great increase of haulage power which would otherwise be required to raise the ascending lift from about the moment when the descending dock begins to enter the water .
the present improvement has for its object to compensate for the disturbance of the balance between the upgoing and downgoing lifts which occurs by the immersion of the latter in the water at the foot of the incline , and the improvement consists in gradually diminishing the gradient at the upper end of the incline so as to avoid the great increase of haulage power which would otherwise be [] to raise the ascending lift from about the moment when the descending dock begins to enter the water .

The three firms appear to be consonant with regard to the small steam power required to actuate the lift : viz : about 25 h.p .
the three firms appear to be consonant with regard to the small steam power [] to actuate the lift : viz : about 25 h.p .

Quantity of Water required by the Canal
quantity of water [] by the canal

Thus the quantity of water used for traffic is a small proportion of the total required .
thus the quantity of water used for traffic is a small proportion of the total [] .

In a year when the annual quantity required ( 207,461,000 cu. ft. ) is balanced by adequate rainfall then the storage must be such as to make up the supply during the relatively dry period .
in a year when the annual quantity [] ( 207,461,000 cu. ft. ) is balanced by adequate rainfall then the storage must be such as to make up the supply during the relatively dry period .

Assuming the reservoirs to be full at the beginning of June , the absolute minimum capacity required would be the deficiency of 55,937,000 cu .
assuming the reservoirs to be full at the beginning of june , the absolute minimum capacity [] would be the deficiency of 55,937,000 cu .

Of all that hundred , only two are theoretically capable of producing the extremely intricate molecular structures that are needed to process energy in the way that is required .
of all that hundred , only two are theoretically capable of producing the extremely intricate molecular structures that are needed to process energy in the way that is [] .

 calorie  , spelt with a small  c  , is defined as the amount of heat required to raise one gram of water through one degree Celsius .
 calorie  , spelt with a small  c  , is defined as the amount of heat [] to raise one gram of water through one degree celsius .

But the rivers that keep the lake fresh are required for agriculture ; and there have long been plans to dam them .
but the rivers that keep the lake fresh are [] for agriculture ; and there have long been plans to dam them .

The pelagic animals generally try to achieve  neutral buoyancy  , to enable them to stay at the required depth without effort ; and many have devices to alter buoyancy .
the pelagic animals generally try to achieve  neutral buoyancy  , to enable them to stay at the [] depth without effort ; and many have devices to alter buoyancy .

Several greens and tees required attention and on Messrs. Carters advice , a ton of charcoal ( 7 delivered ) was distributed over their surfaces accordingly .
several greens and tees [] attention and on messrs. carters advice , a ton of charcoal ( 7 delivered ) was distributed over their surfaces accordingly .

The new , expensive , equipment required secure and sound cover , thus the Club had to build suitably good sheds ; these are by the 3rd fairway .
the new , expensive , equipment [] secure and sound cover , thus the club had to build suitably good sheds ; these are by the 3rd fairway .

Much indeed remains to be done ; for special training is required , and the workers are still few .
much indeed remains to be done ; for special training is [] , and the workers are still few .

But basic to all such schemata is the supplying of energy reserves above those required for maintenance metabolism .
but basic to all such schemata is the supplying of energy reserves above those [] for maintenance metabolism .

In reciprocal altruism individuals are not required to have any particular genetic relatedness with one another .
in reciprocal altruism individuals are not [] to have any particular genetic relatedness with one another .

While it may be strategic for a juvenile male to appease larger ones for a period and while he may learn elaborate social skills in the process , his ultimate strategy is to replace the dominant animal in terms of access to required commodities  especially mates .
while it may be strategic for a juvenile male to appease larger ones for a period and while he may learn elaborate social skills in the process , his ultimate strategy is to replace the dominant animal in terms of access to [] commodities  especially mates .

The children are required to perform these actions as they hear the teacher 's instructions .
the children are [] to perform these actions as they hear the teacher 's instructions .

Many postgraduates after three years of thinking in the abstract feel quite stupid when required to think concretely . )
many postgraduates after three years of thinking in the abstract feel quite stupid when [] to think concretely . )

This is the kind of frame from which Dorothy Heathcote often ( increasingly ) wants children to work , and this is why it often seems to be the case in her work that the pupils are not in role at all  they are merely required to look at something from a particular scientific perspective .
this is the kind of frame from which dorothy heathcote often ( increasingly ) wants children to work , and this is why it often seems to be the case in her work that the pupils are not in role at all  they are merely [] to look at something from a particular scientific perspective .

He persuaded the Board in 1970 to recognise that a new kind of qualification was now required , one that would give status to the more  creative  approach to drama in schools .
he persuaded the board in 1970 to recognise that a new kind of qualification was now [] , one that would give status to the more  creative  approach to drama in schools .

Most drama books write of children  playing a part  ,  playing someone else  ,  taking on a character  , whereas what is required of children in drama ( or at least , in the dramatic playing mode ) is that they be themselves , functioning in whatever way the situation demands of them .
most drama books write of children  playing a part  ,  playing someone else  ,  taking on a character  , whereas what is [] of children in drama ( or at least , in the dramatic playing mode ) is that they be themselves , functioning in whatever way the situation demands of them .

It might require them to behave authoritatively , submissively , wickedly or shrewdly ; the role might be labelled explorer , prime minister , designer or archaeologist , but they will do no more than adapt functionally to the situation of the drama just as they would adapt to roles required in a game  just as they once learnt to adapt to the limited number of roles imposed on them in real life .
it might require them to behave authoritatively , submissively , wickedly or shrewdly ; the role might be labelled explorer , prime minister , designer or archaeologist , but they will do no more than adapt functionally to the situation of the drama just as they would adapt to roles [] in a game  just as they once learnt to adapt to the limited number of roles imposed on them in real life .

Because of this the skill required is often very challenging , but it is not the skill of the performer ; it is the skill of bringing oneself to function with a degree of maturity that one 's normal  life  role does not demand .
because of this the skill [] is often very challenging , but it is not the skill of the performer ; it is the skill of bringing oneself to function with a degree of maturity that one 's normal  life  role does not demand .

In fact the mode of behaviour required has little to do with performing other than keeping open the normal communication channels between people as players do in a game .
in fact the mode of behaviour [] has little to do with performing other than keeping open the normal communication channels between people as players do in a game .

The participant adopts whatever role function is required of him by the context .
the participant adopts whatever role function is [] of him by the context .

In a game the pain of life can safely be recaptured , encountered and switched off as required , for as we have seen , a game and all other forms of playing including the arts are deliberately created second-order experiences , removed from the rawness of living .
in a game the pain of life can safely be recaptured , encountered and switched off as [] , for as we have seen , a game and all other forms of playing including the arts are deliberately created second-order experiences , removed from the rawness of living .

Another aspect which the two modes do appear to have in common is that in neither mode is the participant required to concentrate on the emotion itself ( another reason why Cemrel has got it wrong ) .
another aspect which the two modes do appear to have in common is that in neither mode is the participant [] to concentrate on the emotion itself ( another reason why cemrel has got it wrong ) .

For instance , Dorothy Heathcote , in working on the Minamata tragedy towards performance , required the sixth form  actors  to remain emotionally detached from their roles , an example of  protection  from personal exposure to which we shall be returning later .
for instance , dorothy heathcote , in working on the minamata tragedy towards performance , [] the sixth form  actors  to remain emotionally detached from their roles , an example of  protection  from personal exposure to which we shall be returning later .

There are many advantages of working this way , two of which are that the performance technique required is minimal , well within the abilities of the class to achieve a satisfactory result from their point of view , and that it allows the class and its individual members to control the emotional input .
there are many advantages of working this way , two of which are that the performance technique [] is minimal , well within the abilities of the class to achieve a satisfactory result from their point of view , and that it allows the class and its individual members to control the emotional input .

Required standards of punctuality , reliability and quality of service will be specified by franchises ; subsidy will continue to be provided where necessary ; arrangements to sustain the current national network of services will be maintained ; and through-ticketing will be required .
[] standards of punctuality , reliability and quality of service will be specified by franchises ; subsidy will continue to be provided where necessary ; arrangements to sustain the current national network of services will be maintained ; and through-ticketing will be [] .

We will enforce effective pollution control regulations while helping farmers to meet the high standards required .
we will enforce effective pollution control regulations while helping farmers to meet the high standards [] .

There must be more evidence than some existentialists desire for their  splendid  leap of faith , but there may be less than Copleston required for his certain assurance of God 's existence .
there must be more evidence than some existentialists desire for their  splendid  leap of faith , but there may be less than copleston [] for his certain assurance of god 's existence .

Arguments for the existence of God are no longer required to conform to Euclidean standards of proof  any more than are modern scientific hypotheses .
arguments for the existence of god are no longer [] to conform to euclidean standards of proof  any more than are modern scientific hypotheses .

The commonest are rough spar or aggregate finishes , and imitation brick and stonework ; all can be painted if required .
the commonest are rough spar or aggregate finishes , and imitation brick and stonework ; all can be painted if [] .

If none is required , they will be only too pleased to tell you .
if none is [] , they will be only too pleased to tell you .

The hole required is small enough to need no lintel support , but if you have any doubts about the stability of the wall area above the proposed hole , consult your local Building Control officer .
the hole [] is small enough to need no lintel support , but if you have any doubts about the stability of the wall area above the proposed hole , consult your local building control officer .

On an exterior cavity wall , a damp-proof membrane will be required behind the niche .
on an exterior cavity wall , a damp-proof membrane will be [] behind the niche .

If required , the completed niche may be painted with a matt emulsion paint
if [] , the completed niche may be painted with a matt emulsion paint

These can be made to measure if required , but some , such as spirals and the straight stairway , can be bought as kits for you to assemble yourself .
these can be made to measure if [] , but some , such as spirals and the straight stairway , can be bought as kits for you to assemble yourself .

The accessories come in three distinct qualities  Standard , Superior , and High Tech  so that you can choose the quality of the accessory needed for the job in hand , and the quality of finish required .
the accessories come in three distinct qualities  standard , superior , and high tech  so that you can choose the quality of the accessory needed for the job in hand , and the quality of finish [] .

The act only gives the powers to enable new dwellings to be fitted with adequate means of smoke detection ; it does not give any technical provisions about the necessary standards that will be required .
the act only gives the powers to enable new dwellings to be fitted with adequate means of smoke detection ; it does not give any technical provisions about the necessary standards that will be [] .

Where more than one detector is required to give adequate protection to a dwelling , they will have to be interconnected so that the activation of one unit will operate the alarm on all the detectors provided .
where more than one detector is [] to give adequate protection to a dwelling , they will have to be interconnected so that the activation of one unit will operate the alarm on all the detectors provided .

Hardwood frames are stronger and more resistant to decay than the softwood variety , but good protection is still required for best results .
hardwood frames are stronger and more resistant to decay than the softwood variety , but good protection is still [] for best results .

No security required
no security []

As you will see some money may be required as a deposit and for your fees .
as you will see some money may be [] as a deposit and for your fees .

If your loan exceeds 75 % of the value of the property , additional security will be required on the  excess loan  .
if your loan exceeds 75 % of the value of the property , additional security will be [] on the  excess loan  .

If the buildings insurance on the property you buy is tied by a lease ( this will usually only apply to flats ) additional buildings insurance may not be required .
if the buildings insurance on the property you buy is tied by a lease ( this will usually only apply to flats ) additional buildings insurance may not be [] .

The Company is required to appoint auditors at each general meeting at which accounts are laid before the Company to hold office until the next such meeting .
the company is [] to appoint auditors at each general meeting at which accounts are laid before the company to hold office until the next such meeting .

All Directors and employees who are required to work for at least 25 hours and 20 hours respectively per week for the Company and its participating subsidiaries are eligible to be nominated for participation in the Scheme by the Committee .
all directors and employees who are [] to work for at least 25 hours and 20 hours respectively per week for the company and its participating subsidiaries are eligible to be nominated for participation in the scheme by the committee .

The Company is required by Section 376 to give shareholders notice of these resolutions .
the company is [] by section 376 to give shareholders notice of these resolutions .

First , the Company is already required to circulate nominations made under requisition without charge if no additional costs are involved .
first , the company is already [] to circulate nominations made under requisition without charge if no additional costs are involved .

One month 's notice is required for any withdrawals , but should you need your money in a hurry you can of course , withdraw it at any time .
one month 's notice is [] for any withdrawals , but should you need your money in a hurry you can of course , withdraw it at any time .

The table shows the types of deposit and the minimum amount required .
the table shows the types of deposit and the minimum amount [] .

Any notice or other communication required under the Conditions must ( unless otherwise specified ) be given as follows :
any notice or other communication [] under the conditions must ( unless otherwise specified ) be given as follows :

For joint borrowers , all parties are required to complete the formalities .
for joint borrowers , all parties are [] to complete the formalities .

The principal benefits and conditions are outlined on the application form and we will be happy to provide further details if required  ask your local NatWest branch if you would like more information .
the principal benefits and conditions are outlined on the application form and we will be happy to provide further details if []  ask your local natwest branch if you would like more information .

There are no health questions to be answered or medical examinations required but if you are disabled by illness or injury when you enter the agreement , cover will not begin until you return to full-time work .
there are no health questions to be answered or medical examinations [] but if you are disabled by illness or injury when you enter the agreement , cover will not begin until you return to full-time work .

Your consent is required before we can apply for a report and you may see the report before it is returned to us .
your consent is [] before we can apply for a report and you may see the report before it is returned to us .

drawdown in stages if required
drawdown in stages if []

Another time-saving aspect is , that only brief and simple documentation is required .
another time-saving aspect is , that only brief and simple documentation is [] .

Additional security for your loan may be required ( written requirements are available from your local branch or Business Centre ) .
additional security for your loan may be [] ( written requirements are available from your local branch or business centre ) .

This gives you the advantages of : improved cashflow , more certain financial forecasting because of greater certainty of receipts , 100 % credit cover ( if required ) , minimal bad debt risk , reductions of staff costs and administrative overheads .
this gives you the advantages of : improved cashflow , more certain financial forecasting because of greater certainty of receipts , 100 % credit cover ( if [] ) , minimal bad debt risk , reductions of staff costs and administrative overheads .

While there are similarities between the cover required for an office , a shop and a hotel , each has special needs .
while there are similarities between the cover [] for an office , a shop and a hotel , each has special needs .

Job requirements , such as basic education and pre-job training needed ; on the job training required ; physical effort ; mental effort
job requirements , such as basic education and pre-job training needed ; on the job training [] ; physical effort ; mental effort

You are merely required to put certain principles into practice at work .
you are merely [] to put certain principles into practice at work .

follow each agenda quickly with a set of minutes which will help clarify action required , by whom and when , from any more general descriptive material about the contents of the discussion .
follow each agenda quickly with a set of minutes which will help clarify action [] , by whom and when , from any more general descriptive material about the contents of the discussion .

Sometimes delegation is genuinely not possible because there is no one capable of doing the task or role required .
sometimes delegation is genuinely not possible because there is no one capable of doing the task or role [] .

the task is absolutely vital and only you can be sure that it will be done in time and to the required standards
the task is absolutely vital and only you can be sure that it will be done in time and to the [] standards

an urgent decision is required
an urgent decision is []

Your consent is required before we apply for a report and you may see the report before it is returned to us .
your consent is [] before we apply for a report and you may see the report before it is returned to us .

No previous experience is required to become involved .
no previous experience is [] to become involved .

Children under 15 1.80 at all times ; OAPs , UB40s ( proof of status required ) 1.80 for all shows before 5.30pm .
children under 15 1.80 at all times ; oaps , ub40s ( proof of status [] ) 1.80 for all shows before 5.30pm .

Those places that provide quality standards significantly higher than those required for a simple classification will be able to display the terms Approved , Commended or Highly Commended .
those places that provide quality standards significantly higher than those [] for a simple classification will be able to display the terms approved , commended or highly commended .

Something more than emergency rations are required in a country where 80 % of children under the age of five suffer from malnutrition .
something more than emergency rations are [] in a country where 80 % of children under the age of five suffer from malnutrition .

Phasing out required a gradual reduction  at least 100 ccs less ,  Doctor Staples said .
phasing out [] a gradual reduction  at least 100 ccs less ,  doctor staples said .

There was already a rather perfunctory air to the Queen 's visit three years ago , as if it were just a required coda to her tour of China .
there was already a rather perfunctory air to the queen 's visit three years ago , as if it were just a [] coda to her tour of china .

They use the stoving technique , where the bath is put through the ovens at a controlled temperature , lower than that required for vitreous enamelling and so less damaging to old baths .
they use the stoving technique , where the bath is put through the ovens at a controlled temperature , lower than that [] for vitreous enamelling and so less damaging to old baths .

But perhaps public agitation will , in the end , be the catalyst required to neutralise the threat .
but perhaps public agitation will , in the end , be the catalyst [] to neutralise the threat .

Come now , a little imagination and subtle poaching of the ideas of Country Living 's more affluent readers is all that is required .
come now , a little imagination and subtle poaching of the ideas of country living 's more affluent readers is all that is [] .

To answer this kind of question , detailed measurements of physiological or biochemical processes are required .
to answer this kind of question , detailed measurements of physiological or biochemical processes are [] .

One advantage of such a site , however , is that samples of blood and urine that are required for analysis of rhythms are readily refrigerated so that deterioration is less of a problem than in other environments .
one advantage of such a site , however , is that samples of blood and urine that are [] for analysis of rhythms are readily refrigerated so that deterioration is less of a problem than in other environments .

Can the body perform physical work equally well at all times of the 24 hours ? Consider the biochemical and physiological changes that are required to exercise efficiently .
can the body perform physical work equally well at all times of the 24 hours ? consider the biochemical and physiological changes that are [] to exercise efficiently .

 An effective means of increasing heat loss from the body is required .
 an effective means of increasing heat loss from the body is [] .

In the evening , body temperature is being reduced and so tends to be slightly higher than required .
in the evening , body temperature is being reduced and so tends to be slightly higher than [] .

In the morning , body temperature is being raised and so it tends to be slightly lower than required .
in the morning , body temperature is being raised and so it tends to be slightly lower than [] .

That is , short-term memories are often required to be forgotten .
that is , short-term memories are often [] to be forgotten .

Clearly some sensory input is necessary , but this and the amount of thought required are rather small in comparison with the motor response required .
clearly some sensory input is necessary , but this and the amount of thought [] are rather small in comparison with the motor response [] .

Due to the very nature of vigilance , the tests to measure it must take much longer than is required for the other tests above .
due to the very nature of vigilance , the tests to measure it must take much longer than is [] for the other tests above .

for example , in one test subjects are required to insert ball-bearings into holes in a cylinder ; the holes are of slightly different sizes ; the ball-bearings are of slightly different sizes ; and the cylinder is revolving .
for example , in one test subjects are [] to insert ball-bearings into holes in a cylinder ; the holes are of slightly different sizes ; the ball-bearings are of slightly different sizes ; and the cylinder is revolving .

 Several tasks are required to be performed simultaneously and the subject is required to distribute his time between them as efficiently as possible .
 several tasks are [] to be performed simultaneously and the subject is [] to distribute his time between them as efficiently as possible .

At times , it seems to those taking part to resemble a bad dream as they are required to be vigilant in spite of distractions elsewhere caused by other unfinished tasks !
at times , it seems to those taking part to resemble a bad dream as they are [] to be vigilant in spite of distractions elsewhere caused by other unfinished tasks !

The cost of buying equipment and the requirement of skilled personnel to maintain and run it can make its use in the repeated assessments which are required for measuring rhythms prohibitively expensive .
the cost of buying equipment and the requirement of skilled personnel to maintain and run it can make its use in the repeated assessments which are [] for measuring rhythms prohibitively expensive .

How many tests required ?
how many tests [] ?

At least 20 sessions , spread over several days , are required to remove the major effects of practice .
at least 20 sessions , spread over several days , are [] to remove the major effects of practice .

So , if you plan to measure performance at 8 times of day , then 40 complete test sessions , in addition to the practice sessions , will be required .
so , if you plan to measure performance at 8 times of day , then 40 complete test sessions , in addition to the practice sessions , will be [] .

Even though biological factors such as the state of hydration of the body will indicate that some food or fluid intake is required , the size and type of meal are likely to be determined also by habit and life-style .
even though biological factors such as the state of hydration of the body will indicate that some food or fluid intake is [] , the size and type of meal are likely to be determined also by habit and life-style .

Responses to the environment are still required , of course , because the body clock is not a perfect timekeeper and , anyway , environments can not be predicted precisely  the tide can be higher , food abnormally scarce , or the day more cloudy so darkness comes earlier .
responses to the environment are still [] , of course , because the body clock is not a perfect timekeeper and , anyway , environments can not be predicted precisely  the tide can be higher , food abnormally scarce , or the day more cloudy so darkness comes earlier .

Both mechanisms  that due to the clock and that due to the environment  are required by a living organism , and our previous discussion of the roles of the environment , as an external cause of a rhythm as well as a Zeitgeber giving time-cues to adjust the body clock , shows how intimate their combination is under normal circumstances .
both mechanisms  that due to the clock and that due to the environment  are [] by a living organism , and our previous discussion of the roles of the environment , as an external cause of a rhythm as well as a zeitgeber giving time-cues to adjust the body clock , shows how intimate their combination is under normal circumstances .

His body clock free-ran so that on occasions he was the victim of a clash between an internal cause  which thought it was night and wanted him to sleep  and an external cause , society  which required him to work in the ( real ) daytime .
his body clock free-ran so that on occasions he was the victim of a clash between an internal cause  which thought it was night and wanted him to sleep  and an external cause , society  which [] him to work in the ( real ) daytime .

Our body clock has adjusted readily enough to the delay in our life-style at the weekend ( remember that the free-running period is more than 24 hours ) , but is less easily advanced , as is required , on Sunday night and Monday morning ( see Chapter 2 ) .
our body clock has adjusted readily enough to the delay in our life-style at the weekend ( remember that the free-running period is more than 24 hours ) , but is less easily advanced , as is [] , on sunday night and monday morning ( see chapter 2 ) .

The idea arose that in healthy subjects there is a  critical period  early in the morning ( but after we have woken up ) when light is  required  by the body .
the idea arose that in healthy subjects there is a  critical period  early in the morning ( but after we have woken up ) when light is  []  by the body .

It can be seen that this very advantage now becomes disadvantageous after a time-zone transition when an adjustment of our body to new local time is required .
it can be seen that this very advantage now becomes disadvantageous after a time-zone transition when an adjustment of our body to new local time is [] .

If required , the facility to take a good sleep can be a great advantage over having to try to nap in your seat .
if [] , the facility to take a good sleep can be a great advantage over having to try to nap in your seat .

Clearly , if you are required to take medications , the instructions  first thing in the morning  or  with meals  will involve some irregularity after a time-zone transition and change of routine have taken place .
clearly , if you are [] to take medications , the instructions  first thing in the morning  or  with meals  will involve some irregularity after a time-zone transition and change of routine have taken place .

That required money .
that [] money .

It also suggested that legislation should be brought in that required planners , designers and architects to consider future health and safety needs at the initial design stage .
it also suggested that legislation should be brought in that [] planners , designers and architects to consider future health and safety needs at the initial design stage .

In the old days , travel agents looked after their customers by finding them the best-value hotels at the required destination .
in the old days , travel agents looked after their customers by finding them the best-value hotels at the [] destination .

In the meantime , businesses must understand the requirements of the legislation , implement suitable management controls to maintain the required standards , and review their insurance and their use of external support services  which can be cost-effective investments in the event of crisis .
in the meantime , businesses must understand the requirements of the legislation , implement suitable management controls to maintain the [] standards , and review their insurance and their use of external support services  which can be cost-effective investments in the event of crisis .

Ms Smillie said organisers of training courses often complained that hotels were inflexible towards meal times , unaware of the needs of training and rarely offered the standards of presentation and technology required .
ms smillie said organisers of training courses often complained that hotels were inflexible towards meal times , unaware of the needs of training and rarely offered the standards of presentation and technology [] .

The guide features contact names and addresses of lenders ; information lenders required from potential borrowers ; lending criteria ; details of special schemes and an index showing which lenders are active in 70 business sectors .
the guide features contact names and addresses of lenders ; information lenders [] from potential borrowers ; lending criteria ; details of special schemes and an index showing which lenders are active in 70 business sectors .

 Interest on borrowed money has been greater than profitability which required further funding by the banks .
 interest on borrowed money has been greater than profitability which [] further funding by the banks .

This means that if , for example , the cooking cycle is programmed for two-and-a-half minutes at a required temperature the machine will adjust to compensate for the fall in temperature which occurs when a frozen or chilled food will have been cooked for two-and-a-half minutes at the correct temperature .
this means that if , for example , the cooking cycle is programmed for two-and-a-half minutes at a [] temperature the machine will adjust to compensate for the fall in temperature which occurs when a frozen or chilled food will have been cooked for two-and-a-half minutes at the correct temperature .

Where such decay is well advanced , complete replacement of the roof cladding with a boarded , counterbattened and battened construction , including underslating felt and a new slated surface , may be required .
where such decay is well advanced , complete replacement of the roof cladding with a boarded , counterbattened and battened construction , including underslating felt and a new slated surface , may be [] .

Because iron structural members were used in circumstances where great strength was required , it is very unlikely that serious defects , such as could affect timber or masonry before they become unsafe , can arise without causing collapse .
because iron structural members were used in circumstances where great strength was [] , it is very unlikely that serious defects , such as could affect timber or masonry before they become unsafe , can arise without causing collapse .

The required accommodation was a residence for a family of five and the new owner requested that the living accommodation should be on the first floor to take advantage of the splendid views to the west over the Cherwell Valley .
the [] accommodation was a residence for a family of five and the new owner requested that the living accommodation should be on the first floor to take advantage of the splendid views to the west over the cherwell valley .

Considerable dexterity is required to lower and raise a cowl .
considerable dexterity is [] to lower and raise a cowl .

It is quite normal for a cowl to weigh 200kg ( 31st ) and extend to 4.5m ( 15ft ) in height with a diameter of 1.8m ( 6ft ) at its base , and four men are required to manoeuvre it .
it is quite normal for a cowl to weigh 200kg ( 31st ) and extend to 4.5m ( 15ft ) in height with a diameter of 1.8m ( 6ft ) at its base , and four men are [] to manoeuvre it .

The Church Commissioners have the right to declare a particular use as being unsuitable , and the Advisory Board is required to approve or withhold approval of the proposed adaptation .
the church commissioners have the right to declare a particular use as being unsuitable , and the advisory board is [] to approve or withhold approval of the proposed adaptation .

For instance , two potters who share a unit required ground-floor premises to accommodate their heavy kiln and to allow easy access from the street for the delivery of materials .
for instance , two potters who share a unit [] ground-floor premises to accommodate their heavy kiln and to allow easy access from the street for the delivery of materials .

It was brought by the customers when required for use rather than all at once so that large-scale storage was not needed at the mills .
it was brought by the customers when [] for use rather than all at once so that large-scale storage was not needed at the mills .

Both windmills and watermills were built taller or larger to accommodate additional machinery and grain storage space , and an extra floor was often provided above the rest of the accommodation so that grain could be emptied into bulk storage bins and led through spouts to millstones as required .
both windmills and watermills were built taller or larger to accommodate additional machinery and grain storage space , and an extra floor was often provided above the rest of the accommodation so that grain could be emptied into bulk storage bins and led through spouts to millstones as [] .

The partitions contain sound insulation and thermal insulation to the level required for inclusion of projects in the Electricity Board 's Civic Shield Award Scheme .
the partitions contain sound insulation and thermal insulation to the level [] for inclusion of projects in the electricity board 's civic shield award scheme .

He was then required to go down to the ranges to practise shooting with the 9 mm pistol .
he was then [] to go down to the ranges to practise shooting with the 9 mm pistol .

The platoon commanders shout their commands and the recruits manoeuvre into the required formations .
the platoon commanders shout their commands and the recruits manoeuvre into the [] formations .

Elsewhere in Catterick that day , another member of the team , Warrant Officer Dunston was busy ensuring that the enormous catering support required by the 1st Battalion The Green Howards for their tercentenary celebrations was running smoothly .
elsewhere in catterick that day , another member of the team , warrant officer dunston was busy ensuring that the enormous catering support [] by the 1st battalion the green howards for their tercentenary celebrations was running smoothly .

This required the destruction of the tanks that formed the tank guard .
this [] the destruction of the tanks that formed the tank guard .

The crew , moving rapidly yet almost soundlessly , carried out the few jobs required to convert the land vehicle to a boat , and within seconds the rigs slid rapidly into the dark water and powered away to swing out their ramps and couple together in twos and threes .
the crew , moving rapidly yet almost soundlessly , carried out the few jobs [] to convert the land vehicle to a boat , and within seconds the rigs slid rapidly into the dark water and powered away to swing out their ramps and couple together in twos and threes .

Account for the previous week , he is busy filling in the end-of-month returns required by Company Headquarters .
account for the previous week , he is busy filling in the end-of-month returns [] by company headquarters .

Having completed the very demanding annual Personal Weapons Test , each section member was required to run up a plank of wood to a window-frame , shoot at a target on the other side of the window , and then throw himself six feet down into a simulated building interior .
having completed the very demanding annual personal weapons test , each section member was [] to run up a plank of wood to a window-frame , shoot at a target on the other side of the window , and then throw himself six feet down into a simulated building interior .

The justices held Mrs Bujok was not required to ensure that the council were aware of the defective state of the property prior to laying the information .
the justices held mrs bujok was not [] to ensure that the council were aware of the defective state of the property prior to laying the information .

Effectively the sequence is that the person in default is told what is wrong and is required to put it right .
effectively the sequence is that the person in default is told what is wrong and is [] to put it right .

In the earliest stages , this required a fall working knowledge of the processes of Germanic philology and the history of sound-change , a branch of study which is extremely difficult to master .
in the earliest stages , this [] a fall working knowledge of the processes of germanic philology and the history of sound-change , a branch of study which is extremely difficult to master .

Receive ( if required ) a list of professional dressmakers who are working in your area .
receive ( if [] ) a list of professional dressmakers who are working in your area .

Or producers have not been sufficiently provocative and challenging in their discussions with screenwriters , failing to generate the levels of energy required to maximize a script 's possibilities .
or producers have not been sufficiently provocative and challenging in their discussions with screenwriters , failing to generate the levels of energy [] to maximize a script 's possibilities .

But there was little understanding at the time of how much work was required to develop high-quality screenplays .
but there was little understanding at the time of how much work was [] to develop high-quality screenplays .

If neither Herbert Wilcox , Michael Balcon nor Victor Saville started off with much in the way of imaginative flair , they did at least know what was required to build successful enterprises .
if neither herbert wilcox , michael balcon nor victor saville started off with much in the way of imaginative flair , they did at least know what was [] to build successful enterprises .

The strategy worked in both cases , and the producers were able to turn their initial successes into the resilience required to survive the setbacks that followed .
the strategy worked in both cases , and the producers were able to turn their initial successes into the resilience [] to survive the setbacks that followed .

Much more commercial calculation was required to justify the cost of these pictures : The Man Who Worked Miracles came in at 133,000 ; Things to Come at 241,000 .
much more commercial calculation was [] to justify the cost of these pictures : the man who worked miracles came in at 133,000 ; things to come at 241,000 .

All he required was the luxury of silence and a nearly empty room .
all he [] was the luxury of silence and a nearly empty room .

They first extracted a written guarantee of good conduct from her uncle and aunt , who are now required to pay for the medical treatment which , if successful , will allow the woman to return to prison .
they first extracted a written guarantee of good conduct from her uncle and aunt , who are now [] to pay for the medical treatment which , if successful , will allow the woman to return to prison .

Well-qualified full-time Youth Co-ordinator required who can offer theological resources and educational/training/youth leadership experience .
well-qualified full-time youth co-ordinator [] who can offer theological resources and educational/training/youth leadership experience .

This is required by law a ) to maintain the private status of the ground , b ) to preserve the Vicar 's freehold rights of ownership ( and those of his successors ) and c ) to prevent the creation of a Right of Way through the grounds .
this is [] by law a ) to maintain the private status of the ground , b ) to preserve the vicar 's freehold rights of ownership ( and those of his successors ) and c ) to prevent the creation of a right of way through the grounds .

It required from the pianist an unbelievable independence of hands and fingers , so that unevenly spread accents and criss-crossing figurations appeared to drop into place without obvious effort .
it [] from the pianist an unbelievable independence of hands and fingers , so that unevenly spread accents and criss-crossing figurations appeared to drop into place without obvious effort .

The emphasis on athleticism , power play , sustained long-ball assaults , blitzkrieg , has bred a proliferation of muscular but blunderingly naive defenders who appear to be alarmingly , untidily vulnerable when required to cope with more subtle forms of attack ; show them dribblers , runners with the ball or an incisive exchange of sharp passes , and panic sets in .
the emphasis on athleticism , power play , sustained long-ball assaults , blitzkrieg , has bred a proliferation of muscular but blunderingly naive defenders who appear to be alarmingly , untidily vulnerable when [] to cope with more subtle forms of attack ; show them dribblers , runners with the ball or an incisive exchange of sharp passes , and panic sets in .

At the time , Eurotunnel said the contracts had been placed on the assumption passengers would stay with cars , but that the rolling stock could be altered , if required , by the Safety Authority .
at the time , eurotunnel said the contracts had been placed on the assumption passengers would stay with cars , but that the rolling stock could be altered , if [] , by the safety authority .

Political persuasion was required to keep up the political momentum , and given the changing age profile of the electorate  many of whom had not been adults a decade ago  Sir Geoffrey warned :  We 've got to choose the style to match the mood of Britain . 
political persuasion was [] to keep up the political momentum , and given the changing age profile of the electorate  many of whom had not been adults a decade ago  sir geoffrey warned :  we 've got to choose the style to match the mood of britain . 

Its problems are too deep rooted and a more radical refocusing is required before it can return to its more traditional profits growth pattern .
its problems are too deep rooted and a more radical refocusing is [] before it can return to its more traditional profits growth pattern .

However , the sophisticated technology required for rapidresponse policing can sometimes be found wanting in Easton .
however , the sophisticated technology [] for rapidresponse policing can sometimes be found wanting in easton .

With no might duty neighbourhood police usually avoid loitering youths , drunks , and other might people , something which at least one complained about , leaving these categories to the section or reserve police who possess in less proportion the skills required for effective community policing .
with no might duty neighbourhood police usually avoid loitering youths , drunks , and other might people , something which at least one complained about , leaving these categories to the section or reserve police who possess in less proportion the skills [] for effective community policing .

Unfortunately no situations arose during field-work where the neighbourhood police were required to use these secondary recipes , although one did state how sympathetic he felt towards adolescents in parts of Easton because  they do n't stand a chance  there , a feeling which easily translates into sympathetic handling of situations in which youths are involved .
unfortunately no situations arose during field-work where the neighbourhood police were [] to use these secondary recipes , although one did state how sympathetic he felt towards adolescents in parts of easton because  they do n't stand a chance  there , a feeling which easily translates into sympathetic handling of situations in which youths are involved .

For this she required the 1m which was awarded her .
for this she [] the 1m which was awarded her .

Although section 25 , as re-enacted , no longer required the court to attempt to place the parties in the financial position they would have been in had the marriage not broken down , it did not , in her Ladyship 's judgment , circumscribe the court 's discretion so as to limit it to providing for the wife to become self-sufficient .
although section 25 , as re-enacted , no longer [] the court to attempt to place the parties in the financial position they would have been in had the marriage not broken down , it did not , in her ladyship 's judgment , circumscribe the court 's discretion so as to limit it to providing for the wife to become self-sufficient .

All breeding and laying flocks have to be registered and are required to undertake extensive testing for salmonella at every stage of the hens ' lives .
all breeding and laying flocks have to be registered and are [] to undertake extensive testing for salmonella at every stage of the hens ' lives .

The gallery has its lighter side to arouse the interests of children  the  smellerama  to test their sense of smell and relate it to certain types of food , the  food pyramid  to test their ability to build a healthy diet , and an  aerobicycle  which will demonstrate the amount of exertion required to burn off a given number of calories .
the gallery has its lighter side to arouse the interests of children  the  smellerama  to test their sense of smell and relate it to certain types of food , the  food pyramid  to test their ability to build a healthy diet , and an  aerobicycle  which will demonstrate the amount of exertion [] to burn off a given number of calories .

Extending the requirement for leave to appeal It was to be hoped that in the context of forthcoming legislation , consideration would be given to extending the requirement for leave to appeal across the board , both because there was no justification for allowing any appeal to proceed if it had no prospect of success and because the present dividing lines between those in which leave was required and those in which it was not , was quite illogical .
extending the requirement for leave to appeal it was to be hoped that in the context of forthcoming legislation , consideration would be given to extending the requirement for leave to appeal across the board , both because there was no justification for allowing any appeal to proceed if it had no prospect of success and because the present dividing lines between those in which leave was [] and those in which it was not , was quite illogical .

Emma Nicholson 's Private Member 's Bill against hackers , which failed to make the grade in the last session of Parliament , required anyone who entered a computer to his or anyone else 's advantage , or to another 's prejudice , to be charged with a serious offence , with a maximum penalty of 10 years .
emma nicholson 's private member 's bill against hackers , which failed to make the grade in the last session of parliament , [] anyone who entered a computer to his or anyone else 's advantage , or to another 's prejudice , to be charged with a serious offence , with a maximum penalty of 10 years .

If the appeal is lost you will have to take the steps required in the enforcement notice .
if the appeal is lost you will have to take the steps [] in the enforcement notice .

In 1986 a law was passed that required donations to be valued at cost rather than an invented  appreciated  value for tax purposes  though only in cases where the deductions would reduce the donor 's tax bill to zero .
in 1986 a law was passed that [] donations to be valued at cost rather than an invented  appreciated  value for tax purposes  though only in cases where the deductions would reduce the donor 's tax bill to zero .

The Tories were heading for disaster if they continued to delude themselves that only a little fine tuning of presentation was required to secure a fourth consecutive general election victory .
the tories were heading for disaster if they continued to delude themselves that only a little fine tuning of presentation was [] to secure a fourth consecutive general election victory .

The imperatives of competitive politics required that you ran flat-out from the start .
the imperatives of competitive politics [] that you ran flat-out from the start .

On safety , Eurotunnel 's latest report states : The extended series of studies and tests required to support our proposals for non-segregation of passengers and their vehicles have continued .
on safety , eurotunnel 's latest report states : the extended series of studies and tests [] to support our proposals for non-segregation of passengers and their vehicles have continued .

At the end of the four and half hour inquest the cricket sub-committee was asked to re-define the role of captain and chief coach , to consider whether it required a team manger and ordered to report back on 28 November when , presumably , a decision will also be made on the captaincy for next season .
at the end of the four and half hour inquest the cricket sub-committee was asked to re-define the role of captain and chief coach , to consider whether it [] a team manger and ordered to report back on 28 november when , presumably , a decision will also be made on the captaincy for next season .

 It is an offence , Cameron , to withhold information required in a due process of law .
 it is an offence , cameron , to withhold information [] in a due process of law .

An informant is not required to register a death which is the subject of a coroner 's inquest , but the coroner 's officer may inform the relatives when the coroner has issued his inquest certificate to the registrar so that the relatives can obtain any death certificates from the registrar .
an informant is not [] to register a death which is the subject of a coroner 's inquest , but the coroner 's officer may inform the relatives when the coroner has issued his inquest certificate to the registrar so that the relatives can obtain any death certificates from the registrar .

The information required will be  the full names of the ceased person , and any other names that they have been known by , including the maiden surname of a woman who has been married ; their date and place of birth ; their recent occupation , and their husband 's full name and occupation , if the person who has died was a married woman .
the information [] will be  the full names of the ceased person , and any other names that they have been known by , including the maiden surname of a woman who has been married ; their date and place of birth ; their recent occupation , and their husband 's full name and occupation , if the person who has died was a married woman .

If not all these services are required , the bill should be reduced .
if not all these services are [] , the bill should be reduced .

If the minister of religion is required to conduct a service , the family or funeral director arrange this .
if the minister of religion is [] to conduct a service , the family or funeral director arrange this .

Entry is free , no membership is required , and it is open to any adult to enter , be served a drink and relax .
entry is free , no membership is [] , and it is open to any adult to enter , be served a drink and relax .

And one of the main advantages of these very compressed and arduous courses is that they give students approaching drama school entry an opportunity of seeing what will be required of them should they gain a place at drama school .
and one of the main advantages of these very compressed and arduous courses is that they give students approaching drama school entry an opportunity of seeing what will be [] of them should they gain a place at drama school .

( Monday to Friday ) , giving a taste of the kind of stamina that will ultimately be required over a much longer period .
( monday to friday ) , giving a taste of the kind of stamina that will ultimately be [] over a much longer period .

Anyone can participate in summer schools , as no auditions are required , only completion of an application form .
anyone can participate in summer schools , as no auditions are [] , only completion of an application form .

Undoubtedly one of the best ways the overseas student has of seeing what is required in British theatre training is to apply for one of the summer schools offered by the drama schools , and find out what it 's all about before committing him- or herself to a long and expensive stay .
undoubtedly one of the best ways the overseas student has of seeing what is [] in british theatre training is to apply for one of the summer schools offered by the drama schools , and find out what it 's all about before committing him- or herself to a long and expensive stay .

They compared the performance of two patients on a lip-reading task and on a task which required analysis of facial expression .
they compared the performance of two patients on a lip-reading task and on a task which [] analysis of facial expression .

If the nervous system , therefore , owes the richness of the experiences which its activity embodies to the complexity of its codes , it must , ultimately owe its consciousness  to consciousness ; for this will be required ultimately to turn its codes into complex experienced meanings , into experiences .
if the nervous system , therefore , owes the richness of the experiences which its activity embodies to the complexity of its codes , it must , ultimately owe its consciousness  to consciousness ; for this will be [] ultimately to turn its codes into complex experienced meanings , into experiences .

This is severe and treatment is urgently required .
this is severe and treatment is urgently [] .

Normally 33 is the minimum required .
normally 33 is the minimum [] .

The manufacturer will be able to provide you with a plan , an estimate and details of building and electrical work required .
the manufacturer will be able to provide you with a plan , an estimate and details of building and electrical work [] .

For the more expensive models , a downpayment is required at the start of the scheme , but it is still possible to obtain a car with little or no downpayment with the hire charges being met entirely by the mobility allowance .
for the more expensive models , a downpayment is [] at the start of the scheme , but it is still possible to obtain a car with little or no downpayment with the hire charges being met entirely by the mobility allowance .

Harvest before the frost , and store in a cool place until required .
harvest before the frost , and store in a cool place until [] .

Continue to pot on as required into larger pots .
continue to pot on as [] into larger pots .

Leave to mature and ripen on the plant for fruits to change colour as required .
leave to mature and ripen on the plant for fruits to change colour as [] .

Once established , hedges need routine clipping according to species and the level of precision required .
once established , hedges need routine clipping according to species and the level of precision [] .

However , in a strong wind several tyres are required to stop the into-wind wing lifting up .
however , in a strong wind several tyres are [] to stop the into-wind wing lifting up .

The exact movements required will vary depending on the amount of acceleration .
the exact movements [] will vary depending on the amount of acceleration .

If every type of glider required a different recovery there would be the risk of a pilot using the wrong method for the type of aircraft .
if every type of glider [] a different recovery there would be the risk of a pilot using the wrong method for the type of aircraft .

The slip is used just to get rid of the excess height so that less than full airbrake is required for the rest of the approach .
the slip is used just to get rid of the excess height so that less than full airbrake is [] for the rest of the approach .

With most gliders the attitude for the nose during the slip needs to be no higher than required to maintain the chosen approach speed .
with most gliders the attitude for the nose during the slip needs to be no higher than [] to maintain the chosen approach speed .

The plural is required for this multi-talented worker : his ground-floor music-room included a chair , a not over-expensive hi-fi unit with a modest collection of cassette tapes and a synthesiser ; in the corner stands one of his guitars .
the plural is [] for this multi-talented worker : his ground-floor music-room included a chair , a not over-expensive hi-fi unit with a modest collection of cassette tapes and a synthesiser ; in the corner stands one of his guitars .

Other aspects of his answers are equally interesting : he admits to not having won any prizes or scholarships , having apparently settled for doing what was required  that , and no more !
other aspects of his answers are equally interesting : he admits to not having won any prizes or scholarships , having apparently settled for doing what was []  that , and no more !

Finally , ensure that you bring the required documentation with you .
finally , ensure that you bring the [] documentation with you .

Here your training intensity is such that you are pushed to work for one minute , let alone the 20 required for aerobic training !
here your training intensity is such that you are pushed to work for one minute , let alone the 20 [] for aerobic training !

This , of course , is a generalisation ; you can withdraw a powerful kick where the opponent has impaled himself on it , because in this instance recoil gives you the required stability .
this , of course , is a generalisation ; you can withdraw a powerful kick where the opponent has impaled himself on it , because in this instance recoil gives you the [] stability .

On the one hand , force has been required to subordinate it , and , on the other , it has always threatened to outbreed protestant loyalists , an outcome which has only been avoided by catholic  nationalist migration over the past seventy years .
on the one hand , force has been [] to subordinate it , and , on the other , it has always threatened to outbreed protestant loyalists , an outcome which has only been avoided by catholic  nationalist migration over the past seventy years .

Since this clearly required an affirmative the constable nodded .
since this clearly [] an affirmative the constable nodded .

Drinks and snacks were required in the library .
drinks and snacks were [] in the library .

Recent information from former detainees , lawyers and human rights activists indicates that suspected political opponents of the government , including boys under 18 , have been detained in garde  vue well beyond the maximum 10-day period and without obtaining further authorization after four days as required by Tunisian law .
recent information from former detainees , lawyers and human rights activists indicates that suspected political opponents of the government , including boys under 18 , have been detained in garde  vue well beyond the maximum 10-day period and without obtaining further authorization after four days as [] by tunisian law .

It excludes the contributions made by individuals who finance the sending of telexes and telegrams as well as the funds required to support national sections .
it excludes the contributions made by individuals who finance the sending of telexes and telegrams as well as the funds [] to support national sections .

Hamadi Jebali was charged with defamation of a judicial institution under the Tunisian Press Code , under which prior authorization by the Ministry of Interior is required to publish any newspaper or periodical .
hamadi jebali was charged with defamation of a judicial institution under the tunisian press code , under which prior authorization by the ministry of interior is [] to publish any newspaper or periodical .

But this is not possible because it is necessary to approach each of these aspects differently to get the required results .
but this is not possible because it is necessary to approach each of these aspects differently to get the [] results .

At least 1 or 2 rest days will be required between training sessions .
at least 1 or 2 rest days will be [] between training sessions .

Once the carbohydrate has been consumed it is stored as glycogen in the muscles and stays there until it is required for energy .
once the carbohydrate has been consumed it is stored as glycogen in the muscles and stays there until it is [] for energy .

Rather an alternative and extra dimension to the observation is required if the deep structures and meaning inherent in any arbitrarily constructed social world are to be understood .
rather an alternative and extra dimension to the observation is [] if the deep structures and meaning inherent in any arbitrarily constructed social world are to be understood .

This role as observing participant reverses the emphasis of traditional fieldwork , so that the researcher is required to participate actively in the social life studied and thus consciously eliminate the distinction between the observer and the observed phenomena ( ibid .
this role as observing participant reverses the emphasis of traditional fieldwork , so that the researcher is [] to participate actively in the social life studied and thus consciously eliminate the distinction between the observer and the observed phenomena ( ibid .

Much of the work which is being undertaken is dependent on government funding and , of necessity , is required to provide material which fits current political philosophy .
much of the work which is being undertaken is dependent on government funding and , of necessity , is [] to provide material which fits current political philosophy .

In these cases a Senior Police Officer has  first read  of any papers and all other personnel involved have been required to enter into an undertaking to respect the security of the information .
in these cases a senior police officer has  first read  of any papers and all other personnel involved have been [] to enter into an undertaking to respect the security of the information .

At times it is even possible to lay out for examination the intense post-liminal rites and ceremonies of reincorporation required by the police institution as it seeks to draw the marginal mover back into the fold .
at times it is even possible to lay out for examination the intense post-liminal rites and ceremonies of reincorporation [] by the police institution as it seeks to draw the marginal mover back into the fold .

My own  anthropological history  in this liminoid phase became extended over eight years , until 1974 , and not only gave me time to reflect on many of the controls we were required to impose , but also to consider the nature of the social harm these unworldly folk devils and  drug fiends  were actually causing ; for established society has never really known how to handle the unworldly easily .
my own  anthropological history  in this liminoid phase became extended over eight years , until 1974 , and not only gave me time to reflect on many of the controls we were [] to impose , but also to consider the nature of the social harm these unworldly folk devils and  drug fiends  were actually causing ; for established society has never really known how to handle the unworldly easily .

For although it is constantly argued that the police represent and are drawn from the community they serve , the cultural style required in the body of the police officer inevitably sets him slightly apart from the  civvies  outside the institution , especially where such symbolic use of clothing and beards or hair is the province of the youthful innovator .
for although it is constantly argued that the police represent and are drawn from the community they serve , the cultural style [] in the body of the police officer inevitably sets him slightly apart from the  civvies  outside the institution , especially where such symbolic use of clothing and beards or hair is the province of the youthful innovator .

An inspector who came to Durham at the same time as myself to read Law and the Sociology of Law , found the latter course required a move to concepts outside normal police experience .
an inspector who came to durham at the same time as myself to read law and the sociology of law , found the latter course [] a move to concepts outside normal police experience .

Depending on its strength and the time required for it to reach maturity , a beer must stand for 12 to 48 hours before it can be drunk .
depending on its strength and the time [] for it to reach maturity , a beer must stand for 12 to 48 hours before it can be drunk .

What is required is a poetry which does not analyse or criticise , and is suitable for throngs and parades : we are in a situation where the self-portraits of the lyric author can be displayed like placards .
what is [] is a poetry which does not analyse or criticise , and is suitable for throngs and parades : we are in a situation where the self-portraits of the lyric author can be displayed like placards .

Fresh , unprepared potatoes are urgently required in the hotel , guesthouse and licensed restaurant sectors and there are also opportunities for supplying fresh , exotic mushrooms to the same sectors .
fresh , unprepared potatoes are urgently [] in the hotel , guesthouse and licensed restaurant sectors and there are also opportunities for supplying fresh , exotic mushrooms to the same sectors .

Pabulum Consultants ' Jennifer Rust comments :  Many companies will only invest in the minimum training required to get the system up and running ; it is not surprising in these cases that the systems are not being used to their full potential .
pabulum consultants ' jennifer rust comments :  many companies will only invest in the minimum training [] to get the system up and running ; it is not surprising in these cases that the systems are not being used to their full potential .

Telephone Management Systems customer care director Anne Nunn also speaks for many suppliers when she talks about the imbalance between the knowledge required of hotel staff and the time devoted to training them .
telephone management systems customer care director anne nunn also speaks for many suppliers when she talks about the imbalance between the knowledge [] of hotel staff and the time devoted to training them .

If you are lucky enough to obtain a Sear 's catalogue , or one offered by any number of American suppliers , you can give your card number and order what is required on the order form usually enclosed .
if you are lucky enough to obtain a sear 's catalogue , or one offered by any number of american suppliers , you can give your card number and order what is [] on the order form usually enclosed .

The completed bear , pressed into the beanbag model , gave a clue to the depth required to be cut from the block of timber for the beanbag .
the completed bear , pressed into the beanbag model , gave a clue to the depth [] to be cut from the block of timber for the beanbag .

My Gothic brackets required legs thicker than usual to correspond to stone pillars .
my gothic brackets [] legs thicker than usual to correspond to stone pillars .

Considerably greater downward pressure is required than for planing wood .
considerably greater downward pressure is [] than for planing wood .

When a more polished edge is required , follow the plane with fine wet and dry paper , used wet , on a wood block .
when a more polished edge is [] , follow the plane with fine wet and dry paper , used wet , on a wood block .

One of the great advantages of the clinic is that , unlike other outpatient departments , apart from the casualty department , no referral letter from a general practitioner is required .
one of the great advantages of the clinic is that , unlike other outpatient departments , apart from the casualty department , no referral letter from a general practitioner is [] .

When addresses are required , these are needed only in case the clinic discovers an important infection a day or so after the patient has left and needs to get in touch in a hurry .
when addresses are [] , these are needed only in case the clinic discovers an important infection a day or so after the patient has left and needs to get in touch in a hurry .

The best records required more skill than just stompin ' around .
the best records [] more skill than just stompin ' around .

To dance to them throughout the night required a great deal of energy and agility .
to dance to them throughout the night [] a great deal of energy and agility .

'68  jeans either simply rolled up or cut off at required above-boot height  though some were worn instep length by some .
'68  jeans either simply rolled up or cut off at [] above-boot height  though some were worn instep length by some .

This meant that a decompression stop was not required and that these parameters would be stored in the memory , to be compensated for on the next dive .
this meant that a decompression stop was not [] and that these parameters would be stored in the memory , to be compensated for on the next dive .

Once again , no stops were required ( other than the usual safety stop at three metres ) and there was a feeling that this computer would have coped with far more strenuous dives with ease .
once again , no stops were [] ( other than the usual safety stop at three metres ) and there was a feeling that this computer would have coped with far more strenuous dives with ease .

If the remaining air time is less than the no-stop time required , the cylinder content display flashes air time .
if the remaining air time is less than the no-stop time [] , the cylinder content display flashes air time .

Since Pro-File is a data logger it can log parameters other than those required for it to function as a dive computer ( depth , temperature and air data as functions of time ) .
since pro-file is a data logger it can log parameters other than those [] for it to function as a dive computer ( depth , temperature and air data as functions of time ) .

Because of the caves ' varying depths , 25 minutes decompression was required before removing the two front mounted cylinders , and pushing them ahead through the 16 inch high Cobble Inlet passage .
because of the caves ' varying depths , 25 minutes decompression was [] before removing the two front mounted cylinders , and pushing them ahead through the 16 inch high cobble inlet passage .

They act as a standby for each other and can call the third diver if required .
they act as a standby for each other and can call the third diver if [] .

Remember , two club committee signatures are required for the nomination of Executive Secretary .
remember , two club committee signatures are [] for the nomination of executive secretary .

There are lock-up facilities for luggage not required during dives , although the charter company should let you leave things at their base .
there are lock-up facilities for luggage not [] during dives , although the charter company should let you leave things at their base .

All that is required is a little local clustering , of a sort that will naturally tend to arise in natural populations .
all that is [] is a little local clustering , of a sort that will naturally tend to arise in natural populations .

Significantly the individuals involved here tended to be frequent roostmates  they had every opportunity to interact with one another repeatedly , as is required for an Iterated Prisoner 's Dilemma .
significantly the individuals involved here tended to be frequent roostmates  they had every opportunity to interact with one another repeatedly , as is [] for an iterated prisoner 's dilemma .

Three basic points are fixed on a plaster model of the original and on the marble block , and the frame transferred back and forth from model to block , each point being marked by drilling a hole to the required depth .
three basic points are fixed on a plaster model of the original and on the marble block , and the frame transferred back and forth from model to block , each point being marked by drilling a hole to the [] depth .

For practical purposes a definition more precise than this is required .
for practical purposes a definition more precise than this is [] .

But in his lordship 's day , that room was regularly required , as was the long table that occupied it , to seat thirty or more guests for dinner ; in fact , the banqueting hall is so spacious that when necessity demanded it , further tables were added to the existing one to enable almost fifty to be seated .
but in his lordship 's day , that room was regularly [] , as was the long table that occupied it , to seat thirty or more guests for dinner ; in fact , the banqueting hall is so spacious that when necessity demanded it , further tables were added to the existing one to enable almost fifty to be seated .

The cheapest way to fatten beef is on grass , and for this rather special conditions are required .
the cheapest way to fatten beef is on grass , and for this rather special conditions are [] .

The price of bought-in feeding-stuffs and the capital required for intensive pig-keeping can be limiting if not prohibitive factors for a commercial smallholder .
the price of bought-in feeding-stuffs and the capital [] for intensive pig-keeping can be limiting if not prohibitive factors for a commercial smallholder .

The late Sir Robert McCarrison determined very clearly the qualities of food required for sound nutrition ; unadulterated food , unrefined food , fresh food , raw food .
the late sir robert mccarrison determined very clearly the qualities of food [] for sound nutrition ; unadulterated food , unrefined food , fresh food , raw food .

The adequate return of organic wastes to the soil through its own decaying vegetation , grazing animals , rotted farmyard manures , and the avoidance of continuous extractive cropping is the primary measure required to maintain fertility .
the adequate return of organic wastes to the soil through its own decaying vegetation , grazing animals , rotted farmyard manures , and the avoidance of continuous extractive cropping is the primary measure [] to maintain fertility .

An alternative source of nitrogen will be required to ensure a rapid buildup of bacteria and the complete breakdown of cellulose .
an alternative source of nitrogen will be [] to ensure a rapid buildup of bacteria and the complete breakdown of cellulose .

Single-strand fences will restrain cows ; two or three are required for calves , and electric netting or a multi-strand fence is needed to contain sheep .
single-strand fences will restrain cows ; two or three are [] for calves , and electric netting or a multi-strand fence is needed to contain sheep .

The harvesting of hay ( and cereals ) will be considered later ; it will suffice to say here that baling is not essential on a smallholding , and if required can be done by a contractor .
the harvesting of hay ( and cereals ) will be considered later ; it will suffice to say here that baling is not essential on a smallholding , and if [] can be done by a contractor .

By the late 1860s Vanderbilt required a station in New York which would be , in effect , his grand palace .
by the late 1860s vanderbilt [] a station in new york which would be , in effect , his grand palace .

But he did notice the growing financial difficulty of his parents  unlike his son in 1939 , he was required to be furnished with a top hat for use on Sundays .
but he did notice the growing financial difficulty of his parents  unlike his son in 1939 , he was [] to be furnished with a top hat for use on sundays .

Behind that lie the less easily quantifiable facts of the effects of war service in mingling classes and breaking attitudes , the powerful if vague sense that sacrifice and austerity required a matching improvement in the quality of life in a free society , and the experience of life under siege as contributing to a stronger sense of community and fraternity .
behind that lie the less easily quantifiable facts of the effects of war service in mingling classes and breaking attitudes , the powerful if vague sense that sacrifice and austerity [] a matching improvement in the quality of life in a free society , and the experience of life under siege as contributing to a stronger sense of community and fraternity .

The conduct of the War required fiscal policies sufficiently egalitarian to appease the conscience of even the most austere socialist .
the conduct of the war [] fiscal policies sufficiently egalitarian to appease the conscience of even the most austere socialist .

The danger , of course , was that the new schools would be little more than half-hearted extensions of the former senior elementary schools  by 1938 , 63.3 per cent of pupils beyond the age of eleven were in separate senior elementary schools and all that was at first formally required was that such schools should change their labels .
the danger , of course , was that the new schools would be little more than half-hearted extensions of the former senior elementary schools  by 1938 , 63.3 per cent of pupils beyond the age of eleven were in separate senior elementary schools and all that was at first formally [] was that such schools should change their labels .

What was done to achieve this elusive parity of esteem which was required if the new schools were to be acceptable to parents and pupils ?
what was done to achieve this elusive parity of esteem which was [] if the new schools were to be acceptable to parents and pupils ?

The secondary technical schools anticipated in 1944 had not been created in significant numbers , and the modern schools were required to fill the gap .
the secondary technical schools anticipated in 1944 had not been created in significant numbers , and the modern schools were [] to fill the gap .

Regulations required the direct-grant schools to set aside , without fees , 25 per cent of their places for pupils who had completed two years in an elementary school .
regulations [] the direct-grant schools to set aside , without fees , 25 per cent of their places for pupils who had completed two years in an elementary school .

Indeed , the proper development of the system  to make it more selective and more efficient  required the defeat of the Labour party 's sentimental plans for comprehensive schools .
indeed , the proper development of the system  to make it more selective and more efficient  [] the defeat of the labour party 's sentimental plans for comprehensive schools .

Attention to the proper development of the grammar schools required some surprising changes : the payment of pupils to defeat the rival attractions of early employment , extra investment for able pupils in primary schools , the conversion of Public Schools into boarding grammar schools , more efficient testing and selecting , and ( since some talent would still be missed at the age of eleven , or developed later ) continuous and lifelong selection .
attention to the proper development of the grammar schools [] some surprising changes : the payment of pupils to defeat the rival attractions of early employment , extra investment for able pupils in primary schools , the conversion of public schools into boarding grammar schools , more efficient testing and selecting , and ( since some talent would still be missed at the age of eleven , or developed later ) continuous and lifelong selection .

Changes by either national or local government required the commitment of a major political party to the cause of wholesale reform .
changes by either national or local government [] the commitment of a major political party to the cause of wholesale reform .

These , then , were the books that became required reading for those who came to Cumberland Lodge to debate such issues .
these , then , were the books that became [] reading for those who came to cumberland lodge to debate such issues .

It is , in some ways , unfortunate that the massive structural reorganization that was required could not have been completed before being complicated by even more difficult and contentious issues .
it is , in some ways , unfortunate that the massive structural reorganization that was [] could not have been completed before being complicated by even more difficult and contentious issues .

This is an action requesting the court to require a minister  or local authority  to do what they are required to do by statute .
this is an action requesting the court to require a minister  or local authority  to do what they are [] to do by statute .

Second , be very wary of any type of action where you are likely to be required to give an undertaking on costs to the court .
second , be very wary of any type of action where you are likely to be [] to give an undertaking on costs to the court .

The establishment of English Heritage opened up the possibility of a second refuge for endangered houses , capable  at least in theory  of taking houses on without the massive endowments required by the National Trust .
the establishment of english heritage opened up the possibility of a second refuge for endangered houses , capable  at least in theory  of taking houses on without the massive endowments [] by the national trust .

The standards and safety measures now required for the care of the elderly and disabled mean that houses used , for example , as Cheshire Homes , can only be brought up to current standards at inordinate expense and involving radical alteration of the historic interiors .
the standards and safety measures now [] for the care of the elderly and disabled mean that houses used , for example , as cheshire homes , can only be brought up to current standards at inordinate expense and involving radical alteration of the historic interiors .

Under the redundancy procedures of the pastoral Measure , authorized by parliament , listed building consent is not required ; but a special procedure has been agreed with the Department of the Environment whereby a public inquiry will be held if the church is listed .
under the redundancy procedures of the pastoral measure , authorized by parliament , listed building consent is not [] ; but a special procedure has been agreed with the department of the environment whereby a public inquiry will be held if the church is listed .

The key point to bear in mind is that , even if a faculty is granted , listed building consent is also required for demolition .
the key point to bear in mind is that , even if a faculty is granted , listed building consent is also [] for demolition .

The position on partial demolition , however , remained uncertain after the House of Lords case , and by degrees various church bodies began to put forward proposals for partial demolition , in some cases leaving no more than a facade or church hall , arguing that , as part of the site was to remain in ecclesiastical use , no permission to demolish was required .
the position on partial demolition , however , remained uncertain after the house of lords case , and by degrees various church bodies began to put forward proposals for partial demolition , in some cases leaving no more than a facade or church hall , arguing that , as part of the site was to remain in ecclesiastical use , no permission to demolish was [] .

Unless they received an assurance , within twenty-one days , that the trustees of the church would not proceed until listed building consent had been obtained , our solicitors would seek leave of the Attorney General to bring proceedings for a declaration that listed building consent was required .
unless they received an assurance , within twenty-one days , that the trustees of the church would not proceed until listed building consent had been obtained , our solicitors would seek leave of the attorney general to bring proceedings for a declaration that listed building consent was [] .

Department of the Environment ministers announced that though they had been advised that the statue was part of the listed building , and that consent was therefore required for its removal , they none the less considered it was a chattel , and would not take enforcement action .
department of the environment ministers announced that though they had been advised that the statue was part of the listed building , and that consent was therefore [] for its removal , they none the less considered it was a chattel , and would not take enforcement action .

Camden Council required retention of the listed parts only , and , furthermore , would not agree to any offices on the site .
camden council [] retention of the listed parts only , and , furthermore , would not agree to any offices on the site .

media in which a required organisms will grow readily while unwanted contaminants fail either through lack of an essential nutrient or because something is present which stops them ) .
media in which a [] organisms will grow readily while unwanted contaminants fail either through lack of an essential nutrient or because something is present which stops them ) .

In the experiment of 25th May 1940 , the treatment of four mice with penicillin required a substantial fraction of all the material so far extracted .
in the experiment of 25th may 1940 , the treatment of four mice with penicillin [] a substantial fraction of all the material so far extracted .

Application of the principle of competitive antagonism ( see Chapter 8 ) to the discovery of new drugs required some knowledge of the essential metabolic pathways in the infecting organism .
application of the principle of competitive antagonism ( see chapter 8 ) to the discovery of new drugs [] some knowledge of the essential metabolic pathways in the infecting organism .

For a long time , too long in fact , this theory held the field , until improved analytical methods showed that various samples of nucleic acid did not have the exact constant proportions of the different bases required by Levene 's tetra-structure .
for a long time , too long in fact , this theory held the field , until improved analytical methods showed that various samples of nucleic acid did not have the exact constant proportions of the different bases [] by levene 's tetra-structure .

If a new substance produced unusual behaviour in a mouse or a rat , it was worth further study , but this approach required skilful observation and took time .
if a new substance produced unusual behaviour in a mouse or a rat , it was worth further study , but this approach [] skilful observation and took time .

Specialized apparatus , which formerly had been made for specific purposes in the laboratory where it was required , could be obtained from manufacturers of scientific instruments , saving much time and labour .
specialized apparatus , which formerly had been made for specific purposes in the laboratory where it was [] , could be obtained from manufacturers of scientific instruments , saving much time and labour .

Each breed has an index figure , which is equivalent to the number of dogs required to be actually exhibited ( not just entered ) , to gain a five point green star .
each breed has an index figure , which is equivalent to the number of dogs [] to be actually exhibited ( not just entered ) , to gain a five point green star .

Forty points are required for a champion and four of these green stars must be majors , which means they must have five points or more .
forty points are [] for a champion and four of these green stars must be majors , which means they must have five points or more .

The tasks we had set the Rottweiler have become lost and very rarely will you find a Rottweiler today herding cattle anywhere in the world , although most could still accomplish this task if required .
the tasks we had set the rottweiler have become lost and very rarely will you find a rottweiler today herding cattle anywhere in the world , although most could still accomplish this task if [] .

We have all seen , in the Breed Standards , certain definitions of what is required of Rottweiler character : self-confidence  high ; fearlessness  high ; sharpness  medium/low ; fighting instinct  high ; defensive instinct  very high ; hardness  high , tractability  medium .
we have all seen , in the breed standards , certain definitions of what is [] of rottweiler character : self-confidence  high ; fearlessness  high ; sharpness  medium/low ; fighting instinct  high ; defensive instinct  very high ; hardness  high , tractability  medium .

Whereas the pet Rottweiler living at home would require a low degree of sharpness , a Schutzhund dog or a dog who is required to guard a family home would need to have at least a medium degree of sharpness .
whereas the pet rottweiler living at home would require a low degree of sharpness , a schutzhund dog or a dog who is [] to guard a family home would need to have at least a medium degree of sharpness .

This is all that is required to have a really well-trained dog .
this is all that is [] to have a really well-trained dog .

The principles of training laid down by Stirling differed from those in the Commandos , where a group of volunteers , once recruited , were nursed up to the required standard .
the principles of training laid down by stirling differed from those in the commandos , where a group of volunteers , once recruited , were nursed up to the [] standard .

It is strongly recommended that after this operation the unit should be allowed to reform up to strength and be retrained as a parachute unit , and it should not be required to operate again before May .
it is strongly recommended that after this operation the unit should be allowed to reform up to strength and be retrained as a parachute unit , and it should not be [] to operate again before may .

One can of course see Colonel Airey 's point , although the fact remains that his Commando was unemployed at the time and Stirling was about to be required to undertake an important series of raids .
one can of course see colonel airey 's point , although the fact remains that his commando was unemployed at the time and stirling was about to be [] to undertake an important series of raids .

 Those who are to be returned to unit as unsuitable can come overland together with those who will be required to form a second squadron to operate in a later phase .
 those who are to be returned to unit as unsuitable can come overland together with those who will be [] to form a second squadron to operate in a later phase .

On 28 September , a planning meeting discussed the tasks that the Eighth Army required to be carried out .
on 28 september , a planning meeting discussed the tasks that the eighth army [] to be carried out .

And some of the painful medicine required  like plant closures and unemployment  will not appeal to the workers either .
and some of the painful medicine []  like plant closures and unemployment  will not appeal to the workers either .

These include calling in the fire brigade at the first sign of what they quaintly call  smouldering in senile machinery  and ejecting all the customers forthwith , and not opening stations if the required number of staff ( two on the smaller stations ) have failed to turn up .
these include calling in the fire brigade at the first sign of what they quaintly call  smouldering in senile machinery  and ejecting all the customers forthwith , and not opening stations if the [] number of staff ( two on the smaller stations ) have failed to turn up .

In 1975 he wrote his open letter to President Husak about the price that would have to be paid for delivering their country into the hands of an  entropic  regime which depended  solely on the ruling minority 's instinct of self-preservation and on the fear of the ruled majority  , a regime which positively required the suppression of truth and history for its surival .
in 1975 he wrote his open letter to president husak about the price that would have to be paid for delivering their country into the hands of an  entropic  regime which depended  solely on the ruling minority 's instinct of self-preservation and on the fear of the ruled majority  , a regime which positively [] the suppression of truth and history for its surival .

In its report , published yesterday , the advisory group on video-recorded evidence says no child witness in such cases should be required to appear in open court .
in its report , published yesterday , the advisory group on video-recorded evidence says no child witness in such cases should be [] to appear in open court .

The group , which includes a barrister , a law professor and representatives of the police and social services , also suggests that in rape and other sexual assault cases , judges should no longer be required to direct the jury about the danger of convicting the accused on the uncorroborated evidence of the alleged victim .
the group , which includes a barrister , a law professor and representatives of the police and social services , also suggests that in rape and other sexual assault cases , judges should no longer be [] to direct the jury about the danger of convicting the accused on the uncorroborated evidence of the alleged victim .

Interviews should comply with a statutory code of practice and the judge should be required to take account of the code in deciding whether to admit the video .
interviews should comply with a statutory code of practice and the judge should be [] to take account of the code in deciding whether to admit the video .

With each man in the top 10 required to play 11 championship events , competition for their services in world series tournaments will be fierce .
with each man in the top 10 [] to play 11 championship events , competition for their services in world series tournaments will be fierce .

It landed in the sand , hopping on to the upslope and , when Lyle got there , he knew he could hit it the required 140 yards to the pin .
it landed in the sand , hopping on to the upslope and , when lyle got there , he knew he could hit it the [] 140 yards to the pin .

At this stage no money is required  everything is free .
at this stage no money is []  everything is free .

Following the on-site inspection , the findings are analysed and the Surveyor prepares his written report , giving the purchaser a clear picture of the property 's condition and information of the important defects which will need immediate attention and those which may be required in the medium to long term .
following the on-site inspection , the findings are analysed and the surveyor prepares his written report , giving the purchaser a clear picture of the property 's condition and information of the important defects which will need immediate attention and those which may be [] in the medium to long term .

Adkin have sold properties by auction since the firm was established in 1793 and today our Property Auction Department is able to offer the specialist skills and advice required to value , market and dispose of assets by auction .
adkin have sold properties by auction since the firm was established in 1793 and today our property auction department is able to offer the specialist skills and advice [] to value , market and dispose of assets by auction .

Sales of individual properties can always be arranged if required .
sales of individual properties can always be arranged if [] .

It demands considerable skills to achieve the delicate balance required between the painted finish and the natural grain of the timber .
it demands considerable skills to achieve the delicate balance [] between the painted finish and the natural grain of the timber .

Besides those of proven wealth , the immigration laws only allow entry to specific categories of employees who are required to fill jobs which can not be filled by the existing labour force .
besides those of proven wealth , the immigration laws only allow entry to specific categories of employees who are [] to fill jobs which can not be filled by the existing labour force .

Third , before entering negotiations about contracts , purchasers will have to make an assessment of the services required to meet the health needs of their population .
third , before entering negotiations about contracts , purchasers will have to make an assessment of the services [] to meet the health needs of their population .

The skills required to carry out these tasks are in short supply , even though assessing health care needs and evaluating service effectiveness have long been the responsiblity of directors of public health and their predecessors .
the skills [] to carry out these tasks are in short supply , even though assessing health care needs and evaluating service effectiveness have long been the responsiblity of directors of public health and their predecessors .

The ruling United National Party does not have the two-thirds majority in parliament required to change the constitution .
the ruling united national party does not have the two-thirds majority in parliament [] to change the constitution .

The package will also include  special access courses  so that aspiring black recruits without the required educational qualifications can satisfy admissions board standards .
the package will also include  special access courses  so that aspiring black recruits without the [] educational qualifications can satisfy admissions board standards .

Factories will be required to obtain prior authorisation from Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Pollution to carry out industrial processes .
factories will be [] to obtain prior authorisation from her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution to carry out industrial processes .

Using lean production , the authors found the Japanese required just over half the engineering time , half the number of people , and only two-thirds the lead time as their European rivals to produce similar cars .
using lean production , the authors found the japanese [] just over half the engineering time , half the number of people , and only two-thirds the lead time as their european rivals to produce similar cars .

Recent work by Bartlett and Ghoshal suggests that a further stage in corporate development will be required by the successful companies of the 1990s .
recent work by bartlett and ghoshal suggests that a further stage in corporate development will be [] by the successful companies of the 1990s .

The subjects or areas for which information about a country is required will vary according to the specific needs of each individual company .
the subjects or areas for which information about a country is [] will vary according to the specific needs of each individual company .

How much investment is required in each country , and how much is the company willing to invest ?
how much investment is [] in each country , and how much is the company willing to invest ?

Moreover , there was a case for suggesting that the change of ministry in August required the endorsement of the electorate .
moreover , there was a case for suggesting that the change of ministry in august [] the endorsement of the electorate .

The Cabinet accepted the recommendation that a substantial British aircraft industry was required to hold off competition , and should be developed with more than just the Empire in mind ; also the premise that work on new aircraft should proceed under government direction , with the Treasury accepting responsibility for new types .
the cabinet accepted the recommendation that a substantial british aircraft industry was [] to hold off competition , and should be developed with more than just the empire in mind ; also the premise that work on new aircraft should proceed under government direction , with the treasury accepting responsibility for new types .

He can be tossed back into unemployment when he is no longer required .
he can be tossed back into unemployment when he is no longer [] .

As a result workers could be drawn from the Indian sub-continent whenever they were required by Britain .
as a result workers could be drawn from the indian sub-continent whenever they were [] by britain .

Aszal had all the documents required from a returning immigrant , but he was questioned for four hours and made to wait for four hours and then told he could go .
aszal had all the documents [] from a returning immigrant , but he was questioned for four hours and made to wait for four hours and then told he could go .

Cuckney does not believe that the qualities needed to be an effective chairman of a financial institution such as 3i ( Investors in Industry ) are that different to those required to oversee a manufacturing company .
cuckney does not believe that the qualities needed to be an effective chairman of a financial institution such as 3i ( investors in industry ) are that different to those [] to oversee a manufacturing company .

You 've got to balance the urgency of the situation against the patience required to do it .
you 've got to balance the urgency of the situation against the patience [] to do it .

But more importantly , as far as Roddick is concerned , each franchised outlet is required to take on a community project in its area , which she believes gives the young women in the organisation additional status and helps them to realise that everybody has the ability to change the world for the better .
but more importantly , as far as roddick is concerned , each franchised outlet is [] to take on a community project in its area , which she believes gives the young women in the organisation additional status and helps them to realise that everybody has the ability to change the world for the better .

At the earliest moment , local authorities should be required to submit a building programme for five or ten years to come , based upon a systematic plan to deal with slums and with acute overcrowding .
at the earliest moment , local authorities should be [] to submit a building programme for five or ten years to come , based upon a systematic plan to deal with slums and with acute overcrowding .

It therefore required no feat of prophecy to assert that long before the twentieth century was out , the United Kingdom would be a country without empire and not in the front rank in size and power , and yet that this would not be synonymous with disaster , dishonour or extinction .
it therefore [] no feat of prophecy to assert that long before the twentieth century was out , the united kingdom would be a country without empire and not in the front rank in size and power , and yet that this would not be synonymous with disaster , dishonour or extinction .

The greater part of the required prodnalog ( tax in kind ) had been collected , but several villages were fractious due to silly actions by some officials .
the greater part of the [] prodnalog ( tax in kind ) had been collected , but several villages were fractious due to silly actions by some officials .

Uezd and volost ' organs were required to report twice a month only to the guberniia , which sent a monthly summary to Moscow .
uezd and volost ' organs were [] to report twice a month only to the guberniia , which sent a monthly summary to moscow .

of railway track had been destroyed ; 8.6 million pudy of metal were required to repair them , but only 5.3 million could be produced .
of railway track had been destroyed ; 8.6 million pudy of metal were [] to repair them , but only 5.3 million could be produced .

Rachel was kinder and gentler towards her than she had ever been before ; but she also required Phoebe to take responsibility for the baby , to be a good mother , to take heed for the morrow .
rachel was kinder and gentler towards her than she had ever been before ; but she also [] phoebe to take responsibility for the baby , to be a good mother , to take heed for the morrow .

When it came to childraising , although they were libertarian towards the baby , they seemed conservative towards Phoebe 's needs : demand feeding and endless devotion seemed to be required of her .
when it came to childraising , although they were libertarian towards the baby , they seemed conservative towards phoebe 's needs : demand feeding and endless devotion seemed to be [] of her .

Maggie , who had never learned such useful arts from either of the women who had brought her up , had to be shown what was required , but soon the smooth rhythm of one woman winding and the other co-operating by swinging her hands in and out as the thread unwound , pleased and comforted her .
maggie , who had never learned such useful arts from either of the women who had brought her up , had to be shown what was [] , but soon the smooth rhythm of one woman winding and the other co-operating by swinging her hands in and out as the thread unwound , pleased and comforted her .

Further clarification might also be required as to how the Situationist negation of art ( and cinema ) related to the wider sphere of cultural-political struggle .
further clarification might also be [] as to how the situationist negation of art ( and cinema ) related to the wider sphere of cultural-political struggle .

Ideally , all that needs to be said can be said in an hour , and if you think the journalist is genuinely interested in your work , try to give him or her as much time as required  it is appreciated .
ideally , all that needs to be said can be said in an hour , and if you think the journalist is genuinely interested in your work , try to give him or her as much time as []  it is appreciated .

Unit sales required for :
unit sales [] for :

Unit sales required for :
unit sales [] for :

he or she is required to give a certain amount of notice .
he or she is [] to give a certain amount of notice .

The partnership agreement may deal with where the band 's joint bank account is held and how many signatures are required on the account to deal with the band 's finances .
the partnership agreement may deal with where the band 's joint bank account is held and how many signatures are [] on the account to deal with the band 's finances .

Finally , if the manager were to get into financial difficulties , and his or her creditors required payment , it should be clear that no money in this account belongs to the manager , and it can not be used to settle the manager 's personal debts .
finally , if the manager were to get into financial difficulties , and his or her creditors [] payment , it should be clear that no money in this account belongs to the manager , and it can not be used to settle the manager 's personal debts .

The most obvious is that a larger amount of time is required from the writer .
the most obvious is that a larger amount of time is [] from the writer .

As the accountant will , if required , help produce the annual accounts , he or she will want to ensure that adequate .
as the accountant will , if [] , help produce the annual accounts , he or she will want to ensure that adequate .

songs may have to be rewritten , particular studio engineers or producers may not be available when first required , band members may fall ill and the record company may delay the release of the album  until the market is right  .
songs may have to be rewritten , particular studio engineers or producers may not be available when first [] , band members may fall ill and the record company may delay the release of the album  until the market is right  .

Strategies for control have included the compulsory sale of 51 per cent of the share capital in the businesses nationalized by Tanzania 's Arusha Declaration in 1967 , the compulsory sale of the majority of share capital by all large companies in Nigeria from 1974 to 1977 , and the  creeping sale  of 20 per cent of issued share capital in the Ivory Coast required from 1975 onwards ( achieved by issuing new equity ) .
strategies for control have included the compulsory sale of 51 per cent of the share capital in the businesses nationalized by tanzania 's arusha declaration in 1967 , the compulsory sale of the majority of share capital by all large companies in nigeria from 1974 to 1977 , and the  creeping sale  of 20 per cent of issued share capital in the ivory coast [] from 1975 onwards ( achieved by issuing new equity ) .

The practices of livestock owners had not changed significantly with the spread of veterinary services and they too required more land .
the practices of livestock owners had not changed significantly with the spread of veterinary services and they too [] more land .

Unjustified financial risk could be incurred by using fertiliser in an area of erratic rainfall ; the labour required on cash crops could conflict with the labour required on food crops .
unjustified financial risk could be incurred by using fertiliser in an area of erratic rainfall ; the labour [] on cash crops could conflict with the labour [] on food crops .

This was in the context of a world trading system geared to the industrial needs of Europe : as these intensified , the required scale of production in Africa gave an overwhelming advantage to the Europeans , with their store of skills and technology .
this was in the context of a world trading system geared to the industrial needs of europe : as these intensified , the [] scale of production in africa gave an overwhelming advantage to the europeans , with their store of skills and technology .

The time span which is likely to be required for a generation of more effective large-scale entrepreneurs to evolve is considerable .
the time span which is likely to be [] for a generation of more effective large-scale entrepreneurs to evolve is considerable .

In livestock projects credit designed for fencing and water supplies has been channelled into domestic buildings , for which similar materials are required .
in livestock projects credit designed for fencing and water supplies has been channelled into domestic buildings , for which similar materials are [] .

There is , for example , the problem of matching finance in local currency , which governments are generally required to commit to each donor-assisted project .
there is , for example , the problem of matching finance in local currency , which governments are generally [] to commit to each donor-assisted project .

What sort of adaptations would be required ?
what sort of adaptations would be [] ?

Various recent legal enactments covering food safety and the environment have required the Catering Branch to set up continues review procedures .
various recent legal enactments covering food safety and the environment have [] the catering branch to set up continues review procedures .

But this cautious , adroit , enigmatic leader seemed for long to be very much what the nation and the times required .
but this cautious , adroit , enigmatic leader seemed for long to be very much what the nation and the times [] .

The most basic qualification which is generally required to work anywhere is the Mountain Leader Course ( summer award ) .
the most basic qualification which is generally [] to work anywhere is the mountain leader course ( summer award ) .

Even the breakaway  Northern Union  required rugby players to have a source of income outside of the game and paid them in principle for  broken time  .
even the breakaway  northern union  [] rugby players to have a source of income outside of the game and paid them in principle for  broken time  .

This was not done for players with less than ten years ' service and a longer period was usually required .
this was not done for players with less than ten years ' service and a longer period was usually [] .

The profession was extremely hard to break into and to maintain a very low weight required constant vigilance and self-discipline .
the profession was extremely hard to break into and to maintain a very low weight [] constant vigilance and self-discipline .

Archer was said to have become especially depressive when starving himself to make the required weight .
archer was said to have become especially depressive when starving himself to make the [] weight .

The photographs are required to form part of a static fashion show that will include a 10-set period dress display , comprising both photographs and mannequins .
the photographs are [] to form part of a static fashion show that will include a 10-set period dress display , comprising both photographs and mannequins .

Eliot stressed that his own opinion was that once these abstractions had developed in the course of several generations within a civilization they required either renewal or else replacement .
eliot stressed that his own opinion was that once these abstractions had developed in the course of several generations within a civilization they [] either renewal or else replacement .

On the grounds of preventing young workers ' wages rising to a level which might price them out of work it scrapped the 1946 Fair Wages Resolution , which required compliance with minimum wage standards for firms trying to secure government and other contracts .
on the grounds of preventing young workers ' wages rising to a level which might price them out of work it scrapped the 1946 fair wages resolution , which [] compliance with minimum wage standards for firms trying to secure government and other contracts .

The same Act also provided compensation for people unreasonably excluded or expelled from a union in a closed shop , and required that new closed shops in future should be approved by four-fifths of the workforce .
the same act also provided compensation for people unreasonably excluded or expelled from a union in a closed shop , and [] that new closed shops in future should be approved by four-fifths of the workforce .

It also required that industrial action be supported by union members in a pre-strike ballot if the union was to be exempt from civil action for damages arising from the dispute .
it also [] that industrial action be supported by union members in a pre-strike ballot if the union was to be exempt from civil action for damages arising from the dispute .

But influential politicians were still required to push the new policies .
but influential politicians were still [] to push the new policies .

By the mid-1970s collectivist policies and the constraints on government they represented were so deeply entrenched that a virtual counter-revolution was required .
by the mid-1970s collectivist policies and the constraints on government they represented were so deeply entrenched that a virtual counter-revolution was [] .

The mobilizing style has a greater appeal when there is dissatisfaction with the status quo and a feeling that new policies are required .
the mobilizing style has a greater appeal when there is dissatisfaction with the status quo and a feeling that new policies are [] .

Labour , with its well-entrenched factions , egalitarian values , myths about the sovereignty of the party Conference , and separation of powers between the National Executive , Conference , and parliamentary party , has required coalition building skills of a high order .
labour , with its well-entrenched factions , egalitarian values , myths about the sovereignty of the party conference , and separation of powers between the national executive , conference , and parliamentary party , has [] coalition building skills of a high order .

They thought that this required the abandonment of any directive or heroic leadership and the careful balancing of rival right and left political factions in the Cabinet .
they thought that this [] the abandonment of any directive or heroic leadership and the careful balancing of rival right and left political factions in the cabinet .

This will help you to record all the details required by law .
this will help you to record all the details [] by law .

Rochlin  feminizes  masculinity to just the degree required to rehabilitate it as the dominant term in the masculine/feminine binary , and he does this through the by now familiar move of positing homosexuality as the inadequate yet threatening third term .
rochlin  feminizes  masculinity to just the degree [] to rehabilitate it as the dominant term in the masculine/feminine binary , and he does this through the by now familiar move of positing homosexuality as the inadequate yet threatening third term .

Thus the male is required to identify with other males but he is not allowed to desire them ; indeed , identification with should actually preclude desire for .
thus the male is [] to identify with other males but he is not allowed to desire them ; indeed , identification with should actually preclude desire for .

To be sure , the characteristics of the transcendent self remain in play : to become what others saw him as being required great self-discipline  similar to spiritual exercises  ; eventually he aspires to a classical stoic independence of spirit , a kind of sainthood ( p. 146 ) .
to be sure , the characteristics of the transcendent self remain in play : to become what others saw him as being [] great self-discipline  similar to spiritual exercises  ; eventually he aspires to a classical stoic independence of spirit , a kind of sainthood ( p. 146 ) .

What is required in such a scenario is an insurrectionary appropriation so radical as to be also necessarily perverse : Fanon uses Hegel , Freud , and Sartre but in each case simultaneously contests and perverts fundamental principles of their thought .
what is [] in such a scenario is an insurrectionary appropriation so radical as to be also necessarily perverse : fanon uses hegel , freud , and sartre but in each case simultaneously contests and perverts fundamental principles of their thought .

Yet freedom for publishers does not guarantee the adequately informed public required by democratic theory ( Newton , 1988c ) .
yet freedom for publishers does not guarantee the adequately informed public [] by democratic theory ( newton , 1988c ) .

The press would be left to adopt whatever political positions it wished , but television would be required to adjust its coverage to ensure that television plus the press , taken together , were politically balanced .
the press would be left to adopt whatever political positions it wished , but television would be [] to adjust its coverage to ensure that television plus the press , taken together , were politically balanced .

This fundamental difference with the position of earlier radicals required theoretical analysis in two areas .
this fundamental difference with the position of earlier radicals [] theoretical analysis in two areas .

The same preliminary character is also found in the other task which Marx 's redefinition of the aim of social analysis required .
the same preliminary character is also found in the other task which marx 's redefinition of the aim of social analysis [] .

What Marx was trying to do in constructing the Asiatic system was to reconcile , on the one hand the reports of the strength of the village communities which characterized many of the accounts of Asian villages and which was manifested in their apparent ability to act organically , for example in the close co-operation and mutual reasonableness required in irrigated agriculture , and , on the other hand , a traditional view of the despotism of oriental rulers , a view which dominated European pictures of the Orient , at least since the time of Montesquieu .
what marx was trying to do in constructing the asiatic system was to reconcile , on the one hand the reports of the strength of the village communities which characterized many of the accounts of asian villages and which was manifested in their apparent ability to act organically , for example in the close co-operation and mutual reasonableness [] in irrigated agriculture , and , on the other hand , a traditional view of the despotism of oriental rulers , a view which dominated european pictures of the orient , at least since the time of montesquieu .

New , less polluting designs will be required for a cornucopia of products made or sold in the city , ranging from aerosol sprays to roll-on deodorants , and paints and varnishes .
new , less polluting designs will be [] for a cornucopia of products made or sold in the city , ranging from aerosol sprays to roll-on deodorants , and paints and varnishes .

Second meetings , as required by law , have been fixed for next month .
second meetings , as [] by law , have been fixed for next month .

But further heroics in extra time were beyond their weary limbs and so Stuart Pearce , the Forest captain required by England for next week 's World Cup tie in Poland , completed a victorious return from injury .
but further heroics in extra time were beyond their weary limbs and so stuart pearce , the forest captain [] by england for next week 's world cup tie in poland , completed a victorious return from injury .

That it is now required reading for the French Establishment and for anybody involved in business or education is a measure of how successfully it fulfilled its task without compromising a reputation for unbiased reporting .
that it is now [] reading for the french establishment and for anybody involved in business or education is a measure of how successfully it fulfilled its task without compromising a reputation for unbiased reporting .

Speed was required last night , and It 's Me won the 3,000 first prize by 0.98sec from Marie Edgar on Everest Sure Thing .
speed was [] last night , and it 's me won the 3,000 first prize by 0.98sec from marie edgar on everest sure thing .

Before the debate , Gerald Kaufman , the party 's foreign affairs spokesman , criticised the resolution for its imprecision in not giving a time scale , and for ambiguity in not defining the precise level of spending required .
before the debate , gerald kaufman , the party 's foreign affairs spokesman , criticised the resolution for its imprecision in not giving a time scale , and for ambiguity in not defining the precise level of spending [] .

Dulwich Picture Gallery No previous knowledge is required for a five-day course on Conservation , Care and Appreciation of Old Master Paintings ( 22-26 Jan and repeated 29 Jan-2 Feb 1990 ) .
dulwich picture gallery no previous knowledge is [] for a five-day course on conservation , care and appreciation of old master paintings ( 22-26 jan and repeated 29 jan-2 feb 1990 ) .

Even in book form , his novels have required the amused tolerance of colleagues .
even in book form , his novels have [] the amused tolerance of colleagues .

It is likely that the Government will not fully fund the required expansion in overall student numbers .
it is likely that the government will not fully fund the [] expansion in overall student numbers .

Pupils are required to write a biography of Herbert Whitley , the zoo 's founder , to give an account of the explorations of Christopher Columbus , Captain Cook and David Livingstone , to study a species of animal in depth and to produce an organised diary of their week .
pupils are [] to write a biography of herbert whitley , the zoo 's founder , to give an account of the explorations of christopher columbus , captain cook and david livingstone , to study a species of animal in depth and to produce an organised diary of their week .

It was Alexander , formerly of Barnet , who demanded the only save Steve Ogrizovic was required to make  a low shot from the edge of the area forcing the man-mountain goalkeeper to go down with a motion usually greeted with cries of  timber  .
it was alexander , formerly of barnet , who demanded the only save steve ogrizovic was [] to make  a low shot from the edge of the area forcing the man-mountain goalkeeper to go down with a motion usually greeted with cries of  timber  .

Nevertheless he will be required to introduce more variety into his boxing and before the end came there were once again serious doubts about his stamina .
nevertheless he will be [] to introduce more variety into his boxing and before the end came there were once again serious doubts about his stamina .

For some the spur may be that it would be more useful to be able to read the health and safety rules of the factory in which they work , or to be able to make sense of the words in the mail order catalogue in which they are required to shop .
for some the spur may be that it would be more useful to be able to read the health and safety rules of the factory in which they work , or to be able to make sense of the words in the mail order catalogue in which they are [] to shop .

The appeals required almost two years .
the appeals [] almost two years .

The workshop sessions at Highlander which had sought to clarify the types of information which were required led to the production of a coding sheet which research workers could fill in with the individual details , thereby ensuring both comprehensive coverage , and compatibility between researchers .
the workshop sessions at highlander which had sought to clarify the types of information which were [] led to the production of a coding sheet which research workers could fill in with the individual details , thereby ensuring both comprehensive coverage , and compatibility between researchers .

The plant is built around a modular system which means the reaction vessels can be used for various purposes and new parts can be added when required .
the plant is built around a modular system which means the reaction vessels can be used for various purposes and new parts can be added when [] .

To this end , the analytical department is designing on-line analysers , eg on-line gas chromatography , which can analyse products and intermediates in  real time  , and if part of the process does not attain the quality required the computer will work out the modifications needed before the process can continue .
to this end , the analytical department is designing on-line analysers , eg on-line gas chromatography , which can analyse products and intermediates in  real time  , and if part of the process does not attain the quality [] the computer will work out the modifications needed before the process can continue .

By separating the glycerides from more readily available fats and assembling them in the required proportions it was possible to match the physical properties of cocoa butter .
by separating the glycerides from more readily available fats and assembling them in the [] proportions it was possible to match the physical properties of cocoa butter .

by mineralising the compound only as a cometabolite , which means that the microorganisms require some other organic compounds for growth or to induce formation of the enzymes required for degradation of the target compound ; or
by mineralising the compound only as a cometabolite , which means that the microorganisms require some other organic compounds for growth or to induce formation of the enzymes [] for degradation of the target compound ; or

Addition of oxygen is often required to ensure that its concentration is not limiting ; typically , 3 lb of oxygen is required to degrade 1 lb of organics .
addition of oxygen is often [] to ensure that its concentration is not limiting ; typically , 3 lb of oxygen is [] to degrade 1 lb of organics .

These attenuation levels can be improved by using multiple injection points at the site , so that injected microorganisms or their progeny are not required to travel great distances in the subsurface .
these attenuation levels can be improved by using multiple injection points at the site , so that injected microorganisms or their progeny are not [] to travel great distances in the subsurface .

There are occasions when biological treatment can not effect satisfactory clean-up alone , because the target compounds are incredibly resistant to biodegradation ; the proper conditions  eg strict anaerobic conditions  can not be obtained ; or the concentrations of the target compounds are either at toxic levels or are below the minimum concentration required for substrates .
there are occasions when biological treatment can not effect satisfactory clean-up alone , because the target compounds are incredibly resistant to biodegradation ; the proper conditions  eg strict anaerobic conditions  can not be obtained ; or the concentrations of the target compounds are either at toxic levels or are below the minimum concentration [] for substrates .

Calculations enable reaction surface potentials to be explored to any degree of detail required .
calculations enable reaction surface potentials to be explored to any degree of detail [] .

Everyone who deals in chemical purchasing knows that in many cases , one is forced by prepackaging and stringent sales requirements to purchase substantially more of a given compound than is required .
everyone who deals in chemical purchasing knows that in many cases , one is forced by prepackaging and stringent sales requirements to purchase substantially more of a given compound than is [] .

With this scenario in mind , Janssen Chimica will provide exactly the quantity required and at no extra charge for special packaging .
with this scenario in mind , janssen chimica will provide exactly the quantity [] and at no extra charge for special packaging .

However , Miller only advised budding for less vigorous roses or where more than one variety was required on the same plant and then a compatible growth habit was essential .
however , miller only advised budding for less vigorous roses or where more than one variety was [] on the same plant and then a compatible growth habit was essential .

New initiatives were required by the Chairman , Treasurer and , above all , through the appointment of a new , vigorous District Secretary .
new initiatives were [] by the chairman , treasurer and , above all , through the appointment of a new , vigorous district secretary .

It also suggested that a mechanism was required to review existing arrangements so that the disparate needs of adults and appropriate types of provision could be met more adequately .
it also suggested that a mechanism was [] to review existing arrangements so that the disparate needs of adults and appropriate types of provision could be met more adequately .

The grant-aid earned under the new Regulations was adequate but it was not generous and although class programmes were extended to new centres and programmes expanded in existing branches , the costs of provision also increased and the District required overdraft facilities until 1950 when a small surplus was secured .
the grant-aid earned under the new regulations was adequate but it was not generous and although class programmes were extended to new centres and programmes expanded in existing branches , the costs of provision also increased and the district [] overdraft facilities until 1950 when a small surplus was secured .

This time the District Council was less amenable : the March meeting rejected the new fees , while promising to meet the higher remittances required by the District .
this time the district council was less amenable : the march meeting rejected the new fees , while promising to meet the higher remittances [] by the district .

Diseconomies : more staff per head required ; heavy initial outlay on equipment disproportionate per capita ; no economies of scale possible .
diseconomies : more staff per head [] ; heavy initial outlay on equipment disproportionate per capita ; no economies of scale possible .

Mary Douglas of Ulva in a closed circulation document states :  They ( teachers ) may be required to arrange all the usual functions such as whist drives , jumble sales , Hallowe'en and Christmas parties , run the public meeting , act as polling officer , sign pension and unemployment forms , give references and even witness wills .
mary douglas of ulva in a closed circulation document states :  they ( teachers ) may be [] to arrange all the usual functions such as whist drives , jumble sales , hallowe'en and christmas parties , run the public meeting , act as polling officer , sign pension and unemployment forms , give references and even witness wills .

Even here , troops were required to settle the band peaceably , amid opposition from Agent Gwydir , the resident Sans Poil Indian chief Skolaskin and suspicious white traders .
even here , troops were [] to settle the band peaceably , amid opposition from agent gwydir , the resident sans poil indian chief skolaskin and suspicious white traders .

During the Second World War of 1939 to 1945 , Chiswick House was occupied by the Fire Services and the house , remarkably , was hit by incendiary bombs , so the condition of the entire property had become so dilapidated that entire renovation was required .
during the second world war of 1939 to 1945 , chiswick house was occupied by the fire services and the house , remarkably , was hit by incendiary bombs , so the condition of the entire property had become so dilapidated that entire renovation was [] .

Back in 1858 , the increase in urban development in Chiswick had required new controls  so the Chiswick Improvement Commissioners were elected by ballot and met in the hall of College House on Chiswick Mall .
back in 1858 , the increase in urban development in chiswick had [] new controls  so the chiswick improvement commissioners were elected by ballot and met in the hall of college house on chiswick mall .

June by the Allied invasion of the Normandy beaches and the establishment of the  second front  so earnestly required by Stalin .
june by the allied invasion of the normandy beaches and the establishment of the  second front  so earnestly [] by stalin .

The hours devoted to farm work by the part-time farmers was fairly high and it was in these predominantly part-time farm areas that the discrepancy between hours required and hours worked was highest .
the hours devoted to farm work by the part-time farmers was fairly high and it was in these predominantly part-time farm areas that the discrepancy between hours [] and hours worked was highest .

This question required some explanation and elaboration .
this question [] some explanation and elaboration .

The training required was often a combination of management , technical and craft skills .
the training [] was often a combination of management , technical and craft skills .

Period of the year , time of day , and course length all required close monitoring if commitment to training was to be maintained .
period of the year , time of day , and course length all [] close monitoring if commitment to training was to be maintained .

This desire for early winter training required planning and preparation as early as September and a number of Group Organisers and Training Advisers had been slow to appreciate this .
this desire for early winter training [] planning and preparation as early as september and a number of group organisers and training advisers had been slow to appreciate this .

There appeared to be considerable potential ; but before these videos could be used extensively a robust video player and viewer would be required , able to withstand a certain amount of rough handling .
there appeared to be considerable potential ; but before these videos could be used extensively a robust video player and viewer would be [] , able to withstand a certain amount of rough handling .

Contract Procedure and Payments : the farmer wishing to have contract work carried out normally gave 45 days ' notice ; the administrator located a suitable machine not being used by its owner on the required date , and the operator collected the machine and carried out the work ; the farmer paid the group the agreed rate per acre for the work done ; the group paid the owner of the machine the agreed rate for the hire of the machine ; the operator was paid for the hours worked .
contract procedure and payments : the farmer wishing to have contract work carried out normally gave 45 days ' notice ; the administrator located a suitable machine not being used by its owner on the [] date , and the operator collected the machine and carried out the work ; the farmer paid the group the agreed rate per acre for the work done ; the group paid the owner of the machine the agreed rate for the hire of the machine ; the operator was paid for the hours worked .

Although they enjoyed their lifestyle there was evidence that very long hours were worked , greater than the individual enterprises actually required .
although they enjoyed their lifestyle there was evidence that very long hours were worked , greater than the individual enterprises actually [] .

The sign outside the grocer 's shop in Queen Street informed passers-by that  Henry Lawson 's One-Horse Coach Office  was in the back shop , and that a loud knock on the window was required .
the sign outside the grocer 's shop in queen street informed passers-by that  henry lawson 's one-horse coach office  was in the back shop , and that a loud knock on the window was [] .

The prolonged wars with France had geared everything towards the production of material for the army and navy , and that was no longer required .
the prolonged wars with france had geared everything towards the production of material for the army and navy , and that was no longer [] .

Also of concern is not only the cost but the amount of fossil energy subsidy required for intensive agriculture .
also of concern is not only the cost but the amount of fossil energy subsidy [] for intensive agriculture .

But uncertainty in the predictability of income , a fall in the real value of headage support ( Figure 2 ) notably for cattle , and the recent cost inflation continue to detract from the confidence required for long-term investment .
but uncertainty in the predictability of income , a fall in the real value of headage support ( figure 2 ) notably for cattle , and the recent cost inflation continue to detract from the confidence [] for long-term investment .

But when they reached the implementation stage , in which their orientation was to concrete tasks and the skills required of them were chiefly technical , then they became more directive and used client participation less .
but when they reached the implementation stage , in which their orientation was to concrete tasks and the skills [] of them were chiefly technical , then they became more directive and used client participation less .

They may be forced to take medication ( mind altering drugs ) , although consent or a second opinion is required three months after the beginning of treatment ( section 58 ) .
they may be forced to take medication ( mind altering drugs ) , although consent or a second opinion is [] three months after the beginning of treatment ( section 58 ) .

Thus a pluralistic approach with an emphasis on the agricultural base of rural communities is required .
thus a pluralistic approach with an emphasis on the agricultural base of rural communities is [] .

Land is a common resource , not just a private affair , and effective community land policies are required .
land is a common resource , not just a private affair , and effective community land policies are [] .

Additional funds are required to establish similar educational work about the issues affecting the disadvantaged rural areas of Europe .
additional funds are [] to establish similar educational work about the issues affecting the disadvantaged rural areas of europe .

The rate of expansion required to meet the twin goals of employment creation and retention on the one hand , and income improvement on the other , will depend on the commodity mix which is most suitable and on the level of technology which is used .
the rate of expansion [] to meet the twin goals of employment creation and retention on the one hand , and income improvement on the other , will depend on the commodity mix which is most suitable and on the level of technology which is used .

At the community level new skills will be required and a greater awareness of local circumstances generated .
at the community level new skills will be [] and a greater awareness of local circumstances generated .

Effective educational action in the disadvantaged areas may well depend on a fundamental questioning of the assumption that a high degree of uniformity is required throughout educational systems in order to ensure equality of opportunity for all children .
effective educational action in the disadvantaged areas may well depend on a fundamental questioning of the assumption that a high degree of uniformity is [] throughout educational systems in order to ensure equality of opportunity for all children .

Where an educational approach is to be taken by all the various specialist bodies , in agriculture , health , social welfare housing and so on , a major training commitment is required for all staff .
where an educational approach is to be taken by all the various specialist bodies , in agriculture , health , social welfare housing and so on , a major training commitment is [] for all staff .

Certainly , in so far as the problems and needs of the disadvantaged areas are concerned , a more task orientated approach is required if measures are to be successful .
certainly , in so far as the problems and needs of the disadvantaged areas are concerned , a more task orientated approach is [] if measures are to be successful .

Research is therefore required , believes Simonsen , not only into the impact of the working environment on brain chemistry , but also to assess the extent to which internal brain processes can modify these effects .
research is therefore [] , believes simonsen , not only into the impact of the working environment on brain chemistry , but also to assess the extent to which internal brain processes can modify these effects .

Rohm and Haas has introduced a new range of floor polish polymers which are zinc-free and thus free of the high levels of ammonia required to complex the zinc .
rohm and haas has introduced a new range of floor polish polymers which are zinc-free and thus free of the high levels of ammonia [] to complex the zinc .

Although such problems still need to be overcome and further extensive field trials are required , it is likely that varieties of plants expressing the Bt toxin will be commercially available by the late 1990s .
although such problems still need to be overcome and further extensive field trials are [] , it is likely that varieties of plants expressing the bt toxin will be commercially available by the late 1990s .

Nominations must be in writing , signed by not fewer than the required number of signatories , and incorporate ( or be accompanied by ) a signed declaration by the nominee that he or she is willing to serve .
nominations must be in writing , signed by not fewer than the [] number of signatories , and incorporate ( or be accompanied by ) a signed declaration by the nominee that he or she is willing to serve .

Although the World Cup was  mentally a strain  , he points out that little batting was required , so well did England bowl .
although the world cup was  mentally a strain  , he points out that little batting was [] , so well did england bowl .

The laws committee required four additional sittings in London and Wellington to complete the first in-depth overhaul of rugby union 's laws for four years .
the laws committee [] four additional sittings in london and wellington to complete the first in-depth overhaul of rugby union 's laws for four years .

In seeking to contribute to this research agenda we need to address a number of issues which emerge both from this earlier literature and from some initial observation in a number of social work teams organized in differing ways . How , for example , is an organizational type to be defined and how many are to be selected ? Is the area team to be the focus or is organization at secondary level to be addressed ? Are we to concur with Stevenson 's conclusion ( 1981 ) that  it is hard to see how we can escape in general in organization of service from the broad client groupings , now so deeply entrenched in social service provision and in the linkages which are required with other professions  ( p. 100 ) , and if so how are we to select client group(s) ? From whose perspective are we interested in the problem ? Our primary concern above dictates the inclusion of certain client outcome measures across the organizational types , but are we interested also in outcomes as perceived by the client , the worker , by management or by other agencies ? More specifically , what should be the specific outcome measures that are selected and to what extent should they represent  final  outcomes or more intermediate measures that may signify process ?
in seeking to contribute to this research agenda we need to address a number of issues which emerge both from this earlier literature and from some initial observation in a number of social work teams organized in differing ways . how , for example , is an organizational type to be defined and how many are to be selected ? is the area team to be the focus or is organization at secondary level to be addressed ? are we to concur with stevenson 's conclusion ( 1981 ) that  it is hard to see how we can escape in general in organization of service from the broad client groupings , now so deeply entrenched in social service provision and in the linkages which are [] with other professions  ( p. 100 ) , and if so how are we to select client group(s) ? from whose perspective are we interested in the problem ? our primary concern above dictates the inclusion of certain client outcome measures across the organizational types , but are we interested also in outcomes as perceived by the client , the worker , by management or by other agencies ? more specifically , what should be the specific outcome measures that are selected and to what extent should they represent  final  outcomes or more intermediate measures that may signify process ?

In effect , therefore , the CMHTs were being required to act as local change agents , responsible for creating additional services in the community and mobilizing resources to sustain them .
in effect , therefore , the cmhts were being [] to act as local change agents , responsible for creating additional services in the community and mobilizing resources to sustain them .

It required twenty or more social work staff  plus three senior professional officers  to develop or support the new services created in Nottinghamshire .
it [] twenty or more social work staff  plus three senior professional officers  to develop or support the new services created in nottinghamshire .

Some of the resources required were  mobilized  from elsewhere , but this success should not be applauded uncritically .
some of the resources [] were  mobilized  from elsewhere , but this success should not be applauded uncritically .

In all the countries we studied there is a need to work toward developing more rational and systematic personnel systems that recognize that there are many types and levels of jobs in the social services and that clarify the nature of these jobs and the specific skills and knowledge required to perform them .
in all the countries we studied there is a need to work toward developing more rational and systematic personnel systems that recognize that there are many types and levels of jobs in the social services and that clarify the nature of these jobs and the specific skills and knowledge [] to perform them .

Perhaps the strongest statements to this effect can be found in the report relating to Jasmine Beckford 's death :  We are strongly of the view that social work can in fact be defined only in terms of the functions required of it by their employing agency operating within a statutory framework  ( London Borough of Brent , 1985 , p. 12 ) .
perhaps the strongest statements to this effect can be found in the report relating to jasmine beckford 's death :  we are strongly of the view that social work can in fact be defined only in terms of the functions [] of it by their employing agency operating within a statutory framework  ( london borough of brent , 1985 , p. 12 ) .

It showed that family support and child protection were not two necessarily conflicting and incompatible priorities : both required similar attitudes , approaches , and skills .
it showed that family support and child protection were not two necessarily conflicting and incompatible priorities : both [] similar attitudes , approaches , and skills .

Even parents who were suspected of abuse retained a sense of responsibility for their children which should be nurtured , not crushed ; and even the implementation of legal powers required respect , communication , the willingness to listen , and the desire to reach agreements  not least with the victims themselves .
even parents who were suspected of abuse retained a sense of responsibility for their children which should be nurtured , not crushed ; and even the implementation of legal powers [] respect , communication , the willingness to listen , and the desire to reach agreements  not least with the victims themselves .

In other words , they are to be accorded  the same courtesy as the family of any other referred child  that the Cleveland Report required ( Recommendation 3a ) .
in other words , they are to be accorded  the same courtesy as the family of any other referred child  that the cleveland report [] ( recommendation 3a ) .

The very broad scope of primary prevention raises questions about the boundaries of social work 's permitted and required endeavours .
the very broad scope of primary prevention raises questions about the boundaries of social work 's permitted and [] endeavours .

It validated what had previously only been personal impressions : that the work was variable , time consuming , complex and required considerable skill .
it validated what had previously only been personal impressions : that the work was variable , time consuming , complex and [] considerable skill .

The team also began to analyse the skills required in investigative work and became involved in training courses on investigation .
the team also began to analyse the skills [] in investigative work and became involved in training courses on investigation .

At the same time , it will have to be more accountable , both in response to media attention and the more rigorous legal testing required by legislation .
at the same time , it will have to be more accountable , both in response to media attention and the more rigorous legal testing [] by legislation .

Welfare services will have to respond to this and agencies will be increasingly required to produce clear written information on their services for parents and children and to ascertain and consider clients ' views when decisions are made .
welfare services will have to respond to this and agencies will be increasingly [] to produce clear written information on their services for parents and children and to ascertain and consider clients ' views when decisions are made .

It is intended for use in preparation for statutory reviews , and could form the basis for making formal plans about a child , also required under the new legislation .
it is intended for use in preparation for statutory reviews , and could form the basis for making formal plans about a child , also [] under the new legislation .

Dr Barnardo , for example , required foster parents to sign an undertaking not to allow personal or written communication between a foster child and his or her relatives or friends except with the written authorization of the Director .
dr barnardo , for example , [] foster parents to sign an undertaking not to allow personal or written communication between a foster child and his or her relatives or friends except with the written authorization of the director .

All Frankish freemen were required to serve in campaigns when summoned , unpaid and providing their own equipment .
all frankish freemen were [] to serve in campaigns when summoned , unpaid and providing their own equipment .

The growing use of cavalry , however , tended to exclude the poorer freemen from fighting in full equipment , and only those with four hides or more of land were required to equip themselves .
the growing use of cavalry , however , tended to exclude the poorer freemen from fighting in full equipment , and only those with four hides or more of land were [] to equip themselves .

Soldiers were required to bring with them three months ' supply of provisions , arms , armour and tools for entrenching and other tasks .
soldiers were [] to bring with them three months ' supply of provisions , arms , armour and tools for entrenching and other tasks .

In addition to the mobility required of them as deputies in battle for the king , they were also kept in attendance at their father 's court at Aachen for long periods of time .
in addition to the mobility [] of them as deputies in battle for the king , they were also kept in attendance at their father 's court at aachen for long periods of time .

The clearances for sheep farming were delayed by the temporary prosperity of the kelp industry , which required abundant labour for the arduous work of collecting and burning seaweed to extract alkali for use in the manufacture of glass and soap on the mainland .
the clearances for sheep farming were delayed by the temporary prosperity of the kelp industry , which [] abundant labour for the arduous work of collecting and burning seaweed to extract alkali for use in the manufacture of glass and soap on the mainland .

The posture for funboard sailing is no different from that required for any other board , apart from the fact that the feet are commonly in the footstraps .
the posture for funboard sailing is no different from that [] for any other board , apart from the fact that the feet are commonly in the footstraps .

The measure of conservation is the amount of energy required to produce a single unit of economic growth .
the measure of conservation is the amount of energy [] to produce a single unit of economic growth .

Until the early seventies this relationship , known as  energy coefficient  was regarded as a  lock step  relationship  a certain level of economic growth required a certain amount of fuel consumption  but recent history has disproved this .
until the early seventies this relationship , known as  energy coefficient  was regarded as a  lock step  relationship  a certain level of economic growth [] a certain amount of fuel consumption  but recent history has disproved this .

The Salter 's Duck , designed by Stephen Salter , converts the bobbing motion from which the name derives into the rotation required to drive a generator .
the salter 's duck , designed by stephen salter , converts the bobbing motion from which the name derives into the rotation [] to drive a generator .

Sam would surely sacrifice a rotten old motor-bike to the cause , in exchange for his team being terrorized into swimming the required number of lengths in four minutes ?
sam would surely sacrifice a rotten old motor-bike to the cause , in exchange for his team being terrorized into swimming the [] number of lengths in four minutes ?

They had to carry a table out with them , which was set up the required ten metres from the shed wall , and the pistols were laid out , and the targets pinned up .
they had to carry a table out with them , which was set up the [] ten metres from the shed wall , and the pistols were laid out , and the targets pinned up .

Then there was a glass-fronted cabinet holding a variety of makes of pipes , cigar holders , cigarette holders , leather pouches and all kinds of requisites required by a smoker .
then there was a glass-fronted cabinet holding a variety of makes of pipes , cigar holders , cigarette holders , leather pouches and all kinds of requisites [] by a smoker .

Unanimity is required for all important decisions , although in cases of disagreement the matter may be referred to the federal government for decision .
unanimity is [] for all important decisions , although in cases of disagreement the matter may be referred to the federal government for decision .

Similarly , when the government discovers that a large part of the loans raised from abroad has been used to make dinar loans to Yugoslav enterprises , and that the dinar service payments on the latter loans increasingly fall short of the amounts required to meet the interest and principal on these foreign debts , it instructs the National Bank to cover the difference by issuing new money .
similarly , when the government discovers that a large part of the loans raised from abroad has been used to make dinar loans to yugoslav enterprises , and that the dinar service payments on the latter loans increasingly fall short of the amounts [] to meet the interest and principal on these foreign debts , it instructs the national bank to cover the difference by issuing new money .

Chris Vieler-Porter suggests four categories of mainstream British cinematic representation of Blacks : ( a ) colonial-based dramas ; ( b ) race-based dramas , in which category he places both Sapphire and Flame in the Streets ; ( c ) race assemblage dramas , in which the Black presence is required to  provide a background against which White emotions can be displayed  to be the founding source of comedy  and to act as  a mark of difference in  the team  of the adventure film  ; and ( d ) ethnic drama .
chris vieler-porter suggests four categories of mainstream british cinematic representation of blacks : ( a ) colonial-based dramas ; ( b ) race-based dramas , in which category he places both sapphire and flame in the streets ; ( c ) race assemblage dramas , in which the black presence is [] to  provide a background against which white emotions can be displayed  to be the founding source of comedy  and to act as  a mark of difference in  the team  of the adventure film  ; and ( d ) ethnic drama .

The great dream had turned sour when Dickinson , the former champion National Hunt trainer , failed to produce the required results in his first season as Sangster 's private trainer at the refurbished establishment .
the great dream had turned sour when dickinson , the former champion national hunt trainer , failed to produce the [] results in his first season as sangster 's private trainer at the refurbished establishment .

He could not help touching the pupils ; extensive re-training was required .
he could not help touching the pupils ; extensive re-training was [] .

But there is no escape for non-runners , who are required to sign up for light duties .
but there is no escape for non-runners , who are [] to sign up for light duties .

The Dutchman Jos Lansink , the only rider left with a chance of meeting the conditions for the first Everest Challenge ( which had required him to jump double clear rounds in four specified contests ) , would have collected a Jaguar car if he had won the Grand Prix .
the dutchman jos lansink , the only rider left with a chance of meeting the conditions for the first everest challenge ( which had [] him to jump double clear rounds in four specified contests ) , would have collected a jaguar car if he had won the grand prix .

Inside Cabinet , he had played that role , with the required public discretion , to argue the case for council house sales , industrial competition , and the inner cities policy .
inside cabinet , he had played that role , with the [] public discretion , to argue the case for council house sales , industrial competition , and the inner cities policy .

From that moment on , we were committed to a process that required majority voting , to which we were subject .
from that moment on , we were committed to a process that [] majority voting , to which we were subject .

By July , the relatively calm mood of The Daily Telegraph was badly infected with rumours that more than 100 redundancies were required in the staff of 440 .
by july , the relatively calm mood of the daily telegraph was badly infected with rumours that more than 100 redundancies were [] in the staff of 440 .

The presenter had been advised confidently by Coutts before he left London that , should funds be required , he should telephone them with the code-word Jabberwocky .
the presenter had been advised confidently by coutts before he left london that , should funds be [] , he should telephone them with the code-word jabberwocky .

In the course of their mission , which takes each through a death and rebirth ( Harris is required to plunge to the bowels of the earth , breathing a kind of oxygenated foetal fluid ) , they learn to love each other again .
in the course of their mission , which takes each through a death and rebirth ( harris is [] to plunge to the bowels of the earth , breathing a kind of oxygenated foetal fluid ) , they learn to love each other again .

They had been hardest hit by new legislation which required regular testing of the flocks and their compulsory slaughter if salmonella was found .
they had been hardest hit by new legislation which [] regular testing of the flocks and their compulsory slaughter if salmonella was found .

No fewer than 20 legislative acts will be required , says Mr Otsason .
no fewer than 20 legislative acts will be [] , says mr otsason .

He neatly unfolds two opposing wings of a Catholic authority now required to pass judgement on the event .
he neatly unfolds two opposing wings of a catholic authority now [] to pass judgement on the event .

The arguments therefore tend to focus on three borderline questions : What is the minimum fault required for conviction of murder ?
the arguments therefore tend to focus on three borderline questions : what is the minimum fault [] for conviction of murder ?

And what is the minimum fault required for a conviction of manslaughter .
and what is the minimum fault [] for a conviction of manslaughter .

The required standard of self-control is kept fairly constant , but in order to assess the strength of the provocation , it is necessary to consider the relevant personal characteristics .
the [] standard of self-control is kept fairly constant , but in order to assess the strength of the provocation , it is necessary to consider the relevant personal characteristics .

Once the duty is established , the fault element required was expressed as recklessness , and defined thus :  a reckless disregard of danger to the health and welfare of the infirm person .
once the duty is established , the fault element [] was expressed as recklessness , and defined thus :  a reckless disregard of danger to the health and welfare of the infirm person .

The only difference would be that Seymour required an obvious risk of physical injury to another , whereas Stone and Dobinson required a risk of injury to health , and the difference may be more apparent than real .
the only difference would be that seymour [] an obvious risk of physical injury to another , whereas stone and dobinson [] a risk of injury to health , and the difference may be more apparent than real .

One is that no actual endangerment is required : the explosion need only have been inherently likely to endanger life , and the offence is committed whether or not anyone 's life was put in danger .
one is that no actual endangerment is [] : the explosion need only have been inherently likely to endanger life , and the offence is committed whether or not anyone 's life was put in danger .

The fault required for the offence of assault occasioning actual bodily harm , contrary to section 47 of the 1861 Act , is now in doubt .
the fault [] for the offence of assault occasioning actual bodily harm , contrary to section 47 of the 1861 act , is now in doubt .

Formerly , all that needed to be established was the fault required for common assault , i.e .
formerly , all that needed to be established was the fault [] for common assault , i.e .

What fault element is required for assault and battery ?
what fault element is [] for assault and battery ?

The conduct which constitutes rape is unlawful sexual intercourse with a woman without her consent ; the fault element required is that the man intends to have sexual intercourse , and either knows that the woman is not consenting or  could not care less  whether she is not consenting .
the conduct which constitutes rape is unlawful sexual intercourse with a woman without her consent ; the fault element [] is that the man intends to have sexual intercourse , and either knows that the woman is not consenting or  could not care less  whether she is not consenting .

Sexual intercourse is defined as the penetration of the penis into the vagina : ejaculation is not required , and the offence is committed as soon as penetration takes place , although it has been held that the offence continues throughout penetration ( so that if the woman revokes her consent during intercourse and the man fails to withdraw , he commits rape ) .
sexual intercourse is defined as the penetration of the penis into the vagina : ejaculation is not [] , and the offence is committed as soon as penetration takes place , although it has been held that the offence continues throughout penetration ( so that if the woman revokes her consent during intercourse and the man fails to withdraw , he commits rape ) .

All must be done with the required ceremony .
all must be done with the [] ceremony .

Instead , quiet obedience ( or , as we shall see , noisy obedience when it is required of them ) , as they and their God go on their way , striking not just fear , but sharp swords into the hearts of the inhabitants of the land .
instead , quiet obedience ( or , as we shall see , noisy obedience when it is [] of them ) , as they and their god go on their way , striking not just fear , but sharp swords into the hearts of the inhabitants of the land .

Control panels bristled with up to thirty-five switches and buttons as if the housewife-technologist required the skills of an airline pilot .
control panels bristled with up to thirty-five switches and buttons as if the housewife-technologist [] the skills of an airline pilot .

 Every intellectual who is called before one of the committees ought to refuse to testify ,  wrote Einstein in an open letter to a New York teacher , one of thousands required to take a loyalty oath as a condition of further employment .
 every intellectual who is called before one of the committees ought to refuse to testify ,  wrote einstein in an open letter to a new york teacher , one of thousands [] to take a loyalty oath as a condition of further employment .

As a cunning demonstration of the superiority of a free culture the scene required the girls to expose their pantied behinds to the visitor and a chorus boy to run his head beneath Shirley MacLaine 's petticoat and emerge with her underwear .
as a cunning demonstration of the superiority of a free culture the scene [] the girls to expose their pantied behinds to the visitor and a chorus boy to run his head beneath shirley maclaine 's petticoat and emerge with her underwear .

After two months in kennels they move on to the dog supply unit for 11 months , during which time they will be required to train at least six dogs up to the blindfold standard , and pass the guide dog trainer examination .
after two months in kennels they move on to the dog supply unit for 11 months , during which time they will be [] to train at least six dogs up to the blindfold standard , and pass the guide dog trainer examination .

Although the book was updated in 1990 , it is probably now wrong in stating that  no licences would be required for this action  .
although the book was updated in 1990 , it is probably now wrong in stating that  no licences would be [] for this action  .

With 400kg of front weights attached , the effort required to turn the wheel does increase markedly especially at low revs .
with 400kg of front weights attached , the effort [] to turn the wheel does increase markedly especially at low revs .

Moreover , the system can be as basic or as sophisticated as required .
moreover , the system can be as basic or as sophisticated as [] .

Prune the root-stock above the scion buds early the following spring , and tie the scion shoot to a cane if vertical growth is required .
prune the root-stock above the scion buds early the following spring , and tie the scion shoot to a cane if vertical growth is [] .

During the main growing season from April to September , frequent watering is required , adding a liquid houseplant feed each week .
during the main growing season from april to september , frequent watering is [] , adding a liquid houseplant feed each week .

 You all know ,  Jeremiah went on ,  that under the terms of the trust that we are required to manage the land and sell when it 's no longer profitable .
 you all know ,  jeremiah went on ,  that under the terms of the trust that we are [] to manage the land and sell when it 's no longer profitable .

He would go through the pain of divorce then if she really required it of him .
he would go through the pain of divorce then if she really [] it of him .

Besides the fittings which required more patience than she possessed (  My worst fault is impatience .
besides the fittings which [] more patience than she possessed (  my worst fault is impatience .

As some industries become redundant others will be required to expand .
as some industries become redundant others will be [] to expand .

It was deeply felt that the economy would no longer be viable and that demand would decrease since the aged would be unable to afford the type of demand required to sustain industry .
it was deeply felt that the economy would no longer be viable and that demand would decrease since the aged would be unable to afford the type of demand [] to sustain industry .

Dr Michael Bentley has suggested , in his book The Liberal Mind 19141929 and in at least one article , that the real problem of the Liberal Party was this lack of flexibility and willingness to think beyond the old shibboleths in a day and age which required new initiatives . Local Liberal Party records bear him out in his assertion of this fixity of purpose and he would appear to be correct in his estimation that :
dr michael bentley has suggested , in his book the liberal mind 19141929 and in at least one article , that the real problem of the liberal party was this lack of flexibility and willingness to think beyond the old shibboleths in a day and age which [] new initiatives . local liberal party records bear him out in his assertion of this fixity of purpose and he would appear to be correct in his estimation that :

Reborn : overkill not required
reborn : overkill not []

He 's required to play the part of the clown .
he 's [] to play the part of the clown .

To comply with strict building regulations , a discreet garden shed was required .
to comply with strict building regulations , a discreet garden shed was [] .

Sow the seeds in trays or pots , depending on the number of plants required .
sow the seeds in trays or pots , depending on the number of plants [] .

It was no longer just a question whether reason and science could tolerate divine intervention in the apparently stable and unalterable laws of the universe ; the new and more insidious question was whether the universe had required a creator in the first place .
it was no longer just a question whether reason and science could tolerate divine intervention in the apparently stable and unalterable laws of the universe ; the new and more insidious question was whether the universe had [] a creator in the first place .

 It was evident to me that he believed a certain act of self-denial was required of him .
 it was evident to me that he believed a certain act of self-denial was [] of him .

Even after overcoming the tremendous technical difficulties of mining and smelting metals , the end result of all this endeavour was a raw material that still required the considerable skills of the metalsmith to turn it into artefacts , whether practical , artistic or both .
even after overcoming the tremendous technical difficulties of mining and smelting metals , the end result of all this endeavour was a raw material that still [] the considerable skills of the metalsmith to turn it into artefacts , whether practical , artistic or both .

As a native metal , gold required no extraction by smelting .
as a native metal , gold [] no extraction by smelting .

Heavily leaded alloys were therefore not generally used for artefacts which required high mechanical strength .
heavily leaded alloys were therefore not generally used for artefacts which [] high mechanical strength .

An alloy which was not available to the ancient Egyptians because the required technology had not been developed was brass ( oreichalcum or oreichalkos to the ancient writers ) , the alloy of copper with zinc .
an alloy which was not available to the ancient egyptians because the [] technology had not been developed was brass ( oreichalcum or oreichalkos to the ancient writers ) , the alloy of copper with zinc .

such as the fine solder work required for gold filigree and granulation , can not be seen even at high magnification .
such as the fine solder work [] for gold filigree and granulation , can not be seen even at high magnification .

An astonishing variety of artefacts was made from flint , requiring a craftsman 's skill to chip the blocks of flint to the required shape .
an astonishing variety of artefacts was made from flint , requiring a craftsman 's skill to chip the blocks of flint to the [] shape .

The chronological extrapolation to Western Europe then required the postulation of models about the rate of diffusion of ideas .
the chronological extrapolation to western europe then [] the postulation of models about the rate of diffusion of ideas .

In their application to authenticity testing the first consideration is whether the sample size required is likely to inflict unacceptable damage .
in their application to authenticity testing the first consideration is whether the sample size [] is likely to inflict unacceptable damage .

For example , neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) , one of the techniques used to determine the composition of ancient ceramics , would be impossible without a computer program , since the calculations required are so complex and extensive that not even the most resilient individual armed with a pocket calculator could possibly complete them in a single lifetime .
for example , neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) , one of the techniques used to determine the composition of ancient ceramics , would be impossible without a computer program , since the calculations [] are so complex and extensive that not even the most resilient individual armed with a pocket calculator could possibly complete them in a single lifetime .

Sampling theory has been of value in various areas of museum work , from assessing the long-term resources required for conservation treatment of the British Museum 's large collection of Babylonian clay tablets , to ensuring that a given  kill rate  in insecticides used for paper conservation will provide effective treatment .
sampling theory has been of value in various areas of museum work , from assessing the long-term resources [] for conservation treatment of the british museum 's large collection of babylonian clay tablets , to ensuring that a given  kill rate  in insecticides used for paper conservation will provide effective treatment .

It should be emphasised that the shape discrimination required is usually much more subtle than could ever be achieved by verbal shape descriptions , and that the heavier tools of mathematics need to be applied .
it should be emphasised that the shape discrimination [] is usually much more subtle than could ever be achieved by verbal shape descriptions , and that the heavier tools of mathematics need to be applied .

To appreciate this , imagine that you ask a friend to mark thirty numbered points randomly on graph paper ( unseen by you ) and that you are required to discover their positions , with no information other than the distances between any pairs you request .
to appreciate this , imagine that you ask a friend to mark thirty numbered points randomly on graph paper ( unseen by you ) and that you are [] to discover their positions , with no information other than the distances between any pairs you request .

The problem can be solved , but quite complex mathematics and a computer are required to solve it .
the problem can be solved , but quite complex mathematics and a computer are [] to solve it .

These scores are then combined to give overall measures of dissimilarity between each possible pairing of artefacts  exactly the form of information required for multi-dimensional scaling .
these scores are then combined to give overall measures of dissimilarity between each possible pairing of artefacts  exactly the form of information [] for multi-dimensional scaling .

Significantly , however , this ritual was not allowed to take place within the sacred precincts : the animal was burned whole  outside the camp  , its blood was not offered at the altar but burned along with the carcass , and the officiating priest was required to cleanse himself after the sacrifice .
significantly , however , this ritual was not allowed to take place within the sacred precincts : the animal was burned whole  outside the camp  , its blood was not offered at the altar but burned along with the carcass , and the officiating priest was [] to cleanse himself after the sacrifice .

One aspect of this fear was the way in which the new notion of female impurity rapidly made inroads into the popular imagination , with the result that women came to be seen as a constant stumbling block to man 's improvement , a blight on the possibility of his attaining the now required ( i.e .
one aspect of this fear was the way in which the new notion of female impurity rapidly made inroads into the popular imagination , with the result that women came to be seen as a constant stumbling block to man 's improvement , a blight on the possibility of his attaining the now [] ( i.e .

The blood of childbirth and menstruation , which follows a passive and unstoppable cycle , can be construed ( by the powers that be ) to fall within this category , and so it is required that cultural regulation step in with restrictive legislation .
the blood of childbirth and menstruation , which follows a passive and unstoppable cycle , can be construed ( by the powers that be ) to fall within this category , and so it is [] that cultural regulation step in with restrictive legislation .

Even the process of normal development required something of self-sacrifice about it , as women learned that instead of their early pleasures they must be content with the possibility of having a child .
even the process of normal development [] something of self-sacrifice about it , as women learned that instead of their early pleasures they must be content with the possibility of having a child .

The obligation of modesty is on both men and women ; men are also required to dress and behave in a modest way .
the obligation of modesty is on both men and women ; men are also [] to dress and behave in a modest way .

The first wheel in use was the Great or Walking Wheel , which required space for the spinner to walk to and fro .
the first wheel in use was the great or walking wheel , which [] space for the spinner to walk to and fro .

He required seven or eight spinners to keep him busy as he threw his shuttle to and fro on his heavy wooden loom .
he [] seven or eight spinners to keep him busy as he threw his shuttle to and fro on his heavy wooden loom .

The main purchaser of the stockings was the Army and when there was a change from breeches to trousers , the long stockings were no longer required , and there was a great slump in the trade and gradually the industry waned in the country areas .
the main purchaser of the stockings was the army and when there was a change from breeches to trousers , the long stockings were no longer [] , and there was a great slump in the trade and gradually the industry waned in the country areas .

Of course Alison was not  living in  the house , but was often there visiting Patrick ( her help as a nurse was no longer required ) , joining Jack in his studio ( where she talked with him about his work ) , or chatting with him and Franca in the drawing room or kitchen before departing with Jack to a restaurant and taking him on to her flat for the night .
of course alison was not  living in  the house , but was often there visiting patrick ( her help as a nurse was no longer [] ) , joining jack in his studio ( where she talked with him about his work ) , or chatting with him and franca in the drawing room or kitchen before departing with jack to a restaurant and taking him on to her flat for the night .

Ludens , arriving , would have to intuit what was required .
ludens , arriving , would have to intuit what was [] .

The same circumstances required that Franca should sleep downstairs ; Franca had herself , promptly forestalling embarrassment , simplified the rearrangement by announcing that she would now occupy her boudoir ; and letting Jack and Alison assent silently , and without having to murmur  please  or  thank you  .
the same circumstances [] that franca should sleep downstairs ; franca had herself , promptly forestalling embarrassment , simplified the rearrangement by announcing that she would now occupy her boudoir ; and letting jack and alison assent silently , and without having to murmur  please  or  thank you  .

by no means all required a blood relationship .
by no means all [] a blood relationship .

Food industries are somewhat unusual , differing from most activities , in that skilled and sometimes professionally qualified men and women are required to take an active part in the cleaning of their own work areas .
food industries are somewhat unusual , differing from most activities , in that skilled and sometimes professionally qualified men and women are [] to take an active part in the cleaning of their own work areas .

In addition to the type the way by which soil is attached to a surface has a material effect on the cleaning required .
in addition to the type the way by which soil is attached to a surface has a material effect on the cleaning [] .

The way in which they are applied has a crucial effect and having determined ratios between chemical and kinetic energy and heat it is important that a full allowance is made for the time required .
the way in which they are applied has a crucial effect and having determined ratios between chemical and kinetic energy and heat it is important that a full allowance is made for the time [] .

This time is not the period required overall but the actual time the chemical is in contact with the soil and is known as contact time .
this time is not the period [] overall but the actual time the chemical is in contact with the soil and is known as contact time .

Where cleaning is insufficient , or is the cause of contamination , another process , known as disinfection , is required .
where cleaning is insufficient , or is the cause of contamination , another process , known as disinfection , is [] .

Almost constant treatment would be required if disinfection became necessary .
almost constant treatment would be [] if disinfection became necessary .

With all but the most virulent and rare food borne infections , however , tens of thousands and sometimes millions of pathogens per gram are required to cause illness in the healthy person .
with all but the most virulent and rare food borne infections , however , tens of thousands and sometimes millions of pathogens per gram are [] to cause illness in the healthy person .

More frequent disinfection may also be required to overcome the effects of inherent bad practice .
more frequent disinfection may also be [] to overcome the effects of inherent bad practice .

These machines generally have a well known soil load and the appropriate amount of sanitiser used on a regular basis will give the required degree of protection against bacteria .
these machines generally have a well known soil load and the appropriate amount of sanitiser used on a regular basis will give the [] degree of protection against bacteria .

Economically it is sensible to use as high a concentration as possible and dilute on site to the required level but there is some validity in specifying low activity concentration where users consistently ignore dilution instructions .
economically it is sensible to use as high a concentration as possible and dilute on site to the [] level but there is some validity in specifying low activity concentration where users consistently ignore dilution instructions .

Scoops may be provided for powders , although shakers are preferred , where the product is sprinkled neat onto the surface to be treated provided that the product is packed in shakers so users are not required to decant from a bulk container .
scoops may be provided for powders , although shakers are preferred , where the product is sprinkled neat onto the surface to be treated provided that the product is packed in shakers so users are not [] to decant from a bulk container .

Products which are capable of sterilising are either so noxious or corrosive in the concentration required that they can not be used .
products which are capable of sterilising are either so noxious or corrosive in the concentration [] that they can not be used .

It should also state the specific variations required in terms of concentration , format , appearance etc .
it should also state the specific variations [] in terms of concentration , format , appearance etc .

To ensure the widest scope for getting the best deal it is necessary to exclude those which can not supply on the terms required .
to ensure the widest scope for getting the best deal it is necessary to exclude those which can not supply on the terms [] .

Determination of the type of supplier required , having regard for such factors as delivery arrangements , credit agreements , the need for technical support and the administrative convenience of single source supply , plus the supply area will considerably reduce the numbers of suppliers to be approached .
determination of the type of supplier [] , having regard for such factors as delivery arrangements , credit agreements , the need for technical support and the administrative convenience of single source supply , plus the supply area will considerably reduce the numbers of suppliers to be approached .

The invitation should make it clear that a selection procedure is in progress and that all that is required are details , including prices and , if appropriate , samples of products for evaluation , the result of which might be an invitation to conduct trials .
the invitation should make it clear that a selection procedure is in progress and that all that is [] are details , including prices and , if appropriate , samples of products for evaluation , the result of which might be an invitation to conduct trials .

To begin with , find the price quantity and the percentage active ingredients ( concentration ) that is required which should be available from the specification returns .
to begin with , find the price quantity and the percentage active ingredients ( concentration ) that is [] which should be available from the specification returns .

From these are calculated the doses required for a quantity of water , usually 100 litres , if water consumption for each process requiring chemical is the same .
from these are calculated the doses [] for a quantity of water , usually 100 litres , if water consumption for each process requiring chemical is the same .

Having stated the objectives and set in motion a chain of actions the most important management function is to check the result , a comparison between performance required and actually achieved .
having stated the objectives and set in motion a chain of actions the most important management function is to check the result , a comparison between performance [] and actually achieved .

Some of the basic and advanced techniques required are as follows :
some of the basic and advanced techniques [] are as follows :

Walls : Being vertical surfaces these can present special problems because chemical run-off is sometimes faster than the contact time required .
walls : being vertical surfaces these can present special problems because chemical run-off is sometimes faster than the contact time [] .

Waterproofing is difficult but air ducts may be blanked off , or sensitive parts removed , otherwise cold cleaning may be required using a brush applied solvent decarboniser .
waterproofing is difficult but air ducts may be blanked off , or sensitive parts removed , otherwise cold cleaning may be [] using a brush applied solvent decarboniser .

Quite sophisticated equipment and trained manpower is required to make reliable estimates .
quite sophisticated equipment and trained manpower is [] to make reliable estimates .

Second , the range of data required tends to be demanding , for example see Skidmore ( 1977 ) and Skidmore , Fisher , and Woodruff ( 1970 ) for the sophisticated data needed to assess wind erosion .
second , the range of data [] tends to be demanding , for example see skidmore ( 1977 ) and skidmore , fisher , and woodruff ( 1970 ) for the sophisticated data needed to assess wind erosion .

It is clear that the timing of these impacts varies enormously between cases , and that long time periods are required for some impacts to emerge .
it is clear that the timing of these impacts varies enormously between cases , and that long time periods are [] for some impacts to emerge .

While relative factor scarcities may have provided the required signals where there is a lucrative profit to be made , it is not the case for fragile areas and the small farmers who live there .
while relative factor scarcities may have provided the [] signals where there is a lucrative profit to be made , it is not the case for fragile areas and the small farmers who live there .

 Political dialogue  is required and a dialectical interaction at the economies ' political level between research scientists , research planners , research clientele , and the legislative process is required and hoped for .
 political dialogue  is [] and a dialectical interaction at the economies ' political level between research scientists , research planners , research clientele , and the legislative process is [] and hoped for .

Further development of Boserup 's thesis is required to uncover the reasons behind environmental degradation on the one hand , or successful intensification of land use on the other ( for a review of some of the major issues , see Brookfield 1982 ) .
further development of boserup 's thesis is [] to uncover the reasons behind environmental degradation on the one hand , or successful intensification of land use on the other ( for a review of some of the major issues , see brookfield 1982 ) .

First of all there is the project document of which the format and content are so often quite unsuited to tackling the formidable tasks required for a successful conservation programme .
first of all there is the project document of which the format and content are so often quite unsuited to tackling the formidable tasks [] for a successful conservation programme .

It is the combination of the particular elements required by successful conservation projects with the particular political , economic and logistic constraints under which foreign aid has to operate , that limit the fulfilment of objectives .
it is the combination of the particular elements [] by successful conservation projects with the particular political , economic and logistic constraints under which foreign aid has to operate , that limit the fulfilment of objectives .

Boxed and broad-based terraces required an enormous amount of labour , reduced yields and proved unstable .
boxed and broad-based terraces [] an enormous amount of labour , reduced yields and proved unstable .

However , political action is required to tackle the more systemic and widespread symptoms of environmental deterioration such as the destruction of the forest , wholesale sheet erosion across a large area , or the threatened collapse of a whole tier of paddy terraces .
however , political action is [] to tackle the more systemic and widespread symptoms of environmental deterioration such as the destruction of the forest , wholesale sheet erosion across a large area , or the threatened collapse of a whole tier of paddy terraces .

Similarly children have been spaced or limited when required by a variety of means ( e.g .
similarly children have been spaced or limited when [] by a variety of means ( e.g .

She even wrote her Required Essay on  Male Ventriloquism : The Women of Randolph Henry Ash  .
she even wrote her [] essay on  male ventriloquism : the women of randolph henry ash  .

Swallowing their dismay that the idea was , amazingly , not entirely original  an intrepid bunch had actually driven Citroens across the Sahara in 1922  they nevertheless required little persuasion to spend Christmas and New Year far removed from Santa as could be imagined .
swallowing their dismay that the idea was , amazingly , not entirely original  an intrepid bunch had actually driven citroens across the sahara in 1922  they nevertheless [] little persuasion to spend christmas and new year far removed from santa as could be imagined .

In this process , the use of modern conveniences , techniques , when required , are not denied .
in this process , the use of modern conveniences , techniques , when [] , are not denied .

The successful schemes were unsentimental and transcended the apparent dilemma posed by the design brief which asked for a building which related to preformed and powerful sensibilities and beliefs about life and death and which is also required to be effectively energy conscious .
the successful schemes were unsentimental and transcended the apparent dilemma posed by the design brief which asked for a building which related to preformed and powerful sensibilities and beliefs about life and death and which is also [] to be effectively energy conscious .

For the Ponds Forge roof , clear , 0.5 mm thick , low-density polyethylene sheeting , reinforced with a polyester mesh , was factory welded to produce single sheets to the required size .
for the ponds forge roof , clear , 0.5 mm thick , low-density polyethylene sheeting , reinforced with a polyester mesh , was factory welded to produce single sheets to the [] size .

Although Atrium Conservatory Systems uses a modular system for its high-quality hardwood structures , it is happy to produce individual modules to the dimensions required by the designer .
although atrium conservatory systems uses a modular system for its high-quality hardwood structures , it is happy to produce individual modules to the dimensions [] by the designer .

Panels simply clip on to the framework and can be easily removed , as required .
panels simply clip on to the framework and can be easily removed , as [] .

Also available from Bisque is the battery-powered , remote-control Bagno-Stat , which allows you to pre-set the towel radiator heater to come on at specific times and maintain required temperatures .
also available from bisque is the battery-powered , remote-control bagno-stat , which allows you to pre-set the towel radiator heater to come on at specific times and maintain [] temperatures .

however , on examination this becomes less clear cut , since there seem to be three categories  the voluntary ; the required but not closely monitored ; and the fully enforced .
however , on examination this becomes less clear cut , since there seem to be three categories  the voluntary ; the [] but not closely monitored ; and the fully enforced .

Once Egypt had established itself as undisputed leader , it was required to demonstrate its credentials in the context of Palestine .
once egypt had established itself as undisputed leader , it was [] to demonstrate its credentials in the context of palestine .

Fergus Pyle reported that  many of the officers , probably local men , went no further than duty required .
fergus pyle reported that  many of the officers , probably local men , went no further than duty [] .

But , in the same ten-year period , no less than 1,278 new families came into being in the city , with the result that the number of houses built fell short of the number required .
but , in the same ten-year period , no less than 1,278 new families came into being in the city , with the result that the number of houses built fell short of the number [] .

For one thing , at twenty square miles Tambopata provides only half the territory required by an adult jaguar ; for another , wildlife is wisely shy .
for one thing , at twenty square miles tambopata provides only half the territory [] by an adult jaguar ; for another , wildlife is wisely shy .

She had already gathered that her new employer was extremely well connected and , as might be expected from a woman of her standing , required absolute discretion of her staff and the encouragement of her children in a properly modest attitude to the family 's privileged position .
she had already gathered that her new employer was extremely well connected and , as might be expected from a woman of her standing , [] absolute discretion of her staff and the encouragement of her children in a properly modest attitude to the family 's privileged position .

School rules required all girls to tie back their hair , and Victoria seemed to have a knack of observing the most oppressive and trivial regulations with grace .
school rules [] all girls to tie back their hair , and victoria seemed to have a knack of observing the most oppressive and trivial regulations with grace .

It was all the incitement which some of them required .
it was all the incitement which some of them [] .

He made available to the newcomers he employed all the mechanism required to make films .
he made available to the newcomers he employed all the mechanism [] to make films .

It started well , but Hopper , who was acting , directing , and smoking , could not get the take he required .
it started well , but hopper , who was acting , directing , and smoking , could not get the take he [] .

Importantly for Nicholson , this quirk in the social order was all that was needed to give him the kick-start he required , and it also provided him with more money than he had ever earned before .
importantly for nicholson , this quirk in the social order was all that was needed to give him the kick-start he [] , and it also provided him with more money than he had ever earned before .

Donald Crubach spoke for all the men , to give the required answer .
donald crubach spoke for all the men , to give the [] answer .

Cattle and pigs , sheep and deer , fowl of all kinds both tame and wild were roasted by the dozen to feed them all with a generous hand , as Maclean honour required .
cattle and pigs , sheep and deer , fowl of all kinds both tame and wild were roasted by the dozen to feed them all with a generous hand , as maclean honour [] .

Over 6 % occupied dwellings deemed unfit ( compared to 3.9 % for those under 75 ) , and 14.9 % of the oldest householders required repairs to their property of more than 1,000 .
over 6 % occupied dwellings deemed unfit ( compared to 3.9 % for those under 75 ) , and 14.9 % of the oldest householders [] repairs to their property of more than 1,000 .

We can just as readily conclude that there is just one type of latent inhibition ; that the change induced by exposure to the stimulus always tends to dissipate during the exposure  test interval ; and that the size of the interval required for such a loss of latent inhibition to become apparent grows longer as the strength of the effect induced by the initial exposure phase is increased .
we can just as readily conclude that there is just one type of latent inhibition ; that the change induced by exposure to the stimulus always tends to dissipate during the exposure  test interval ; and that the size of the interval [] for such a loss of latent inhibition to become apparent grows longer as the strength of the effect induced by the initial exposure phase is increased .

Both these factors ( interference and low associability ) may hinder the formation of the association required during conditioning but this new association , when it is eventually formed , will not totally obliterate those formed during pre-exposure and there will be competition between old and new during a retrieval test .
both these factors ( interference and low associability ) may hinder the formation of the association [] during conditioning but this new association , when it is eventually formed , will not totally obliterate those formed during pre-exposure and there will be competition between old and new during a retrieval test .

In the test the subjects were required to learn to press a given switch out of four available in response to a given light .
in the test the subjects were [] to learn to press a given switch out of four available in response to a given light .

Ideally the control task would be one that required some sort of discrimination learning , thus ensuring that both groups came to the test phase having had the experience of learning one previous discrimination problem .
ideally the control task would be one that [] some sort of discrimination learning , thus ensuring that both groups came to the test phase having had the experience of learning one previous discrimination problem .

Such training , Kurtz argued , means that the subjects learn a discrimination and must attend to the stimuli although they are not required to label them differently .
such training , kurtz argued , means that the subjects learn a discrimination and must attend to the stimuli although they are not [] to label them differently .

The study by Arnoult ( 1953 ) , mentioned in the preceding section of this chapter , included a condition in which the subjects were tested not on a discriminative motor task but on a task which required them to make a judgement about whether two stimuli presented together were the same as or different from one another .
the study by arnoult ( 1953 ) , mentioned in the preceding section of this chapter , included a condition in which the subjects were tested not on a discriminative motor task but on a task which [] them to make a judgement about whether two stimuli presented together were the same as or different from one another .

The test required subjects to identify pre-trained stimuli when they were presented among new but similar stimuli .
the test [] subjects to identify pre-trained stimuli when they were presented among new but similar stimuli .

For six-pointed shapes of the type shown in Fig 5.5 , Ellis and Muller found that subjects who had learned labels for the various shapes out-performed controls ( who had simply observed the stimuli in the first phase of training ) on a motor task that required pressing one switch rather than some other in response to these stimuli .
for six-pointed shapes of the type shown in fig 5.5 , ellis and muller found that subjects who had learned labels for the various shapes out-performed controls ( who had simply observed the stimuli in the first phase of training ) on a motor task that [] pressing one switch rather than some other in response to these stimuli .

first , the failure of Robinson 's ( 1955 ) study to reveal an effect was not necessarily a consequence of the test procedure as DeRivera ( 1959 ) , who used stimuli and a pre-training procedure closely similar to those used by Robinson , was similarly unable to find an effect on test in spite of using a test procedure that required further associative learning .
first , the failure of robinson 's ( 1955 ) study to reveal an effect was not necessarily a consequence of the test procedure as derivera ( 1959 ) , who used stimuli and a pre-training procedure closely similar to those used by robinson , was similarly unable to find an effect on test in spite of using a test procedure that [] further associative learning .

In a pair of experiments by Jaynes ( 1950 ) , rats were required in the first-stage task to lift one of a pair of flaps bearing distinctive cues in order to obtain food .
in a pair of experiments by jaynes ( 1950 ) , rats were [] in the first-stage task to lift one of a pair of flaps bearing distinctive cues in order to obtain food .

When required to learn a further discrimination involving these same cues but a different response ( for example , a reversal in which a simple push to the previously non-rewarded cue now yielded reward ) the animals pre-trained with the larger magnitude response learned more readily .
when [] to learn a further discrimination involving these same cues but a different response ( for example , a reversal in which a simple push to the previously non-rewarded cue now yielded reward ) the animals pre-trained with the larger magnitude response learned more readily .

It needs elaboration , for instance , to deal with the case in which the response strategy learned in the first stage does not accord with the behaviour required in the second .
it needs elaboration , for instance , to deal with the case in which the response strategy learned in the first stage does not accord with the behaviour [] in the second .

In the test phase all subjects are required to learn a new task in which presentation of the tone signals that the left-hand of two levers will yield food and presentation of the clicker signals that a response to the right-hand lever will do so .
in the test phase all subjects are [] to learn a new task in which presentation of the tone signals that the left-hand of two levers will yield food and presentation of the clicker signals that a response to the right-hand lever will do so .

It is not clear if either of these possibilities accurately represents the full implications of Gibson 's ( 1969 ) differentiation theory , but both are capable of predicting the required result .
it is not clear if either of these possibilities accurately represents the full implications of gibson 's ( 1969 ) differentiation theory , but both are capable of predicting the [] result .

Given that the subjects were trained not to raise the negative flap at all , we may say that the difference between associates established to the two stimuli was greater in the case in which the more extensive motor response was required  that is , in the condition that produced superior transfer to a test discrimination involving the same stimuli .
given that the subjects were trained not to raise the negative flap at all , we may say that the difference between associates established to the two stimuli was greater in the case in which the more extensive motor response was []  that is , in the condition that produced superior transfer to a test discrimination involving the same stimuli .

Those who knew Hebrew took significantly less time to sort the pack than those who did not in the condition that required symbols having the same name to be put together .
those who knew hebrew took significantly less time to sort the pack than those who did not in the condition that [] symbols having the same name to be put together .

We can conclude that an associative mechanism is required in order to explain these findings .
we can conclude that an associative mechanism is [] in order to explain these findings .

What should be the relationship between these various ingredients of citizenship , and in particular between civil , political and social rights , the duties , legal and moral , of citizens and the duties of the state ? There would be dangers in making the enjoyment of the entitlements of citizenship conditional on the performance of the legal or moral duties of citizenship , especially the  voluntary obligations  of service to the community , since these entitlements are , it is suggested , too important to be  bought  by community service and forfeit for lack of the required track record of active citizenship ; also , it would be unduly intrusive to place these burdens on citizens who should be entitled to a private life , and many of whom  women with young children or dependent relatives to care for , for example  do not have the time or resources to do service to the wider community .
what should be the relationship between these various ingredients of citizenship , and in particular between civil , political and social rights , the duties , legal and moral , of citizens and the duties of the state ? there would be dangers in making the enjoyment of the entitlements of citizenship conditional on the performance of the legal or moral duties of citizenship , especially the  voluntary obligations  of service to the community , since these entitlements are , it is suggested , too important to be  bought  by community service and forfeit for lack of the [] track record of active citizenship ; also , it would be unduly intrusive to place these burdens on citizens who should be entitled to a private life , and many of whom  women with young children or dependent relatives to care for , for example  do not have the time or resources to do service to the wider community .

When determining their poll tax levies , districts were thus faced with already agreed demands from the counties , and their own precepts actually made up only a small proportion of the total amount community charge payers were required to pay .
when determining their poll tax levies , districts were thus faced with already agreed demands from the counties , and their own precepts actually made up only a small proportion of the total amount community charge payers were [] to pay .

Two or three cameras , mounted on tripods , could be placed in three select committee rooms and in two used by standing committees , and some upgrading of the lights was required in those rooms when the cameras were in use , but the aim was to make as few changes as possible during the experimental period .
two or three cameras , mounted on tripods , could be placed in three select committee rooms and in two used by standing committees , and some upgrading of the lights was [] in those rooms when the cameras were in use , but the aim was to make as few changes as possible during the experimental period .

The Committee proposed a broad statement of objectives with which the Operator would be required to abide :  The director should seek , in close collaboration with the Supervisor of Broadcasting , to give a full , balanced , fair and accurate account of proceedings , with the aim of informing viewers about the work of the House  . The precise restrictions the Committee recommended , and which were imposed at the beginning of the experiment , may be summarised as follows :
the committee proposed a broad statement of objectives with which the operator would be [] to abide :  the director should seek , in close collaboration with the supervisor of broadcasting , to give a full , balanced , fair and accurate account of proceedings , with the aim of informing viewers about the work of the house  . the precise restrictions the committee recommended , and which were imposed at the beginning of the experiment , may be summarised as follows :

As in the case of Basildon , only a small swing to Labour is required to take the seat .
as in the case of basildon , only a small swing to labour is [] to take the seat .

These days the only thing the notoriously fickle C2s seem capable of raising is the 10 per cent capital required by building societies before they hand over nine times as much money , which is in turn entrusted to the builders .
these days the only thing the notoriously fickle c2s seem capable of raising is the 10 per cent capital [] by building societies before they hand over nine times as much money , which is in turn entrusted to the builders .

Cynics may suggest that we are required to admire Nelson Mandela because he is fashionably black , but it can not be that simple .
cynics may suggest that we are [] to admire nelson mandela because he is fashionably black , but it can not be that simple .

The City defender , clearly felt that sterner action was required .
the city defender , clearly felt that sterner action was [] .

You may be required to pay up front for any treatment and will only be able to reclaim part of the cost .
you may be [] to pay up front for any treatment and will only be able to reclaim part of the cost .

 The district nurse decides the quantity and quality of care required each day to nurse the patient at home .
 the district nurse decides the quantity and quality of care [] each day to nurse the patient at home .

During busier days they brought companies to the unlisted securities market but required owners to sell only 15 p.c .
during busier days they brought companies to the unlisted securities market but [] owners to sell only 15 p.c .

Under the deal which the two sides were considering , Chelsea would still be required to offer Third Division Fulham a permanent home when they leave Craven Cottage .
under the deal which the two sides were considering , chelsea would still be [] to offer third division fulham a permanent home when they leave craven cottage .

Mr Bill Loveluck-Edwards , voted best-dressed solicitor in town two years ago , failed to meet the high standards required by the bench in Bridgend , Mid Glamorgan .
mr bill loveluck-edwards , voted best-dressed solicitor in town two years ago , failed to meet the high standards [] by the bench in bridgend , mid glamorgan .

Foster parents required .
foster parents [] .

Nominator was no match for the Barry Hills-trained Touch Silver in Doncaster 's Brocklesby Stakes , but Reg Hollinshead 's juvenile will know more about what is required today and can put that experience to good use when tackling the Beast Fair Maiden Stakes ( 4.15 ) .
nominator was no match for the barry hills-trained touch silver in doncaster 's brocklesby stakes , but reg hollinshead 's juvenile will know more about what is [] today and can put that experience to good use when tackling the beast fair maiden stakes ( 4.15 ) .

The banks are believed to be reaching the point where their capital will fall below the minimum required under rules imposed by the Bank for International Settlements .
the banks are believed to be reaching the point where their capital will fall below the minimum [] under rules imposed by the bank for international settlements .

Regimented jubilation was not required , though , as the Majors clasped , kissed and saluted a crowd which also included the England cricket captain , Graham Gooch .
regimented jubilation was not [] , though , as the majors clasped , kissed and saluted a crowd which also included the england cricket captain , graham gooch .

Mr Kinnock refused to consider circumstances in which he failed to win outright and was required to include Liberal Democrats in his Cabinet at the head of a coalition government .
mr kinnock refused to consider circumstances in which he failed to win outright and was [] to include liberal democrats in his cabinet at the head of a coalition government .

Despite the evidence in front of our eyes , we are required to accept that Michael is a writer of real stature so that Harwood can conduct a somewhat stodgy debate about the way art feeds off real life , and transforms reality in the process .
despite the evidence in front of our eyes , we are [] to accept that michael is a writer of real stature so that harwood can conduct a somewhat stodgy debate about the way art feeds off real life , and transforms reality in the process .

Although Allied have been working steadily to free or sell their required quota of pubs under government rules , few of the disposals have come from the 700-plus London estate of Taylor Walker .
although allied have been working steadily to free or sell their [] quota of pubs under government rules , few of the disposals have come from the 700-plus london estate of taylor walker .

Bleaching : is a process that may be necessary , either to remove stains caused by weathering , ink or water , or if the article that is to be finished is required in a lighter shade .
bleaching : is a process that may be necessary , either to remove stains caused by weathering , ink or water , or if the article that is to be finished is [] in a lighter shade .

If the wood has been bleached because a light coloured timber is required , then a very pale finish must be applied to prevent darkening the surface .
if the wood has been bleached because a light coloured timber is [] , then a very pale finish must be applied to prevent darkening the surface .

Furniture requires finishes that can be made perfectly smooth to the touch and that can be brought to a mirror-like gloss , if required .
furniture requires finishes that can be made perfectly smooth to the touch and that can be brought to a mirror-like gloss , if [] .

Three coats are usually sufficient if a high gloss finish is required .
three coats are usually sufficient if a high gloss finish is [] .

Straighten the bristles after cleaning and wrap with clean plain paper , so that the bristles maintain their shape , and then lay it on its side until it is required for use .
straighten the bristles after cleaning and wrap with clean plain paper , so that the bristles maintain their shape , and then lay it on its side until it is [] for use .

If a high gloss or mirror finish is required , then it is necessary to use either a grainfiller to fill the pores of the wood , or to apply extra coats of finish , rubbing down between coats until the grain has been filled .
if a high gloss or mirror finish is [] , then it is necessary to use either a grainfiller to fill the pores of the wood , or to apply extra coats of finish , rubbing down between coats until the grain has been filled .

If a different base colour is required , now is the time to apply a wood dye
if a different base colour is [] , now is the time to apply a wood dye

However , it drills three times as fast with only one third of the effort required with a normal percussion drill .
however , it drills three times as fast with only one third of the effort [] with a normal percussion drill .

The carton and post are then buried at the required depth .
the carton and post are then buried at the [] depth .

Drill the end of this piece with a in diameter clearance hole to required depth .
drill the end of this piece with a in diameter clearance hole to [] depth .

Where a power planer is required , then the Pro-Range 's 1901 is the machine to have .
where a power planer is [] , then the pro-range 's 1901 is the machine to have .

It comprises a transmitter and a portable receiver which is designed to be moved from one location to another as required .
it comprises a transmitter and a portable receiver which is designed to be moved from one location to another as [] .

Although no detailed plans are necessary , you will be required to provide a location plan showing the siting of your building , the boundaries of the site and particulars of any drainage works .
although no detailed plans are necessary , you will be [] to provide a location plan showing the siting of your building , the boundaries of the site and particulars of any drainage works .

Unlike the Full Plans method , the use of the Building Notice procedure does not entitle you to any documentary proof from your council that your proposal is satisfactory , or that the work will be accepted by the Buildings Control Officer who is required to inspect the work as it proceeds .
unlike the full plans method , the use of the building notice procedure does not entitle you to any documentary proof from your council that your proposal is satisfactory , or that the work will be accepted by the buildings control officer who is [] to inspect the work as it proceeds .

Another disadvantage of the Building Notice procedure is that if your work is to be financed by a bank or building society , then you may be required to produce some form of documentary proof that your proposal is satisfactory when you are negotiating for your loan .
another disadvantage of the building notice procedure is that if your work is to be financed by a bank or building society , then you may be [] to produce some form of documentary proof that your proposal is satisfactory when you are negotiating for your loan .

In so doing Railfreight chalked up an achievement which would scarcely be considered feasible by any other European railway administration : only in Britain is the freight-carrying railway required to function without government subsidy .
in so doing railfreight chalked up an achievement which would scarcely be considered feasible by any other european railway administration : only in britain is the freight-carrying railway [] to function without government subsidy .

While the costs of maintaining the closed route will be saved , these may be offset by the need to deploy additional resources because of the extra time required to send trains via the diversionary route .
while the costs of maintaining the closed route will be saved , these may be offset by the need to deploy additional resources because of the extra time [] to send trains via the diversionary route .

We gave our regards to Broad Street on 27 June 1986 when the last train pulled out , the site required for redevelopment .
we gave our regards to broad street on 27 june 1986 when the last train pulled out , the site [] for redevelopment .

Until October of this year , the package was free to all who required it .
until october of this year , the package was free to all who [] it .

Age Concern believes that a national energy strategy is required to improve standards of insulation and energy conservation and to reduce the high costs of heating which deter poorer consumers from keeping themselves warm .
age concern believes that a national energy strategy is [] to improve standards of insulation and energy conservation and to reduce the high costs of heating which deter poorer consumers from keeping themselves warm .

He or she may recommend chiropody , or visits from a district nurse ; or physiotherapy may be required to help regain mobility after an operation .
he or she may recommend chiropody , or visits from a district nurse ; or physiotherapy may be [] to help regain mobility after an operation .

Under objectives stated in the White Paper , Caring for people , local authorities are required to take all reasonable steps to ensure a diversity of provision in their area .
under objectives stated in the white paper , caring for people , local authorities are [] to take all reasonable steps to ensure a diversity of provision in their area .

At the time of writing it appears that the broker in this case has gone into liquidation without making the required payment , and the couple must now turn to the Investors ' Compensation Scheme , which can pay compensation in cases where ( a ) the broker has gone into liquidation , and ( b ) the original investment was taken up about 28 August 1988 .
at the time of writing it appears that the broker in this case has gone into liquidation without making the [] payment , and the couple must now turn to the investors ' compensation scheme , which can pay compensation in cases where ( a ) the broker has gone into liquidation , and ( b ) the original investment was taken up about 28 august 1988 .

For Income Support the claimant will not be required to be available for employment during that eight-week period .
for income support the claimant will not be [] to be available for employment during that eight-week period .

that the hours of work required for a person to be treated as in  remunerative work  will be reduced from not fewer than 24 to not fewer than 16 hours a week from April 1992 .
that the hours of work [] for a person to be treated as in  remunerative work  will be reduced from not fewer than 24 to not fewer than 16 hours a week from april 1992 .

The Commissioner considers the quality of decisions by Social Fund Inspectors to be high with around 90 % reaching the  high quality standard required  .
the commissioner considers the quality of decisions by social fund inspectors to be high with around 90 % reaching the  high quality standard []  .

Nor does it make any statements about the costs of administrative and managerial change , or of the considerable developments in information technology which will be required to carry out some of its proposals .
nor does it make any statements about the costs of administrative and managerial change , or of the considerable developments in information technology which will be [] to carry out some of its proposals .

Regular treatment of your dog and your home with a suitable insecticide is all that 's required , so it 's no more than you should already be doing to control our old friend the flea !
regular treatment of your dog and your home with a suitable insecticide is all that 's [] , so it 's no more than you should already be doing to control our old friend the flea !

In reality , if your pet is left with a small , beautifully-sutured wound , then all credit must go the skill of your veterinary surgeon and it 's worth remembering that , for the time and skill required , spaying is a very cheap and justifiable operation .
in reality , if your pet is left with a small , beautifully-sutured wound , then all credit must go the skill of your veterinary surgeon and it 's worth remembering that , for the time and skill [] , spaying is a very cheap and justifiable operation .

The needles are usually left in for about 15 minutes and are vibrated at intervals to achieve the required effect .
the needles are usually left in for about 15 minutes and are vibrated at intervals to achieve the [] effect .

Sessions generally last for about 40 minutes and are required , by necessity , on a regular basis .
sessions generally last for about 40 minutes and are [] , by necessity , on a regular basis .

 You 're also required for demonstration work with your own unit during the waiting period before starting the dog-training course .
 you 're also [] for demonstration work with your own unit during the waiting period before starting the dog-training course .

However , the capitals ' sports-climbers were dismayed to discover that because of an agreement between Bendcrete and the Sobell to share profits from any organised competitions , a special sports licence was required for insurance purposes : a licence which the sports centre lacked .
however , the capitals ' sports-climbers were dismayed to discover that because of an agreement between bendcrete and the sobell to share profits from any organised competitions , a special sports licence was [] for insurance purposes : a licence which the sports centre lacked .

No technical climbing skills are required , but double boots and crampions , ice axe or ski sticks , a good duvet and thermal gloves and overmitts are essential .
no technical climbing skills are [] , but double boots and crampions , ice axe or ski sticks , a good duvet and thermal gloves and overmitts are essential .

Yet Binyon knew the unformulated rules of the society that he moved in , and played the game consistently as the amateur that that society required him to be .
yet binyon knew the unformulated rules of the society that he moved in , and played the game consistently as the amateur that that society [] him to be .

Like the less diplomatically suave authority , Theodore Haecker , whom Eliot was at times glad to call on , the author of Four Quartets and editor of The Criterion required us to take Virgil as , above all , the author of the Fourth Eclogue , the pagan poet who prophesied Christianity , whose vision of human history must accordingly be seen as completed and vindicated by The Divine Comedy .
like the less diplomatically suave authority , theodore haecker , whom eliot was at times glad to call on , the author of four quartets and editor of the criterion [] us to take virgil as , above all , the author of the fourth eclogue , the pagan poet who prophesied christianity , whose vision of human history must accordingly be seen as completed and vindicated by the divine comedy .

For among the rather few objections by Pound that Eliot paid no attention to were one or two which would have required him to make consistent , in terms of locality and historical period , some of his references to London life .
for among the rather few objections by pound that eliot paid no attention to were one or two which would have [] him to make consistent , in terms of locality and historical period , some of his references to london life .

The potentiometer is a stable cermet multi-turn type to allow the high resolution setting required at the highest sensitivity .
the potentiometer is a stable cermet multi-turn type to allow the high resolution setting [] at the highest sensitivity .

If the intention is to make serious measurements calibration with a Helmholtz coil will be required .
if the intention is to make serious measurements calibration with a helmholtz coil will be [] .

Most power converters are required to provide transformer isolation between input and output , and the isolated version of the Cuk converter has to have energy coupling capacitors on all its windings , so that they then have to be provided as energy coupling devices plus the transformer .
most power converters are [] to provide transformer isolation between input and output , and the isolated version of the cuk converter has to have energy coupling capacitors on all its windings , so that they then have to be provided as energy coupling devices plus the transformer .

The large reduction in ripple currents is an advantage , but input and output decoupling capacitors are still required .
the large reduction in ripple currents is an advantage , but input and output decoupling capacitors are still [] .

On the other hand , the required energy coupling capacitors cause problems and can be expensive at higher current levels , and there does not seem to be any proof that there is a volume , weight , or cost saving over the standard Buck topology for any given equivalent performance level .
on the other hand , the [] energy coupling capacitors cause problems and can be expensive at higher current levels , and there does not seem to be any proof that there is a volume , weight , or cost saving over the standard buck topology for any given equivalent performance level .

In the  packed-pixel  method , the sequence of memory bits is divided into blocks according to the number of bits required per pixel .
in the  packed-pixel  method , the sequence of memory bits is divided into blocks according to the number of bits [] per pixel .

They have devised several ways of producing the required magnetic field , including a slotted busbar ( such as might be used in a power station ) around which the fibre can be wrapped .
they have devised several ways of producing the [] magnetic field , including a slotted busbar ( such as might be used in a power station ) around which the fibre can be wrapped .

The characteristics of optical fibre change with temperature , sufficiently to change the required magnetic field period .
the characteristics of optical fibre change with temperature , sufficiently to change the [] magnetic field period .

4a , middle left ) shows a first order switched capacitor integrator where each switch element is implemented with a single GaAs igfet device replacing the multi-device circuits required by standard mesfet technology .
4a , middle left ) shows a first order switched capacitor integrator where each switch element is implemented with a single gaas igfet device replacing the multi-device circuits [] by standard mesfet technology .

People in literature departments are not used to handling ideas , it not being their mtier , and traditionally they were not required to , beyond such elementary tokens as the Elizabethian World Picture or the Death of God .
people in literature departments are not used to handling ideas , it not being their mtier , and traditionally they were not [] to , beyond such elementary tokens as the elizabethian world picture or the death of god .

In many academic disciplines no prior knowledge is required or assumed .
in many academic disciplines no prior knowledge is [] or assumed .

In the 1980s , following on government cuts in finance , British universities have been engaged in a desperate scramble for overseas students and the more-or-less economic fees they are required to pay .
in the 1980s , following on government cuts in finance , british universities have been engaged in a desperate scramble for overseas students and the more-or-less economic fees they are [] to pay .

The task of the academic is to teach and engage in research , and , if required , to take on administrative duties .
the task of the academic is to teach and engage in research , and , if [] , to take on administrative duties .

The Minnesota law , requiring both parents be told , was upheld by a local federal appeals court , since the parents ' consent was not required .
the minnesota law , requiring both parents be told , was upheld by a local federal appeals court , since the parents ' consent was not [] .

They are , of course , required for the older works in the repertoire and probably in newer story ballets where all ages should be seen if a plot is to have credibility .
they are , of course , [] for the older works in the repertoire and probably in newer story ballets where all ages should be seen if a plot is to have credibility .

Merely to count all the details that it is necessary to accumulate from the preparation of a scenario and score through rehearsal to public performance should make it clear that co-operation from other artists as well as from dancers is required .
merely to count all the details that it is necessary to accumulate from the preparation of a scenario and score through rehearsal to public performance should make it clear that co-operation from other artists as well as from dancers is [] .

This required a knowledge of the theory of numbers and geometrical design , of singing and playing some musical instrument , of composing poems , of dancing , fencing and sword play , as well as of practising the fashionable sports and pastimes .
this [] a knowledge of the theory of numbers and geometrical design , of singing and playing some musical instrument , of composing poems , of dancing , fencing and sword play , as well as of practising the fashionable sports and pastimes .

There are few , if any , suggestions of how individual movements can be linked together to achieve some expressive or rhythmic quality suitable to the style of dance required by the plot , theme and/or music .
there are few , if any , suggestions of how individual movements can be linked together to achieve some expressive or rhythmic quality suitable to the style of dance [] by the plot , theme and/or music .

This is required of the Four Fairies , the Fairy Godmother and the Stars in Ashton 's Cinderella .
this is [] of the four fairies , the fairy godmother and the stars in ashton 's cinderella .

These often required jokes , tricks and special ploys , all of which were performed in dumb show , something at which the great mimes Grock and Charlie Chaplin were expert .
these often [] jokes , tricks and special ploys , all of which were performed in dumb show , something at which the great mimes grock and charlie chaplin were expert .

This is usually to throw light on the character being played or to create the right atmosphere for the location of the action and for the expressive action required for the unfolding of the plot or theme .
this is usually to throw light on the character being played or to create the right atmosphere for the location of the action and for the expressive action [] for the unfolding of the plot or theme .

Such romantic libretti required a choreographer to have a greater understanding of the significance of each movement , particularly if the protagonists came from different classes or environments as in La Sylphide ( a farmer and a fairy ) or Giselle ( a count and a peasant ) .
such romantic libretti [] a choreographer to have a greater understanding of the significance of each movement , particularly if the protagonists came from different classes or environments as in la sylphide ( a farmer and a fairy ) or giselle ( a count and a peasant ) .

Steps should be classified under the terms used in the classical vocabulary so that they have a commonly recognised form , e.g. the three changes of weight required by the Russian  Kolokol  or bell step and the Hungarian  Harang  make them pas de bourre , whilst the  goat 's leap  known in several countries becomes the pas de chat .
steps should be classified under the terms used in the classical vocabulary so that they have a commonly recognised form , e.g. the three changes of weight [] by the russian  kolokol  or bell step and the hungarian  harang  make them pas de bourre , whilst the  goat 's leap  known in several countries becomes the pas de chat .

Then in September 1983 ,  Wally  Fuentes Morrison let him know that his skills were once again required for a special operation .
then in september 1983 ,  wally  fuentes morrison let him know that his skills were once again [] for a special operation .

Strip the argument for boxing down to its bare elements and you find Leonard producing exactly the fight required .
strip the argument for boxing down to its bare elements and you find leonard producing exactly the fight [] .

Mrs Howard said :  Unless we are given a lot more resources we will not be able to carry out the weekly monitoring required .
mrs howard said :  unless we are given a lot more resources we will not be able to carry out the weekly monitoring [] .

The scale of economic assistance which will be required if these economies are to be integrated into the world financial and trading system is without any recent parallel .
the scale of economic assistance which will be [] if these economies are to be integrated into the world financial and trading system is without any recent parallel .

It also required them to disclose any commissions they earn to the client  guaranteeing a more difficult sale .
it also [] them to disclose any commissions they earn to the client  guaranteeing a more difficult sale .

Perseverance is required to understand the story and one had to read between the lines to find the book 's full meaning .
perseverance is [] to understand the story and one had to read between the lines to find the book 's full meaning .

Other race groups are not required to do national service .
other race groups are not [] to do national service .

The troubled programme has been bedevilled by the tardiness of some countries in implementing the 278 proposals required to remove all internal frontiers to business , and Mrs Thatcher found herself in the slightly unusual position of being praised by Mr Jacques Delors , the president of the European Commission , for being in the vanguard of the reform process .
the troubled programme has been bedevilled by the tardiness of some countries in implementing the 278 proposals [] to remove all internal frontiers to business , and mrs thatcher found herself in the slightly unusual position of being praised by mr jacques delors , the president of the european commission , for being in the vanguard of the reform process .

Claimants on income support are now required to pay a 20 per cent contribution to rates or poll tax bills .
claimants on income support are now [] to pay a 20 per cent contribution to rates or poll tax bills .

 These answers are required so that the full cost of the Rover deal can be assessed ,  Mr Brown said yesterday .
 these answers are [] so that the full cost of the rover deal can be assessed ,  mr brown said yesterday .

Brazil 's President , Mr Jose Sarney , is required by the constitution to leave office by March 15 .
brazil 's president , mr jose sarney , is [] by the constitution to leave office by march 15 .

Other race groups are not required to do national service .
other race groups are not [] to do national service .

Such a pulsating close battle required firmer handling than administered by Brian Wallis , for there were quite a few personal grudges raging .
such a pulsating close battle [] firmer handling than administered by brian wallis , for there were quite a few personal grudges raging .

In their absence , Jerry Jenkins , a veteran so aged that his court time is usually handed out in short and widely spaced passages , was required to carry a heavier load .
in their absence , jerry jenkins , a veteran so aged that his court time is usually handed out in short and widely spaced passages , was [] to carry a heavier load .

Christians are not required to believe that humanness is created in an instant , Dr Habgood tells House of Lords debate Opposition to embryo research mistaken , says archbishop Embryology Bill .
christians are not [] to believe that humanness is created in an instant , dr habgood tells house of lords debate opposition to embryo research mistaken , says archbishop embryology bill .

Dr John Habgood , speaking in the Lords during the second reading debate on the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Bill , said :  Christians are no more required to believe that humanness is created in an instant than we are required to believe in the historical existence of Adam and Eve . 
dr john habgood , speaking in the lords during the second reading debate on the human fertilisation and embryology bill , said :  christians are no more [] to believe that humanness is created in an instant than we are [] to believe in the historical existence of adam and eve . 

He goes on :  Since these costs  would have to be paid by a grant  and since a grant of above 10 million requires affirmative resolution [ and thus debate ] in the House , it seems there are two choices : to cap the BAe grant at 9.5 million ; or set the ceiling at 13.5 million and for you to accept the greater risk of challenge and thus repayment being required .
he goes on :  since these costs  would have to be paid by a grant  and since a grant of above 10 million requires affirmative resolution [ and thus debate ] in the house , it seems there are two choices : to cap the bae grant at 9.5 million ; or set the ceiling at 13.5 million and for you to accept the greater risk of challenge and thus repayment being [] .

Guns Mill was an ideal site , as the pure water supply required for paper making was available from St Anthony 's Well .
guns mill was an ideal site , as the pure water supply [] for paper making was available from st anthony 's well .

The Avon also supplies the large quantities of water required for steam raising , a process that powered the mill for over 75 years .
the avon also supplies the large quantities of water [] for steam raising , a process that powered the mill for over 75 years .

 When making weft cloth , before starting to weave the weaver needs a supply of cops of all the colours required in the carpet .
 when making weft cloth , before starting to weave the weaver needs a supply of cops of all the colours [] in the carpet .

Though parents are usually eager to help they are often unclear of what is required of them .
though parents are usually eager to help they are often unclear of what is [] of them .

Every school is required by law ( Education [ School Information ] Regulations 1981 and Education Reform Act 1988 , Circular 1988 , Circular 14/89 ) to produce a prospectus which must contain at least the following information :
every school is [] by law ( education [ school information ] regulations 1981 and education reform act 1988 , circular 1988 , circular 14/89 ) to produce a prospectus which must contain at least the following information :

About 580 times the volume of waste water is produced for the pulp required for the paper cup ,  says Hocking .
about 580 times the volume of waste water is produced for the pulp [] for the paper cup ,  says hocking .

They then build the plants required to generate the energy .
they then build the plants [] to generate the energy .

Least cost might mean less money required to install equipment or buy fuel .
least cost might mean less money [] to install equipment or buy fuel .

 We arrived at the energy required in the year 2000 by estimating the growth rates for each category of consumer ,  says Reddy .
 we arrived at the energy [] in the year 2000 by estimating the growth rates for each category of consumer ,  says reddy .

People miss the point in thinking extra investment will be required ( in the Third World ) to combat climate change .
people miss the point in thinking extra investment will be [] ( in the third world ) to combat climate change .

Ultimately to support his power Mussolini was required to invent goals .
ultimately to support his power mussolini was [] to invent goals .

The church of Santa Maria presso ( near ) San Satiro is an awkward church for the visitor , lying between two roads in such a way that a detour along a busy shopping street is required to complete a visit .
the church of santa maria presso ( near ) san satiro is an awkward church for the visitor , lying between two roads in such a way that a detour along a busy shopping street is [] to complete a visit .

It is the only room on the ground floor which is not required for showing to Trust visitors .
it is the only room on the ground floor which is not [] for showing to trust visitors .

The education of the autistic child will require the same heightened degree of patience and discipline required for the child with Down 's Syndrome .
the education of the autistic child will require the same heightened degree of patience and discipline [] for the child with down 's syndrome .

If mental handicap hospitals are to be phased out , a comprehensive range of alternative facilities and services will be required for the care of the mentally handicapped .
if mental handicap hospitals are to be phased out , a comprehensive range of alternative facilities and services will be [] for the care of the mentally handicapped .

Efforts are initially made to persuade the parents to bring up the child at home , but where this does not prove successful or is not considered a wise step , some form of full-time residential care is required .
efforts are initially made to persuade the parents to bring up the child at home , but where this does not prove successful or is not considered a wise step , some form of full-time residential care is [] .

As the following table shows , this was well below the required numbers , as was the availability of places in foster homes and private lodgings .
as the following table shows , this was well below the [] numbers , as was the availability of places in foster homes and private lodgings .

Since then , it has been established that the requirements stated in the White Paper were themselves inadequate , and that 75,000 places will eventually be required in England alone .
since then , it has been established that the requirements stated in the white paper were themselves inadequate , and that 75,000 places will eventually be [] in england alone .

Ian Kennedy , Reader in Law at King 's College , London , who gave the 1980 Reith lecture on medical ethics , felt that firmer legal guidelines were required to ensure that handicapped babies were not left to die , and that the decision could not be left to parents and doctors .
ian kennedy , reader in law at king 's college , london , who gave the 1980 reith lecture on medical ethics , felt that firmer legal guidelines were [] to ensure that handicapped babies were not left to die , and that the decision could not be left to parents and doctors .

It involved another Down 's baby , a girl called Alexandra , who required a life-saving operation to remove an intestinal obstruction .
it involved another down 's baby , a girl called alexandra , who [] a life-saving operation to remove an intestinal obstruction .

The child again required a life-saving operation ; this time to remove a stomach blockage .
the child again [] a life-saving operation ; this time to remove a stomach blockage .

For the same reason , handicapped children should be increasingly integrated into normal schools , although special schools will still be required for special learning difficulties .
for the same reason , handicapped children should be increasingly integrated into normal schools , although special schools will still be [] for special learning difficulties .

In chronic cases the potency is usually administered every alternate day , or less frequent intervals if required .
in chronic cases the potency is usually administered every alternate day , or less frequent intervals if [] .

The choice of how many tablespoons to make the solution with depends on how much of the granule is required in each tablespoon dose i.e .
the choice of how many tablespoons to make the solution with depends on how much of the granule is [] in each tablespoon dose i.e .

It required surgical pinning , sutering and casting .
it [] surgical pinning , sutering and casting .

Section 6 stated that although parents should be allowed to state a preference for a school , compliance with that preference was not required if it would  prejudice the provision of efficient education or the efficient use of resources  .
section 6 stated that although parents should be allowed to state a preference for a school , compliance with that preference was not [] if it would  prejudice the provision of efficient education or the efficient use of resources  .

In some cases approval of the Secretary of State is required .
in some cases approval of the secretary of state is [] .

Such approval is always required if the admissions authority seeks a reduction in the admissions limit , and thus a new standard number .
such approval is always [] if the admissions authority seeks a reduction in the admissions limit , and thus a new standard number .

In law , a parent is required by section 36 of the Education Act 1944 to ensure that his/her child of compulsory school age ( 516 years ) receives  efficient full-time education , suitable to his age , ability and aptitude , either by regular attendance at school or otherwise  .
in law , a parent is [] by section 36 of the education act 1944 to ensure that his/her child of compulsory school age ( 516 years ) receives  efficient full-time education , suitable to his age , ability and aptitude , either by regular attendance at school or otherwise  .

True to this tradition , the DES/Welsh Office National Curriculum consultation document of July 1987 stated that while , to be effective , a national framework for the secular curriculum required the backing of the law ,  legislation alone will not raise standards  .
true to this tradition , the des/welsh office national curriculum consultation document of july 1987 stated that while , to be effective , a national framework for the secular curriculum [] the backing of the law ,  legislation alone will not raise standards  .

Head teachers are responsible for ensuing that teachers do teach and carry out assessments as required  .
head teachers are responsible for ensuing that teachers do teach and carry out assessments as []  .

They can always do more than is required , and how they do it is left open ; but they may not do less .
they can always do more than is [] , and how they do it is left open ; but they may not do less .

As Clune puts it :  Being required to do anything and especially being required to do something specific can not match the effectiveness of internally motivated , adaptive behaviour directed at the same underlying end .
as clune puts it :  being [] to do anything and especially being [] to do something specific can not match the effectiveness of internally motivated , adaptive behaviour directed at the same underlying end .

The Act required the whole school to meet for the daily act of collective worship unless the school premises made this impracticable .
the act [] the whole school to meet for the daily act of collective worship unless the school premises made this impracticable .

The above example also prompts discussion of the extent to which a school might be required to go towards accommodating the diverse needs of various ethnic minority groups represented amongst the pupil body .
the above example also prompts discussion of the extent to which a school might be [] to go towards accommodating the diverse needs of various ethnic minority groups represented amongst the pupil body .

If a school is going to prepare a pupil for the  opportunities and experiences of adult life  as it is required to do by section 1 of the Education Reform Act 1988 , it surely can not ignore his/her sex education .
if a school is going to prepare a pupil for the  opportunities and experiences of adult life  as it is [] to do by section 1 of the education reform act 1988 , it surely can not ignore his/her sex education .

Section 44 states that LEAs , head teachers and governing bodies are required to forbid the pursuit , at a junior school , of  partisan political activities  by pupils , and , at any school ,  the promotion of partisan political views in the teaching of any subject  .
section 44 states that leas , head teachers and governing bodies are [] to forbid the pursuit , at a junior school , of  partisan political activities  by pupils , and , at any school ,  the promotion of partisan political views in the teaching of any subject  .

These bodies are also required to ensure that pupils at primary and secondary schools are offered a  balanced presentation of opposing views  when political issues are brought to their attention at school or during extracurricular activities organised by or on behalf of the school ( section 45 ) .
these bodies are also [] to ensure that pupils at primary and secondary schools are offered a  balanced presentation of opposing views  when political issues are brought to their attention at school or during extracurricular activities organised by or on behalf of the school ( section 45 ) .

when a parent sends his child to school , he delegates to teachers at the school the power to inflict reasonable and moderate punishment as required  and  he delegates to the teacher the taking of such steps as are necessary to maintain discipline with regard to the child committed to the teacher 's care .
when a parent sends his child to school , he delegates to teachers at the school the power to inflict reasonable and moderate punishment as []  and  he delegates to the teacher the taking of such steps as are necessary to maintain discipline with regard to the child committed to the teacher 's care .

The head teacher is required to inform the parents of a pupil who is to be excluded ( or the pupil him/herself if aged at least 18 ) of the period of , and reasons for , the exclusion .
the head teacher is [] to inform the parents of a pupil who is to be excluded ( or the pupil him/herself if aged at least 18 ) of the period of , and reasons for , the exclusion .

Funding an operation of this kind required the authorisation of the office of France 's prime minister , Laurent Fabius , and he was certainly not going to give that without the president 's approval .
funding an operation of this kind [] the authorisation of the office of france 's prime minister , laurent fabius , and he was certainly not going to give that without the president 's approval .

But though obedience may be justly required , servility is not to be exacted ; and though it may be lawful to exert authority , it must be remembered , that to govern and to tyrannize are very different , and that oppression will naturally provoke rebellion
but though obedience may be justly [] , servility is not to be exacted ; and though it may be lawful to exert authority , it must be remembered , that to govern and to tyrannize are very different , and that oppression will naturally provoke rebellion

Robert Dodsley , for example , in his poem Servitude ( 1729 ) describes the various qualities required in a good servant , with emphasis on obedience :  Submission next must an Admittance find , / The humble Liv'ry of a Servant 's Mind  Stephen Duck and Mary Collier , however , both describe reproaches from a master or mistress .
robert dodsley , for example , in his poem servitude ( 1729 ) describes the various qualities [] in a good servant , with emphasis on obedience :  submission next must an admittance find , / the humble liv'ry of a servant 's mind  stephen duck and mary collier , however , both describe reproaches from a master or mistress .

required of her , the point of conflict in Duck 's and Collier 's
[] of her , the point of conflict in duck 's and collier 's

In winter time the stoking of the fires required enormous quantities of wood , so that the Palace was filled with the constant coming and going of footmen , carriers of water or carriers of wood .
in winter time the stoking of the fires [] enormous quantities of wood , so that the palace was filled with the constant coming and going of footmen , carriers of water or carriers of wood .

Eugnie loved the sea and was a strong swimmer even though at Biarritz she found that  the sea was very cold and it required great strength of mind to get in  .
eugnie loved the sea and was a strong swimmer even though at biarritz she found that  the sea was very cold and it [] great strength of mind to get in  .

This meant that the guest lists had to be scrutinized with great care and it required considerable awareness on the part of Eugnie to be able to decide who would match with whom .
this meant that the guest lists had to be scrutinized with great care and it [] considerable awareness on the part of eugnie to be able to decide who would match with whom .

Before Haussmann attempts had been made by various small companies to provide street lighting by gas , but once again it required the drive and determination of the new regime to bring all these together and to create one large company charged with the responsibility of lighting the whole of the city .
before haussmann attempts had been made by various small companies to provide street lighting by gas , but once again it [] the drive and determination of the new regime to bring all these together and to create one large company charged with the responsibility of lighting the whole of the city .

If it had been only the Empress and a Court clique who desired war , things might have turned out differently , but given the wave of bellicosity which swept the entire nation , it would have required a miracle to produce a peaceful end to the crisis .
if it had been only the empress and a court clique who desired war , things might have turned out differently , but given the wave of bellicosity which swept the entire nation , it would have [] a miracle to produce a peaceful end to the crisis .

interact positively with other group members in an increasingly wide range of situations , eg collaborating on an assignment where a specific outcome is required ;
interact positively with other group members in an increasingly wide range of situations , eg collaborating on an assignment where a specific outcome is [] ;

The range of activities should be widely varied , including the preparations of presentations , eg to the class , the school assembly or to parents , planning and problem-solving activities across the curriculum , undertaking assignments where specific outcomes are required , talking about stories and poems and taking part in shared writing activities .
the range of activities should be widely varied , including the preparations of presentations , eg to the class , the school assembly or to parents , planning and problem-solving activities across the curriculum , undertaking assignments where specific outcomes are [] , talking about stories and poems and taking part in shared writing activities .

Pupils should learn that Standard English is the language of wide social communication and is particularly likely to be required in public , formal settings .
pupils should learn that standard english is the language of wide social communication and is particularly likely to be [] in public , formal settings .

However , we have not included a poetry strand in the statements of attainment because we do not feel that any pupil should be required to write a poem in order to achieve a particular level of attainment .
however , we have not included a poetry strand in the statements of attainment because we do not feel that any pupil should be [] to write a poem in order to achieve a particular level of attainment .

Make some use of literary stylistic features , such as alteration of word order for emphasis or the deliberate repetition of words or sentence patterns , and of those features that characterise an impersonal style when required , using Standard English ( except in contexts where non-standard forms are needed for literary purposes , eg in dialogue , in a story or playscript ) .
make some use of literary stylistic features , such as alteration of word order for emphasis or the deliberate repetition of words or sentence patterns , and of those features that characterise an impersonal style when [] , using standard english ( except in contexts where non-standard forms are needed for literary purposes , eg in dialogue , in a story or playscript ) .

Spell correctly , in the course of their own writing , words of increasing complexity , including words with inflectional suffixes , eg -ed , -ing , where consonant doubling , eg running , or -e deletion are required , eg coming .
spell correctly , in the course of their own writing , words of increasing complexity , including words with inflectional suffixes , eg -ed , -ing , where consonant doubling , eg running , or -e deletion are [] , eg coming .

1.20 The terms of reference of the Kingman Committee required it :
1.20 the terms of reference of the kingman committee [] it :

 Fortunately , coroners are not required to indulge in transcendental divination as to the locus of a murder .
 fortunately , coroners are not [] to indulge in transcendental divination as to the locus of a murder .

Equally , we must only say in general terms what is required of him .
equally , we must only say in general terms what is [] of him .

If your engine is using a lot of oil it sounds as if a replacement or rebuild is required .
if your engine is using a lot of oil it sounds as if a replacement or rebuild is [] .

1 ) The 4 023 can be direct or indirect injection depending on the original engine application 2 ) You connect the brake servo to the exhauster pump fitted to the front of the engine 3 ) Your radiator , if in good condition , is perfect for the diesel 4 ) The brakes and suspension as fitted to the 2.6 are fine 5 ) One fuel filter and water trap are sufficient on the fuel system unless operating the vehicle in a very dirty environment where two would be required
1 ) the 4 023 can be direct or indirect injection depending on the original engine application 2 ) you connect the brake servo to the exhauster pump fitted to the front of the engine 3 ) your radiator , if in good condition , is perfect for the diesel 4 ) the brakes and suspension as fitted to the 2.6 are fine 5 ) one fuel filter and water trap are sufficient on the fuel system unless operating the vehicle in a very dirty environment where two would be []

Disconnect the large multi plug on the wiring loom on the bulkhead Pull the wire off the injector pump shut off solenoid as a safety measure and touch the starter solenoid wire ( white with a red tracer ) to a live feed ( brown ) on the engine side of the multi plug ( check it is out of first gear first ) An opened split pin is ideal for the job With practice the engine can be flicked over to the required position
disconnect the large multi plug on the wiring loom on the bulkhead pull the wire off the injector pump shut off solenoid as a safety measure and touch the starter solenoid wire ( white with a red tracer ) to a live feed ( brown ) on the engine side of the multi plug ( check it is out of first gear first ) an opened split pin is ideal for the job with practice the engine can be flicked over to the [] position

Competence required
competence []

The dealer supplying the vehicles , as the parts required are available from the factory .
the dealer supplying the vehicles , as the parts [] are available from the factory .

Unfortunately , due to the higher pedal pressures required , most twin circuit systems require a servo .
unfortunately , due to the higher pedal pressures [] , most twin circuit systems require a servo .

 The peasant economy can be defined quite simply as that Form of farm production ( and associated activities ) in which the producer and his family till the land themselves , generally utilising their own means of production ( tools and instruments ) , with the object of directly satisfying their basic needs , although for a number of reasons they may find themselves required to sell a part of their produce on the market in order to obtain goods which they do not produce . ( Stavenhagen 1978 : 31 )
 the peasant economy can be defined quite simply as that form of farm production ( and associated activities ) in which the producer and his family till the land themselves , generally utilising their own means of production ( tools and instruments ) , with the object of directly satisfying their basic needs , although for a number of reasons they may find themselves [] to sell a part of their produce on the market in order to obtain goods which they do not produce . ( stavenhagen 1978 : 31 )

what is required in Latin America is a policy that will stimulate food production for the domestic market and the raising of income levels of the rural poor .
what is [] in latin america is a policy that will stimulate food production for the domestic market and the raising of income levels of the rural poor .

In order to get the best results from the new seeds , technology in the form of machinery , chemical products and fertilisers , was necessary and therefore capital was required to purchase these .
in order to get the best results from the new seeds , technology in the form of machinery , chemical products and fertilisers , was necessary and therefore capital was [] to purchase these .

Cultivation of the new crops required tractors , fertilisers and pesticides , and plants , such as tomatoes , need constant care and spraying .
cultivation of the new crops [] tractors , fertilisers and pesticides , and plants , such as tomatoes , need constant care and spraying .

This sort of statement required a special kind of arrogance .
this sort of statement [] a special kind of arrogance .

Not  you are what you eat  but  you are what you speak  or , rather  you are what speaks you  , is the axiomatic basis of Robyn 's philosophy , which she would call , if required to give it a name ,  semiotic materialism  .
not  you are what you eat  but  you are what you speak  or , rather  you are what speaks you  , is the axiomatic basis of robyn 's philosophy , which she would call , if [] to give it a name ,  semiotic materialism  .

Required to reduce their academic staff by anything up to twenty per cent , they responded by persuading as many people as possible to take early retirement and freezing all vacancies .
[] to reduce their academic staff by anything up to twenty per cent , they responded by persuading as many people as possible to take early retirement and freezing all vacancies .

The subjects accept that someone has authority over them only if their willingness to do his bidding is not conditional on their agreement on the merits of performing the actions required by the authority .
the subjects accept that someone has authority over them only if their willingness to do his bidding is not conditional on their agreement on the merits of performing the actions [] by the authority .

The minimalist interpretation maintains that they are willing to obey if they have no judgment of their own on the merits of performing the required action .
the minimalist interpretation maintains that they are willing to obey if they have no judgment of their own on the merits of performing the [] action .

The maximalist interpretation claims that the subjects accept that they should obey even if their personal belief is that the balance of reasons on the merits is against performing the required act .
the maximalist interpretation claims that the subjects accept that they should obey even if their personal belief is that the balance of reasons on the merits is against performing the [] act .

According to them , to accept the legitimacy of an authority is simply to accept that whatever other reasons there may be for a certain action , its being required by the authority is an additional reason for its performance .
according to them , to accept the legitimacy of an authority is simply to accept that whatever other reasons there may be for a certain action , its being [] by the authority is an additional reason for its performance .

Parliament , of course , is not limited to the enactment of laws where there is a prior obligation on the subjects to behave in the required way .
parliament , of course , is not limited to the enactment of laws where there is a prior obligation on the subjects to behave in the [] way .

For example , a directive may determine that from the economic point of view a certain action is required .
for example , a directive may determine that from the economic point of view a certain action is [] .

The secondary reasons help to meet the burden of proof required to establish a complete justification , i.e .
the secondary reasons help to meet the burden of proof [] to establish a complete justification , i.e .

Authoritative directives are often rules , and even when they are not , because they lack the required generality , the same reasoning applies to them .
authoritative directives are often rules , and even when they are not , because they lack the [] generality , the same reasoning applies to them .

But sometimes when we say that every person is only required to sacrifice a little we mean that the antecedently expected sacrifice is small , i.e .
but sometimes when we say that every person is only [] to sacrifice a little we mean that the antecedently expected sacrifice is small , i.e .

It is itself required for the fulfilment of the task we usually associate with political authority .
it is itself [] for the fulfilment of the task we usually associate with political authority .

They are unlikely to satisfy the test required by the main argument , i.e .
they are unlikely to satisfy the test [] by the main argument , i.e .

that individuals were more likely to succeed in realizing that which reason required of them if subjected to the government concerned than if left to themselves .
that individuals were more likely to succeed in realizing that which reason [] of them if subjected to the government concerned than if left to themselves .

Besides , sometimes a person 's consent to a right or benefit is required for him to acquire that right or a benefit .
besides , sometimes a person 's consent to a right or benefit is [] for him to acquire that right or a benefit .

Sometimes various intermediate courses of conduct are seen as required by neutrality .
sometimes various intermediate courses of conduct are seen as [] by neutrality .

This assures us that the continued supply is of normal quantities required anyway , but it also makes discontinuation of supply a positive harm rather than a refusal to help .
this assures us that the continued supply is of normal quantities [] anyway , but it also makes discontinuation of supply a positive harm rather than a refusal to help .

Other environmental pressures could shorten this to nearer the fifty years required by law in the United States .
other environmental pressures could shorten this to nearer the fifty years [] by law in the united states .

This common descent transmits an historical genius , the membership of which  like that , in theory , of the old nobility of Europe  is by birth , and so beyond the striving of those without the required descent .
this common descent transmits an historical genius , the membership of which  like that , in theory , of the old nobility of europe  is by birth , and so beyond the striving of those without the [] descent .

Thus , a certain historical myopia is required to substantiate territorial claims .
thus , a certain historical myopia is [] to substantiate territorial claims .

The Tsars , as we shall see , tried something similar : if nations required linguistic uniformity , then the power of the State should be used to create it .
the tsars , as we shall see , tried something similar : if nations [] linguistic uniformity , then the power of the state should be used to create it .

Thus , the individual is undertaking a gamble about what action is required to defend or advance an interest : what is the right way to describe the problem , what is to be done , and who are the most appropriate allies ; whether to say that the Ministry of Education has not provided enough school places ( and all  parents  should unite to press the government for more ) or there are not enough places because the Ammanites have stolen them ( so all non-Ammanites must unite to resist the theft ) .
thus , the individual is undertaking a gamble about what action is [] to defend or advance an interest : what is the right way to describe the problem , what is to be done , and who are the most appropriate allies ; whether to say that the ministry of education has not provided enough school places ( and all  parents  should unite to press the government for more ) or there are not enough places because the ammanites have stolen them ( so all non-ammanites must unite to resist the theft ) .

Furthermore , the creation and leadership of a movement against a colonial power required different abilities from those needed to run a new State .
furthermore , the creation and leadership of a movement against a colonial power [] different abilities from those needed to run a new state .

They may be willing to die for the motherland ; conscription or the threat of sanctions may be required for everyone else .
they may be willing to die for the motherland ; conscription or the threat of sanctions may be [] for everyone else .

Thus , what begins in the springtime of national liberation as a great sense of popular emancipation becomes a range of new and often heightened oppressions , those required for economic development .
thus , what begins in the springtime of national liberation as a great sense of popular emancipation becomes a range of new and often heightened oppressions , those [] for economic development .

The movement thus required economic programmes to parallel political ambitions , which would end what was seen as the domination of capitalism .
the movement thus [] economic programmes to parallel political ambitions , which would end what was seen as the domination of capitalism .

Loyalty had to be reaffirmed each time it was required ; it could not be assumed merely by reason of inhabiting a particular locality .
loyalty had to be reaffirmed each time it was [] ; it could not be assumed merely by reason of inhabiting a particular locality .

The alliances and compromises , the sales of offices and titles , all the shifts and feints required of the Crown to secure a continuing coalition had , however , an important adverse effect : corruption , the leakage of the resources garnered with such painful persistence ( and often brutality ) into private hands . Trevor-Roper puts it in this way :
the alliances and compromises , the sales of offices and titles , all the shifts and feints [] of the crown to secure a continuing coalition had , however , an important adverse effect : corruption , the leakage of the resources garnered with such painful persistence ( and often brutality ) into private hands . trevor-roper puts it in this way :

The sinews of political and economic integration required to enable the expanded raising of resources by the Crown took a long time to create .
the sinews of political and economic integration [] to enable the expanded raising of resources by the crown took a long time to create .

While this permitted access to public life by more of the natives ( standard national education was required to give access to all ) , it excluded the Europe of Latin-speakers and the immediate inheritance of religion .
while this permitted access to public life by more of the natives ( standard national education was [] to give access to all ) , it excluded the europe of latin-speakers and the immediate inheritance of religion .

In England , a military dictatorship was required to protect the existing social order .
in england , a military dictatorship was [] to protect the existing social order .

The French revolution and the Napoleonic armies helped to spread the concepts and values required to constitute a Polish nationalism among a section of the Polish nobility in exile .
the french revolution and the napoleonic armies helped to spread the concepts and values [] to constitute a polish nationalism among a section of the polish nobility in exile .

The new methods of production now emerging required an educated labour force , who participated consciously in the process of production rather than playing the role of brute labour .
the new methods of production now emerging [] an educated labour force , who participated consciously in the process of production rather than playing the role of brute labour .

It had come to represent important sections of socialized nations , mass societies , and in this responsible role social democrats were required to do their patriotic duty when war threatened  their  ruling order .
it had come to represent important sections of socialized nations , mass societies , and in this responsible role social democrats were [] to do their patriotic duty when war threatened  their  ruling order .

That required the end of existing property relations which were national ( and which involved  the exploitation of some nations by others  ) .
that [] the end of existing property relations which were national ( and which involved  the exploitation of some nations by others  ) .

This required the break-up of the multinational empires of East and Central Europe which not only controlled their own peoples but intervened throughout Europe to protect the ancien rgime .
this [] the break-up of the multinational empires of east and central europe which not only controlled their own peoples but intervened throughout europe to protect the ancien rgime .

Internationalism required that two thoroughly nationalistic and non-socialist movements be given complete support .
internationalism [] that two thoroughly nationalistic and non-socialist movements be given complete support .

Vigorous national movements were no longer the instrument of rising capitalist classes , for capital accumulation now required markets far larger than individual countries could provide .
vigorous national movements were no longer the instrument of rising capitalist classes , for capital accumulation now [] markets far larger than individual countries could provide .

First , it was required in order to establish the trust of Russia 's oppressed minorities , as the basis for an alliance between workers and minority nationalists to overthrow Tsarist rule .
first , it was [] in order to establish the trust of russia 's oppressed minorities , as the basis for an alliance between workers and minority nationalists to overthrow tsarist rule .

The intelligentsia were required to fill the role vacated by other classes , but , in the more advanced borderland principalities , their social significance was not large enough to advance national demands in isolation .
the intelligentsia were [] to fill the role vacated by other classes , but , in the more advanced borderland principalities , their social significance was not large enough to advance national demands in isolation .

However , at one stage , different conditions were laid down for different nationalities : a national plebiscite was demanded in order to ratify independence for Poland , Courland and Lithuania , whereas a vote of workers alone was required for the Ukraine , the Caucasus republics and Latvia .
however , at one stage , different conditions were laid down for different nationalities : a national plebiscite was demanded in order to ratify independence for poland , courland and lithuania , whereas a vote of workers alone was [] for the ukraine , the caucasus republics and latvia .

As the ravages of the Civil War continued  and the Red armies , under the fierce exigencies of immediate action , were remote from the scrupulousness Lenin required  the mood changed to gloom .
as the ravages of the civil war continued  and the red armies , under the fierce exigencies of immediate action , were remote from the scrupulousness lenin []  the mood changed to gloom .

Party leadership was put in the hands of Rakovskii ( a Roumanian ) , who was instructed to make every effort to win over the support of the Ukrainian Left and make all concessions required to conciliate the Ukrainian peasantry .
party leadership was put in the hands of rakovskii ( a roumanian ) , who was instructed to make every effort to win over the support of the ukrainian left and make all concessions [] to conciliate the ukrainian peasantry .

Unlike Scotland , a Water Authority Rod Licence is required in England , prior to fishing , as well as a permit from the water chosen .
unlike scotland , a water authority rod licence is [] in england , prior to fishing , as well as a permit from the water chosen .

We were told that the water was required to serve an expected expansion of industrial activity on Teesside .
we were told that the water was [] to serve an expected expansion of industrial activity on teesside .

Indeed , after July there are very few weed-free areas and a good knowledge of the loch is required to find suitable areas to fish .
indeed , after july there are very few weed-free areas and a good knowledge of the loch is [] to find suitable areas to fish .

Lochboisdale Hotel is the fishing centre of South Uist , famous for its public bar , which measures about forty feet in length ; required to accommodate whaling crews , returning thirsting from the South Atlantic .
lochboisdale hotel is the fishing centre of south uist , famous for its public bar , which measures about forty feet in length ; [] to accommodate whaling crews , returning thirsting from the south atlantic .

Which , in retrospect , said a lot for her common sense ; but a lady was still required and because our daughter was there , my wife Ann was dragooned into duty .
which , in retrospect , said a lot for her common sense ; but a lady was still [] and because our daughter was there , my wife ann was dragooned into duty .

Once the horse understands what is required of him , he should enjoy his work and improve day by day .
once the horse understands what is [] of him , he should enjoy his work and improve day by day .

As it was , he did n't understand that he had to stand still , because he had n't been taught that this was required .
as it was , he did n't understand that he had to stand still , because he had n't been taught that this was [] .

Frequent dunging may also occur , in order to lighten the horse 's bodyweight should a speedy escape be required .
frequent dunging may also occur , in order to lighten the horse 's bodyweight should a speedy escape be [] .

No formal qualifications are required for enrolment and young or old are all potential candidates ; all that is needed is a desire to learn .
no formal qualifications are [] for enrolment and young or old are all potential candidates ; all that is needed is a desire to learn .

Having moved into the required pace then keep the horse balanced between your seat , legs and hands , by applying more leg into a restraining hand if the horse is falling on his forehand .
having moved into the [] pace then keep the horse balanced between your seat , legs and hands , by applying more leg into a restraining hand if the horse is falling on his forehand .

It should be used lightly but positively if required and the horse quickly rewarded when he responds .
it should be used lightly but positively if [] and the horse quickly rewarded when he responds .

Today 's caddie is required to haul around even more , including an extra towel , at least a dozen balls , two sets of rain gear , a couple of cans of soda , and various food stuffs .
today 's caddie is [] to haul around even more , including an extra towel , at least a dozen balls , two sets of rain gear , a couple of cans of soda , and various food stuffs .

An individual , for example , is required to have exhausted all local remedies .
an individual , for example , is [] to have exhausted all local remedies .

The police were required to bring the detained person before a magistrates ' court  as soon as practicable  after arrest .
the police were [] to bring the detained person before a magistrates ' court  as soon as practicable  after arrest .

Lord Denning explained that  There are some things which may be required to be disclosed in the public interest , in which event no confidence can be prayed in aid to keep them secret .
lord denning explained that  there are some things which may be [] to be disclosed in the public interest , in which event no confidence can be prayed in aid to keep them secret .

So the British Government was required to introduce legislation to regulate the circumstances in which the power to tap may be used , but no guidance was given as to what should be the content of the legislation .
so the british government was [] to introduce legislation to regulate the circumstances in which the power to tap may be used , but no guidance was given as to what should be the content of the legislation .

Quite apart from this , the legislation required that the gathering of evidence by other means would be unlikely to succeed , or would be considerably more difficult ; a warrant would apply to only one suspect , so that there were no general warrants ; the warrants would remain in force for three months and thereafter had to be renewed ; and the person concerned generally had to be notified as soon as possible after the surveillance ended that he or she had been the target of such surveillance .
quite apart from this , the legislation [] that the gathering of evidence by other means would be unlikely to succeed , or would be considerably more difficult ; a warrant would apply to only one suspect , so that there were no general warrants ; the warrants would remain in force for three months and thereafter had to be renewed ; and the person concerned generally had to be notified as soon as possible after the surveillance ended that he or she had been the target of such surveillance .

Despite criticisms voiced by the Post Office Engineering Union ( 1980 ) it is still the case that warrants are to be issued under the hand of the Home Secretary rather than a judge , there apparently being no concern that a major invasion of privacy can take place by executive act without the need for any judicial approval or authorization , as is required in other democracies .
despite criticisms voiced by the post office engineering union ( 1980 ) it is still the case that warrants are to be issued under the hand of the home secretary rather than a judge , there apparently being no concern that a major invasion of privacy can take place by executive act without the need for any judicial approval or authorization , as is [] in other democracies .

Under the Act those executing a warrant are required ( not empowered ) to intercept all communications sent to or from one or more addresses specified in the warrant where the address in question is likely to be used for the transmission of communications to or from one particular person specified or described in the warrant .
under the act those executing a warrant are [] ( not empowered ) to intercept all communications sent to or from one or more addresses specified in the warrant where the address in question is likely to be used for the transmission of communications to or from one particular person specified or described in the warrant .

The second statutory safeguard is that copies of any intercepted material must be destroyed as soon as they are no longer required .
the second statutory safeguard is that copies of any intercepted material must be destroyed as soon as they are no longer [] .

The Commissioner also accepted assurances by the five Secretaries of State involved that they never issue warrants without a careful review of the papers and a proper consideration of the matters which they are required to consider and take into account under the Act .
the commissioner also accepted assurances by the five secretaries of state involved that they never issue warrants without a careful review of the papers and a proper consideration of the matters which they are [] to consider and take into account under the act .

It may have refused to take into account something which it was required to take into account .
it may have refused to take into account something which it was [] to take into account .

Earlier cases had tended to defer to the judgment of the police officer on the spot without setting out an objective definition to which he or she was required to adhere .
earlier cases had tended to defer to the judgment of the police officer on the spot without setting out an objective definition to which he or she was [] to adhere .

If a police officer reasonably anticipates a breach of the peace , he or she is required to do whatever is thought necessary to prevent its occurrence .
if a police officer reasonably anticipates a breach of the peace , he or she is [] to do whatever is thought necessary to prevent its occurrence .

On the facts before them , and contrary to what the defendants actually maintained , their purpose did not include the desire to protect property as required by the section .
on the facts before them , and contrary to what the defendants actually maintained , their purpose did not include the desire to protect property as [] by the section .

This was surprising in view of the fact that , under this Act , it is the local authorities who are empowered to provide and maintain such buildings , vehicles , apparatus , and equipment as may be required for the police purposes of their area .
this was surprising in view of the fact that , under this act , it is the local authorities who are empowered to provide and maintain such buildings , vehicles , apparatus , and equipment as may be [] for the police purposes of their area .

The Bail Act 1976 required that each applicant for bail be individually assessed in order to ascertain whether there was a real risk of a further offence .
the bail act 1976 [] that each applicant for bail be individually assessed in order to ascertain whether there was a real risk of a further offence .

So those who had no family name were required by law to adopt one .
so those who had no family name were [] by law to adopt one .

Thus began what developed into a full Department of Ballet at the university , offering , from 1941 , a three-year certificate course for which pupils were required to attend lectures , read widely and study music appreciation as well as their dance classes .
thus began what developed into a full department of ballet at the university , offering , from 1941 , a three-year certificate course for which pupils were [] to attend lectures , read widely and study music appreciation as well as their dance classes .

John , required to mount his ballets but nothing else , had time to visit art galleries or schools in search of new ideas or designers , to listen to music , to read .
john , [] to mount his ballets but nothing else , had time to visit art galleries or schools in search of new ideas or designers , to listen to music , to read .

They adopted the time-honoured device of spending the night together at an hotel , but Herbert , nervous that something might go wrong , overtipped the chambermaid , who then through misplaced gratitude would not give the required evidence against him .
they adopted the time-honoured device of spending the night together at an hotel , but herbert , nervous that something might go wrong , overtipped the chambermaid , who then through misplaced gratitude would not give the [] evidence against him .

More specifically , his experiments showed , he claimed , that the cells always developed according to their relative position within the embryo , and this sense of position required that there be a self-organizing coordinate system which told the cells their position and that they then knew what to do .
more specifically , his experiments showed , he claimed , that the cells always developed according to their relative position within the embryo , and this sense of position [] that there be a self-organizing coordinate system which told the cells their position and that they then knew what to do .

Such self-organization of a coordinate system was , he claimed , quite beyond conventional science , and required a special biological force  entelechy .
such self-organization of a coordinate system was , he claimed , quite beyond conventional science , and [] a special biological force  entelechy .

If cells have their position specified as in a coordinate system and also have rules for interpreting the positional information , then it is possible , with the appropriate rules for interpretation , to generate any pattern that is required , from faces  even the Mona Lisa  to limbs .
if cells have their position specified as in a coordinate system and also have rules for interpreting the positional information , then it is possible , with the appropriate rules for interpretation , to generate any pattern that is [] , from faces  even the mona lisa  to limbs .

Growth of this basic pattern is required to generate the mature limb .
growth of this basic pattern is [] to generate the mature limb .

Its special property is that it can activate most of the genes that are required in the mature muscle .
its special property is that it can activate most of the genes that are [] in the mature muscle .

Very large numbers of blood cells are required  human red blood cells only last a few months  and there are few stem cells , so an enormous amplification is required .
very large numbers of blood cells are []  human red blood cells only last a few months  and there are few stem cells , so an enormous amplification is [] .

Along the waterways was carried most of the stone required to build our medieval cathedrals .
along the waterways was carried most of the stone [] to build our medieval cathedrals .

For the flood to yield up its riches , two things were required : a competent engineer and plenty of capital .
for the flood to yield up its riches , two things were [] : a competent engineer and plenty of capital .

The lowlands thus required two sources of income for drainage : one to maintain the main river system , and the second for the back ditches .
the lowlands thus [] two sources of income for drainage : one to maintain the main river system , and the second for the back ditches .

The reason why these had survived so long was because they required the most money spent on them  in the case of valley bottoms , to pay for initial drainage and then to maintain it  to make them yield their full potential of arable and pasture .
the reason why these had survived so long was because they [] the most money spent on them  in the case of valley bottoms , to pay for initial drainage and then to maintain it  to make them yield their full potential of arable and pasture .

For a while , profits on this grade 1 land came rolling in , but ten years after the initial drainage , the worst areas required re-draining , and even high-pressure jetting of clogged drains was futile against the deflocculated clay slurry .
for a while , profits on this grade 1 land came rolling in , but ten years after the initial drainage , the worst areas [] re-draining , and even high-pressure jetting of clogged drains was futile against the deflocculated clay slurry .

In addition , one of the duties of a water authority engineer controlling an outside contract is to tie consultants to a tight brief , which specifies the minimum work required to achieve the necessary flood reduction , while at the same time protecting the environment .
in addition , one of the duties of a water authority engineer controlling an outside contract is to tie consultants to a tight brief , which specifies the minimum work [] to achieve the necessary flood reduction , while at the same time protecting the environment .

The landowner 's agent may also act for him in negotiations with conservationists and engineers to secure the parcels of riverside land required for habitat protection and enhancement .
the landowner 's agent may also act for him in negotiations with conservationists and engineers to secure the parcels of riverside land [] for habitat protection and enhancement .

 Central government was to determine policy ; LEAs were to provide what was required .
 central government was to determine policy ; leas were to provide what was [] .

The new pattern that will gradually take shape towards the end of this century is of a centrally determined national curriculum , individual schools being given their own budgets to spend as they think fit within the legally required curriculum framework .
the new pattern that will gradually take shape towards the end of this century is of a centrally determined national curriculum , individual schools being given their own budgets to spend as they think fit within the legally [] curriculum framework .

Despite the possibility of infinite variation in detail and in method , those who teach in school have to admit that realistically they will teach broadly what is required , either by employers or by the universities themselves .
despite the possibility of infinite variation in detail and in method , those who teach in school have to admit that realistically they will teach broadly what is [] , either by employers or by the universities themselves .

They spoke of  an increasing displacement of the traditional curriculum in favour of new and artificial subjects  ; and they concluded that instead of such  infantilizing  nonsense ,  the difficult subjects of the traditional curriculum are  the thing that is required if a child is to obtain either the competence necessary for a successful adult life , or the wider understanding and enriched experience which are the greatest benefits of education  .
they spoke of  an increasing displacement of the traditional curriculum in favour of new and artificial subjects  ; and they concluded that instead of such  infantilizing  nonsense ,  the difficult subjects of the traditional curriculum are  the thing that is [] if a child is to obtain either the competence necessary for a successful adult life , or the wider understanding and enriched experience which are the greatest benefits of education  .

And if all else failed it would probably be an effective , if unsubtle way of letting his wife know that something rather more serious than Marriage Guidance was required to get them out of their marital difficulties .
and if all else failed it would probably be an effective , if unsubtle way of letting his wife know that something rather more serious than marriage guidance was [] to get them out of their marital difficulties .

Although the pharmacist seemed to have some trouble deciphering the prescription , and Henry had to go through a nerve-wracking pantomime of ignorance about the nature of the chemicals he required , it was n't long before he was standing once again on the doorstep of 54 Maple Drive .
although the pharmacist seemed to have some trouble deciphering the prescription , and henry had to go through a nerve-wracking pantomime of ignorance about the nature of the chemicals he [] , it was n't long before he was standing once again on the doorstep of 54 maple drive .

Hemiplegic patients feel the cold , so extra home heating may be required .
hemiplegic patients feel the cold , so extra home heating may be [] .

The information required is proprioceptive : it has to provide a kind of internal sensation or perception in order to activate the correct response .
the information [] is proprioceptive : it has to provide a kind of internal sensation or perception in order to activate the correct response .

He is in fact participating by following the physiotherapist 's instructions and relaxing into the required movements .
he is in fact participating by following the physiotherapist 's instructions and relaxing into the [] movements .

The physiotherapist has to be encouraging at all times , but this stops short of praising the patient when he has not achieved a required movement .
the physiotherapist has to be encouraging at all times , but this stops short of praising the patient when he has not achieved a [] movement .

He tried to persuade Dawn to  take a run at her throws  , despite her protestations that simply standing up and walking required constant mental effort on her part .
he tried to persuade dawn to  take a run at her throws  , despite her protestations that simply standing up and walking [] constant mental effort on her part .

But Rodrigo was not like other mercenaries ; he made it clear that he required nothing for himself .
but rodrigo was not like other mercenaries ; he made it clear that he [] nothing for himself .

In this case , however , unconditional surrender was now required .
in this case , however , unconditional surrender was now [] .

Since nobody on the summit of the Ben required a ticking off , except perhaps by the fashion police , it was back on to the tourist path for the descent .
since nobody on the summit of the ben [] a ticking off , except perhaps by the fashion police , it was back on to the tourist path for the descent .

Not a great place to spend five or six hours if an early start is required , but it was Christmas and we were in celebratory mood .
not a great place to spend five or six hours if an early start is [] , but it was christmas and we were in celebratory mood .

The crosser is required to tight-rope walk on the single strand below and hold on to the two other lines for balance .
the crosser is [] to tight-rope walk on the single strand below and hold on to the two other lines for balance .

Scotrail can not be so terminally stupid that they are unaware of the numbers of people wanting to use the train in the summer , and therefore a train that accommodates more than four people at a time may well be required .
scotrail can not be so terminally stupid that they are unaware of the numbers of people wanting to use the train in the summer , and therefore a train that accommodates more than four people at a time may well be [] .

Those large and lumpish hands could produce exquisitely fine work when required , and she relished the thoughts of others .
those large and lumpish hands could produce exquisitely fine work when [] , and she relished the thoughts of others .

The job had required perseverance and , above all , patience .
the job had [] perseverance and , above all , patience .

What is still required , however , is recognition of the  changed  sex by  officialdom  .
what is still [] , however , is recognition of the  changed  sex by  officialdom  .

Furthermore , it found that , although birth certificates were not required by law for any kind of legal transaction in the United Kingdom , there could be occasions on which a birth certificate could be called for by , for instance , an employer or public institution .
furthermore , it found that , although birth certificates were not [] by law for any kind of legal transaction in the united kingdom , there could be occasions on which a birth certificate could be called for by , for instance , an employer or public institution .

Parliament , had it been required to do so by the European Court of Human Rights , could have made a small , interstitial alteration of the law by , for example , merely amending the relevant section of the Birth and Death Registration Act 1953 ; or used the opportunity to undertake a wholesale revision of the law as it affects transsexuals .
parliament , had it been [] to do so by the european court of human rights , could have made a small , interstitial alteration of the law by , for example , merely amending the relevant section of the birth and death registration act 1953 ; or used the opportunity to undertake a wholesale revision of the law as it affects transsexuals .

To abide by the refusal may be difficult for the doctor ; but it is required by law , the principle of self-determination overruling any notion that  the doctor knows best  or some vague notion of there being a public policy in favour of preserving life .
to abide by the refusal may be difficult for the doctor ; but it is [] by law , the principle of self-determination overruling any notion that  the doctor knows best  or some vague notion of there being a public policy in favour of preserving life .

To advise on the repairs or modifications required to remedy defects ; and to describe any further investigations necessary .
to advise on the repairs or modifications [] to remedy defects ; and to describe any further investigations necessary .

Bill and Audrey Clark bought a house for 50,000 , and within a few months discovered that most of the window frames were infested with wet rot and required replacing .
bill and audrey clark bought a house for 50,000 , and within a few months discovered that most of the window frames were infested with wet rot and [] replacing .

The roof , however , was only six years old and a structural analysis subsequently carried out by a structural engineer showed that not only was it impossible for that roof to slip , but furthermore it was twice as strong as the Building Regulations required .
the roof , however , was only six years old and a structural analysis subsequently carried out by a structural engineer showed that not only was it impossible for that roof to slip , but furthermore it was twice as strong as the building regulations [] .

It also commented that the Building Regulations required installation of cavity barriers to limit fire spread and a completely fire-resistant lining to the inside of the dwelling .
it also commented that the building regulations [] installation of cavity barriers to limit fire spread and a completely fire-resistant lining to the inside of the dwelling .

From these connecting points circuit wires are fed to the various parts of the property where outlets are required .
from these connecting points circuit wires are fed to the various parts of the property where outlets are [] .

If in doubt , assume some expenditure will be required and put down a figure .
if in doubt , assume some expenditure will be [] and put down a figure .

Indeed , it must have required an enormous effort for man to overcome his natural tendency to live like the animals in a continual present .
indeed , it must have [] an enormous effort for man to overcome his natural tendency to live like the animals in a continual present .

At the critical seasons a ritual response was required to overcome the unpredictable factors that might otherwise interfere with the regular growth of crops .
at the critical seasons a ritual response was [] to overcome the unpredictable factors that might otherwise interfere with the regular growth of crops .

Nature was seen as a process of strife between divine cosmic powers and demoniacal chaotic powers in which humans were not just spectators but were obliged to play an active part in helping to bring about the required phenomena by acting in full unison with nature .
nature was seen as a process of strife between divine cosmic powers and demoniacal chaotic powers in which humans were not just spectators but were obliged to play an active part in helping to bring about the [] phenomena by acting in full unison with nature .

From this primitive idea sprang the belief that it was important to celebrate Easter at the correct date , since this was the crucial time of combat between God ( or Christ ) and the Devil , and God required the support of his worshippers to defeat the Devil .
from this primitive idea sprang the belief that it was important to celebrate easter at the correct date , since this was the crucial time of combat between god ( or christ ) and the devil , and god [] the support of his worshippers to defeat the devil .

On the one hand , it was simply the period required for the sun , moon , and planets to attain the same positions in relation to each other as they had at a given time .
on the one hand , it was simply the period [] for the sun , moon , and planets to attain the same positions in relation to each other as they had at a given time .

Since their interest in the past was primarily moralistic , precise knowledge of actual events and when they happened was not required .
since their interest in the past was primarily moralistic , precise knowledge of actual events and when they happened was not [] .

Muslims in all parts of the Islamic world required mathematically educated persons who would be able to determine the astronomically defined times of prayer and the direction of Mecca .
muslims in all parts of the islamic world [] mathematically educated persons who would be able to determine the astronomically defined times of prayer and the direction of mecca .

It is , therefore , not surprising that many portable instruments for the determination of time were required , including the chief instrument used by both Arabic and Latin astronomers , the astrolabe .
it is , therefore , not surprising that many portable instruments for the determination of time were [] , including the chief instrument used by both arabic and latin astronomers , the astrolabe .

If the synodic period of Venus were exactly 584 days , the number of revolutions required would be 65 , corresponding to 146 of the 260-day cycles .
if the synodic period of venus were exactly 584 days , the number of revolutions [] would be 65 , corresponding to 146 of the 260-day cycles .

The tinder merely required a spark , which was provided when a black youth became involved in an altercation with an officer over a parking ticket .
the tinder merely [] a spark , which was provided when a black youth became involved in an altercation with an officer over a parking ticket .

 And  if the tam batting second has not had the opportunity to complete the required number of overs their target score will be the runs scored by the team batting first from their equivalent number of highest scoring overs .
 and  if the tam batting second has not had the opportunity to complete the [] number of overs their target score will be the runs scored by the team batting first from their equivalent number of highest scoring overs .

Walsh kept him company for 45 minutes for 27 runs , Patterson for an hour for a partnership of 62 until the second new ball was required to finish off the number eleven .
walsh kept him company for 45 minutes for 27 runs , patterson for an hour for a partnership of 62 until the second new ball was [] to finish off the number eleven .

It amounted to unlikely total of 521 , and Warwickshire required 314 to win .
it amounted to unlikely total of 521 , and warwickshire [] 314 to win .

Having made 62 from 12 overs , England lost nine overs to rain and required 175 off 38 overs , a rate of 4.61 .
having made 62 from 12 overs , england lost nine overs to rain and [] 175 off 38 overs , a rate of 4.61 .

Income where tax has been deducted at source and on which you will therefore not be required to pay further tax is as follows :
income where tax has been deducted at source and on which you will therefore not be [] to pay further tax is as follows :

This is required for owners of flats .
this is [] for owners of flats .

The usual vaccinations required for certain countries are cholera , typhoid , and yellow fever .
the usual vaccinations [] for certain countries are cholera , typhoid , and yellow fever .

For Winnie herself , it required the tightest hold , the fumes of the stuff , to keep her wits about her .
for winnie herself , it [] the tightest hold , the fumes of the stuff , to keep her wits about her .

You do n't need to have taken in the fact , planted early on , that Joe keeps a gun , or have noticed the required sign in the foyer warning that shots will be fired ( ca n't the nanny state keep its paws off anything ? )
you do n't need to have taken in the fact , planted early on , that joe keeps a gun , or have noticed the [] sign in the foyer warning that shots will be fired ( ca n't the nanny state keep its paws off anything ? )

The test of obscenity still required proof that the matter was  utterly without redeeming social value  , but it was not long before social value was claimed for sex , a Californian judge declaring himself unable to find such lack of social value in a film which  appeals to the normal interest in sex and nudity which the average person has in such matters  .
the test of obscenity still [] proof that the matter was  utterly without redeeming social value  , but it was not long before social value was claimed for sex , a californian judge declaring himself unable to find such lack of social value in a film which  appeals to the normal interest in sex and nudity which the average person has in such matters  .

As a positive step towards ensuring some uniformity of treatment of all other non-secret operations , in both public and private sectors , the Committee strongly advocated a set of publicly known Codes of Practice , to one or other of which every user would be required to subscribe .
as a positive step towards ensuring some uniformity of treatment of all other non-secret operations , in both public and private sectors , the committee strongly advocated a set of publicly known codes of practice , to one or other of which every user would be [] to subscribe .

In the event the Act required simultaneous , across-the-board registration of both sectors , placing an unnecessary strain on the private sector , and ensuring the greatest possible public hostility to the legislation , and the greatest possible strain on the Registrar 's Office .
in the event the act [] simultaneous , across-the-board registration of both sectors , placing an unnecessary strain on the private sector , and ensuring the greatest possible public hostility to the legislation , and the greatest possible strain on the registrar 's office .

It was symptomatic of the British approach to the whole question that at the time the Act took effect no one knew , even to an approximation , how many data users were going to be required to register .
it was symptomatic of the british approach to the whole question that at the time the act took effect no one knew , even to an approximation , how many data users were going to be [] to register .

Not only are personal data not protected if a Cabinet Minister certifies that exemption is required  for the purpose of safeguarding national security  ( a rather vague and wide catch-all phrase ) but there are other exemptions where the protection afforded by the Act is held to be  likely to prejudice  the prevention or detection of crime , the apprehension or prosecution of offenders , or the assessment or collection of any tax or duty .
not only are personal data not protected if a cabinet minister certifies that exemption is []  for the purpose of safeguarding national security  ( a rather vague and wide catch-all phrase ) but there are other exemptions where the protection afforded by the act is held to be  likely to prejudice  the prevention or detection of crime , the apprehension or prosecution of offenders , or the assessment or collection of any tax or duty .

But in order to arrive at a balanced judgment , a more rational analysis of the factors involved is required .
but in order to arrive at a balanced judgment , a more rational analysis of the factors involved is [] .

If she subsequently changes her mind and refuses to hand the child over , the courts may allow her to keep the child , and in practice she will be unlikely to return any money , even if she were legally required to do so .
if she subsequently changes her mind and refuses to hand the child over , the courts may allow her to keep the child , and in practice she will be unlikely to return any money , even if she were legally [] to do so .

It is to be hoped that education will counteract these requests which are in total opposition to the idea of sexual equality , and in addition seek to use medical and nursing resources which are required to combat disease .
it is to be hoped that education will counteract these requests which are in total opposition to the idea of sexual equality , and in addition seek to use medical and nursing resources which are [] to combat disease .

If required these can be purchased ready planted .
if [] these can be purchased ready planted .

Halon production is only required to freeze at 1986 levels by 1992 ; no direct cuts are to be implemented .
halon production is only [] to freeze at 1986 levels by 1992 ; no direct cuts are to be implemented .

While methods can be undertaken to contain the release of toxic fumes , most incinerators presently in use are between 13 and 15 years old and do not meet the pollution safety standards required .
while methods can be undertaken to contain the release of toxic fumes , most incinerators presently in use are between 13 and 15 years old and do not meet the pollution safety standards [] .

Time spent collecting concrete evidence that you possess these and similar skills and qualities which are often expressed in rather general terms will pay off handsomely when you are required to prove your worth in an interview .
time spent collecting concrete evidence that you possess these and similar skills and qualities which are often expressed in rather general terms will pay off handsomely when you are [] to prove your worth in an interview .

On the left-hand side list the skills and qualifications required in the job description , or what you yourself know from experience the job will entail .
on the left-hand side list the skills and qualifications [] in the job description , or what you yourself know from experience the job will entail .

Sometimes you will be required to fill in an application form which will be used to select candidates for interview .
sometimes you will be [] to fill in an application form which will be used to select candidates for interview .

These are all responses which were highly suitable in prehistoric times when events required either that you ran away as fast as you could or that you had a surge of energy to help you fight your way out of a difficult situation as ferociously as possible ( fight or flight behaviour ) .
these are all responses which were highly suitable in prehistoric times when events [] either that you ran away as fast as you could or that you had a surge of energy to help you fight your way out of a difficult situation as ferociously as possible ( fight or flight behaviour ) .

Obviously if you did a course in engineering or modern languages and you are going for a job where these skills are required it should not be difficult to explain that this is what positively interests you and you chose the subject because you wanted to go on to employment in the same field .
obviously if you did a course in engineering or modern languages and you are going for a job where these skills are [] it should not be difficult to explain that this is what positively interests you and you chose the subject because you wanted to go on to employment in the same field .

This means discussing the position , the work involved , the skills required , the type of personality who will fit in , with all the people who will expect to benefit from the new employee and then drawing up a written job description .
this means discussing the position , the work involved , the skills [] , the type of personality who will fit in , with all the people who will expect to benefit from the new employee and then drawing up a written job description .

If the essential educational standard or technical skills required by the job/personnel specification are not there then the candidate can be quickly rejected .
if the essential educational standard or technical skills [] by the job/personnel specification are not there then the candidate can be quickly rejected .

members of staff who may be required to brief candidates or show them around ;
members of staff who may be [] to brief candidates or show them around ;

details of amount required , what it would be used for ;
details of amount [] , what it would be used for ;

Add the artificial sweetener to taste if required .
add the artificial sweetener to taste if [] .

Top up as required .
top up as [] .

Often required in combination with vitamins in many bodily processes , they are also vitally important for the maintenance and healthy development of bones , teeth and blood .
often [] in combination with vitamins in many bodily processes , they are also vitally important for the maintenance and healthy development of bones , teeth and blood .

Is a partner 's consent required ? Sterilisation operations are governed by the same legal requirements as any other operation , that is the patient should give informed permission for the procedure that is to be carried out .
is a partner 's consent [] ? sterilisation operations are governed by the same legal requirements as any other operation , that is the patient should give informed permission for the procedure that is to be carried out .

As Chiropractic is only available on the payment of fees , your qualified chiropractor will , if required , give you an estimate of the probable cost involved .
as chiropractic is only available on the payment of fees , your qualified chiropractor will , if [] , give you an estimate of the probable cost involved .

Repeating the smear may be all that is required .
repeating the smear may be all that is [] .

This is severe and treatment is urgently required .
this is severe and treatment is urgently [] .

Reflecting the degree of adaptation required , parents may well express concern as to whether the match is viable .
reflecting the degree of adaptation [] , parents may well express concern as to whether the match is viable .

First , one of the main characteristics of attachment behaviour , which we outlined in the previous chapter and which derives from the study of animals and humans , is the specificity of the required caring figure .
first , one of the main characteristics of attachment behaviour , which we outlined in the previous chapter and which derives from the study of animals and humans , is the specificity of the [] caring figure .

So much knowledge and maturity is required to make this type of choice from a properly informed base .
so much knowledge and maturity is [] to make this type of choice from a properly informed base .

Fathers who want to exercise shared responsibility for their children may still need the security of the married state ; named putative fathers , although legally required to support their offspring , still have limited rights in respect of them .
fathers who want to exercise shared responsibility for their children may still need the security of the married state ; named putative fathers , although legally [] to support their offspring , still have limited rights in respect of them .

Many primarily introverted people can deal with the outside world when required , just as many extroverts can deal with ideas when this is needed .
many primarily introverted people can deal with the outside world when [] , just as many extroverts can deal with ideas when this is needed .

All that is required must be offered and , if it is not all , it is felt to be useless .
all that is [] must be offered and , if it is not all , it is felt to be useless .

An erection two nights running was now required .
an erection two nights running was now [] .

Sometimes a deeper , analytic therapy may be required before people can use instruction .
sometimes a deeper , analytic therapy may be [] before people can use instruction .

The need to work is often financial , two incomes being required to maintain heavy mortgages and what Ivan Illich , a critic of the Establishment has called ,  the modern addiction to paralysing affluence  .
the need to work is often financial , two incomes being [] to maintain heavy mortgages and what ivan illich , a critic of the establishment has called ,  the modern addiction to paralysing affluence  .

In the British context of the 1980s the political project that has come to be identified as  Thatcherism  has commonly been seen as an attempt to legitimate both the reintegration of a restructured British economy into the global economy and the revision of the relationship between the state and civil society that the preferred version of restructuring required .
in the british context of the 1980s the political project that has come to be identified as  thatcherism  has commonly been seen as an attempt to legitimate both the reintegration of a restructured british economy into the global economy and the revision of the relationship between the state and civil society that the preferred version of restructuring [] .

Yet on the other hand , new employers in offices on the Isle of Dogs are not required to take on any local people or train people for the jobs that are on offer .
yet on the other hand , new employers in offices on the isle of dogs are not [] to take on any local people or train people for the jobs that are on offer .

Although they carried ancillary sails , the galleys ' principal means of propulsion was 50 or 60 oars , each manned by five or six galley-slaves  criminals , captured Moslems or , worst of all in English eyes , Huguenots  with 336 rowers required for every 155 soldiers carried .
although they carried ancillary sails , the galleys ' principal means of propulsion was 50 or 60 oars , each manned by five or six galley-slaves  criminals , captured moslems or , worst of all in english eyes , huguenots  with 336 rowers [] for every 155 soldiers carried .

The first permanent companies of artillery , to replace the basically civilian gunners hired ad hoc when required , had been formed , on Marlborough 's advice , in 1716 , and in 1727 their number was increased to four and they were united as the Royal Regiment of Artillery .
the first permanent companies of artillery , to replace the basically civilian gunners hired ad hoc when [] , had been formed , on marlborough 's advice , in 1716 , and in 1727 their number was increased to four and they were united as the royal regiment of artillery .

On 30 May the king announced that the militia was to be mobilised and might  an important innovation  be required to serve where  occasion shall require  , i.e .
on 30 may the king announced that the militia was to be mobilised and might  an important innovation  be [] to serve where  occasion shall require  , i.e .

The war , which cost 15,500,000 in 1760 , required supplies of 19,600,000 to be voted for 1761 , to support a huge army of 110,000 men , mainly serving overseas .
the war , which cost 15,500,000 in 1760 , [] supplies of 19,600,000 to be voted for 1761 , to support a huge army of 110,000 men , mainly serving overseas .

The soil is very fruitful ; there are corn , cattle and horseflesh in abundance ; and by sending away to Hampshire all the inhabitants not required in the fields one could have held out there several months .
the soil is very fruitful ; there are corn , cattle and horseflesh in abundance ; and by sending away to hampshire all the inhabitants not [] in the fields one could have held out there several months .

Nor , since he lacked the four generations of noble blood required for a commission in the French navy , was he offered the command of a French ship .
nor , since he lacked the four generations of noble blood [] for a commission in the french navy , was he offered the command of a french ship .

Children who were required to go out to work at fourteen , that is , the great majority of British teenagers , could hardly be blamed for assuming the right to lead their lives as they saw fit .
children who were [] to go out to work at fourteen , that is , the great majority of british teenagers , could hardly be blamed for assuming the right to lead their lives as they saw fit .

When he applied to the court for permission to marry , as he was required to do since he was under twenty-one and did not have a recognised guardian , the magistrate at Bow Street refused  as he was not in favour of a British girl marrying an alien  .
when he applied to the court for permission to marry , as he was [] to do since he was under twenty-one and did not have a recognised guardian , the magistrate at bow street refused  as he was not in favour of a british girl marrying an alien  .

Mileage may also be included if required .
mileage may also be included if [] .

Cars manufactured since October 1986 are required to have rear seat belts or child restraints fitted .
cars manufactured since october 1986 are [] to have rear seat belts or child restraints fitted .

You receive detailed information on each vehicle , summaries at department or depot level if required , and a summary for your whole fleet .
you receive detailed information on each vehicle , summaries at department or depot level if [] , and a summary for your whole fleet .

The existence of internal labour markets is sometimes used to explain labour  hoarding  ( the practice of employing more labour than is actually required ) because firms do not wish to break the link between workers and the firm , thereby losing the skills acquired by workers over the years ; and is also put forward as a cause of a reduction in the overall level of competition in the aggregate labour market and , therefore , a possible reason for the inflexibility of wage rates , particularly in the downward direction .
the existence of internal labour markets is sometimes used to explain labour  hoarding  ( the practice of employing more labour than is actually [] ) because firms do not wish to break the link between workers and the firm , thereby losing the skills acquired by workers over the years ; and is also put forward as a cause of a reduction in the overall level of competition in the aggregate labour market and , therefore , a possible reason for the inflexibility of wage rates , particularly in the downward direction .

If the firm is a public sector firm ( or nationalised industry ) , it may be required to operate in the  public interest  and so may attempt to produce as much as possible without making losses .
if the firm is a public sector firm ( or nationalised industry ) , it may be [] to operate in the  public interest  and so may attempt to produce as much as possible without making losses .

Similarly , in the summer months , workers associated with the winter sports industry and with the rush to produce and sell goods and services during the lead-up to Christmas find that their services are no longer required .
similarly , in the summer months , workers associated with the winter sports industry and with the rush to produce and sell goods and services during the lead-up to christmas find that their services are no longer [] .

index to be constructed : for example , if a consumer price index is required , then a basket of all kinds of consumer goods and services would have to be selected ; if a food price index is required , then a basket of all kinds of foodstuffs would be selected ; and so on .
index to be constructed : for example , if a consumer price index is [] , then a basket of all kinds of consumer goods and services would have to be selected ; if a food price index is [] , then a basket of all kinds of foodstuffs would be selected ; and so on .

Individuals are thus faced with a cost in terms of the time and effort spent on ensuring that they keep in money form only the amount required to cover their day-to-day transactions .
individuals are thus faced with a cost in terms of the time and effort spent on ensuring that they keep in money form only the amount [] to cover their day-to-day transactions .

Legislation is usually required to adjust these .
legislation is usually [] to adjust these .

Increases in money wages are seen to result from the activities of strong trade unions who make use of their monopoly power in the control of the supply of labour to push for wage increases in excess of those required to compensate workers for rising prices and rising productivity .
increases in money wages are seen to result from the activities of strong trade unions who make use of their monopoly power in the control of the supply of labour to push for wage increases in excess of those [] to compensate workers for rising prices and rising productivity .

More work was required on the Tri-Pacer in Singapore because it was n't producing power the way it should .
more work was [] on the tri-pacer in singapore because it was n't producing power the way it should .

When cold , several primes of the throttle are required , but no other special technique is needed .
when cold , several primes of the throttle are [] , but no other special technique is needed .

Post-landing checks while taxying required little other than switching off lights and radios .
post-landing checks while taxying [] little other than switching off lights and radios .

The civilian operator will be required to own and operate a fleet of twenty trainers .
the civilian operator will be [] to own and operate a fleet of twenty trainers .

 The children will soon realise that the steeper the slope the greater the effort required .
 the children will soon realise that the steeper the slope the greater the effort [] .

If the spontaneity is not there , then a word from the teacher may be all that is required .
if the spontaneity is not there , then a word from the teacher may be all that is [] .

All students undergoing courses of study approved by The Library Association , commencing in and after January 1981 have been required , after successful completion of their courses , to undergo professional training approved by the Association .
all students undergoing courses of study approved by the library association , commencing in and after january 1981 have been [] , after successful completion of their courses , to undergo professional training approved by the association .

 50 to allow staff to attend day courses  no allowance made for internal training programmes which are arranged as required  .
 50 to allow staff to attend day courses  no allowance made for internal training programmes which are arranged as []  .

 Full-time training officer , time allocated to library department unspecified and as required  .
 full-time training officer , time allocated to library department unspecified and as []  .

None of the  training officer  group specifically mentioned this , although formal Chief Executive/Local Authority approval is assumed to be required in all cases .
none of the  training officer  group specifically mentioned this , although formal chief executive/local authority approval is assumed to be [] in all cases .

Barbara Conroy , in her book on library staff development discusses evaluation in terms of how far stated objectives have been achieved , and emphasizes that although evaluation requires careful identification of what is being evaluated and why , to decide the  how , when and where  , of evaluation if it is to be more than  just a way of channelling impressionistic information into a required report form  , that it is not a highly  esoteric  activity , necessarily involving  complex research methodology  .
barbara conroy , in her book on library staff development discusses evaluation in terms of how far stated objectives have been achieved , and emphasizes that although evaluation requires careful identification of what is being evaluated and why , to decide the  how , when and where  , of evaluation if it is to be more than  just a way of channelling impressionistic information into a [] report form  , that it is not a highly  esoteric  activity , necessarily involving  complex research methodology  .

Library co-operatives rarely require much financial outlay but a minimum resource required is some staff time , and it seems likely that authorities with designated training officers ( or teams ) , are going to be in a much stronger position to be able to utilize the considerable potential possibilities of library co-operatives . Thus , the following document , produced by a very recently formed co-operative , has the need for a designated ( and trained ) training officer within each member library , as its first recommendation :
library co-operatives rarely require much financial outlay but a minimum resource [] is some staff time , and it seems likely that authorities with designated training officers ( or teams ) , are going to be in a much stronger position to be able to utilize the considerable potential possibilities of library co-operatives . thus , the following document , produced by a very recently formed co-operative , has the need for a designated ( and trained ) training officer within each member library , as its first recommendation :

To organise joint courses as required and offer places on internal local authority courses as appropriate .
to organise joint courses as [] and offer places on internal local authority courses as appropriate .

To facilitate the shared use , provision and production of training materials as required .
to facilitate the shared use , provision and production of training materials as [] .

Write down the objective on the list below then follow it with the immediate goals for the action required .
write down the objective on the list below then follow it with the immediate goals for the action [] .

We are required to love one another , love our neighbour and to love our marriage partner .
we are [] to love one another , love our neighbour and to love our marriage partner .

However , the Junker need for an external threat required that a sense of otherness , of not being Prussian , of not speaking German , when it was not altogether invisible , should be a threat .
however , the junker need for an external threat [] that a sense of otherness , of not being prussian , of not speaking german , when it was not altogether invisible , should be a threat .

If Poland was backward it was not because the Poles wanted it so , but because Germany and the other partitioning powers had made it that way , and because the Allies had failed to provide the necessary capital to finance Poland to do the job they required .
if poland was backward it was not because the poles wanted it so , but because germany and the other partitioning powers had made it that way , and because the allies had failed to provide the necessary capital to finance poland to do the job they [] .

The election was required by law , and if anyone thought it odd that there should be such trouble over elections to a chamber that now met only to ratify decisions taken elsewhere , then they kept the notion to themselves .
the election was [] by law , and if anyone thought it odd that there should be such trouble over elections to a chamber that now met only to ratify decisions taken elsewhere , then they kept the notion to themselves .

In 1954 the rabbit population had started to rebuild and the pest Act of that year required all landowners to eliminate wild rabbits .
in 1954 the rabbit population had started to rebuild and the pest act of that year [] all landowners to eliminate wild rabbits .

But , while it is an extremely sporting and enjoyable method , ferreting involves a lot of hard graft and a lot of skill and knowhow is required if it is to be done effectively .
but , while it is an extremely sporting and enjoyable method , ferreting involves a lot of hard graft and a lot of skill and knowhow is [] if it is to be done effectively .

As with all living creatures , there are good and bad , suitable and unsuitable , and it figures that you must invest in animals capable of doing the work required of them .
as with all living creatures , there are good and bad , suitable and unsuitable , and it figures that you must invest in animals capable of doing the work [] of them .

It is also important that my dogs and my ferrets get to know each other long before they are required to work together in the field .
it is also important that my dogs and my ferrets get to know each other long before they are [] to work together in the field .

If the rabbits are to be shot then the man required to do the shooting must be freed from all other responsibilities .
if the rabbits are to be shot then the man [] to do the shooting must be freed from all other responsibilities .

These nets must also be fastened top and bottom to each stake since they will be required to catch rabbits bolting in either direction .
these nets must also be fastened top and bottom to each stake since they will be [] to catch rabbits bolting in either direction .

If there is a need to dig deeper , the Norfolk long-spade will be required .
if there is a need to dig deeper , the norfolk long-spade will be [] .

Such places still exist but even when tackling them years ago it required a full team of professionals to make any worthwhile impression on the rabbits within .
such places still exist but even when tackling them years ago it [] a full team of professionals to make any worthwhile impression on the rabbits within .

If the burrow is a small one in flat territory , one man can effectively do all the shooting required and will stand in the middle , shooting round the full 360 degrees .
if the burrow is a small one in flat territory , one man can effectively do all the shooting [] and will stand in the middle , shooting round the full 360 degrees .

They are left to their own devices , to do as they please , and they will do everything required of them without instruction .
they are left to their own devices , to do as they please , and they will do everything [] of them without instruction .

Once you or anyone else understands exactly what 's required it is very easy .
once you or anyone else understands exactly what 's [] it is very easy .

Came the day , and the film unit  a ponderous line of vehicles , carrying half a ton of exceedingly expensive equipment and all the people required to make it work efficiently  rumbled out of the centre of Leeds .
came the day , and the film unit  a ponderous line of vehicles , carrying half a ton of exceedingly expensive equipment and all the people [] to make it work efficiently  rumbled out of the centre of leeds .

Still clad in her tattered working clothes , her wellingtons pumped away assiduously to give the instrument the breath it required .
still clad in her tattered working clothes , her wellingtons pumped away assiduously to give the instrument the breath it [] .

It would knock on the door with its beak when it required feeding .
it would knock on the door with its beak when it [] feeding .

It was an achievement which required hard work .
it was an achievement which [] hard work .

For most tumours , however , the genetic blueprint is normal , and two events are therefore required to knock out both copies of the relevant gene before a tumour arises , which is why they are so rare .
for most tumours , however , the genetic blueprint is normal , and two events are therefore [] to knock out both copies of the relevant gene before a tumour arises , which is why they are so rare .

Etty , mother 's constant companion , would accompany her to the shops , to the park or cinema , and do any extra chores required at home .
etty , mother 's constant companion , would accompany her to the shops , to the park or cinema , and do any extra chores [] at home .

To offset this , there were usually a few well-known local characters hanging about , anticipating their presence being required .
to offset this , there were usually a few well-known local characters hanging about , anticipating their presence being [] .

This tends to come as a bit of a shock and explanation is required , to wit : there is absolutely no point in persisting in salaried employment when taxes are rising to 59 per cent and beyond , and interest rates are equally upwardly mobile . The smart move is to proceed according to Mr Punch 's exclusive eight-point plan , as follows 
this tends to come as a bit of a shock and explanation is [] , to wit : there is absolutely no point in persisting in salaried employment when taxes are rising to 59 per cent and beyond , and interest rates are equally upwardly mobile . the smart move is to proceed according to mr punch 's exclusive eight-point plan , as follows 

 Guttersnipe could not summon up the enthusiasm required to wade through sufficient of this turgid stuff to find out what the  bizarre test  was but suspects it might have something to do with explaining the meaning of the words  Do-be-do-be-do  at the end of his popular tune  Strangers In The Night  .
 guttersnipe could not summon up the enthusiasm [] to wade through sufficient of this turgid stuff to find out what the  bizarre test  was but suspects it might have something to do with explaining the meaning of the words  do-be-do-be-do  at the end of his popular tune  strangers in the night  .

Again , it is likely that women today , and even more so in the future , will not automatically assume that it is their place to provide care when this is required .
again , it is likely that women today , and even more so in the future , will not automatically assume that it is their place to provide care when this is [] .

Secondly , it was recognised that existing services were often vital but that they were unable to meet all the needs of this special group of elderly people and that different types of service might be required ; it was never intended that the project should deprive people of existing services and substitute others for them , but that it should bridge gaps between those already available , whether statutory , voluntary or private .
secondly , it was recognised that existing services were often vital but that they were unable to meet all the needs of this special group of elderly people and that different types of service might be [] ; it was never intended that the project should deprive people of existing services and substitute others for them , but that it should bridge gaps between those already available , whether statutory , voluntary or private .

Information was required on his or her physical and mental condition , including any functional mental disorder or behavioural problems .
information was [] on his or her physical and mental condition , including any functional mental disorder or behavioural problems .

So the development officer concluded that the project 's services were not required . )
so the development officer concluded that the project 's services were not [] . )

Until then , cattle had been required mainly for work and milk but an increasing demand for meat inspired Bakewell to breed for the butcher rather than for the plough .
until then , cattle had been [] mainly for work and milk but an increasing demand for meat inspired bakewell to breed for the butcher rather than for the plough .

By the late 1950s the breed was again in decline and part of the blame could be put on the 1949 Agricultural Act , which set guidelines for bull licensing and required bulls ' dams to have high recorded milk yields . Moiled breeders rarely recorded yields and , like the worthy old Italian breeds which dwindled drastically in the face of Italy 's similar bull-licensing laws in the
by the late 1950s the breed was again in decline and part of the blame could be put on the 1949 agricultural act , which set guidelines for bull licensing and [] bulls ' dams to have high recorded milk yields . moiled breeders rarely recorded yields and , like the worthy old italian breeds which dwindled drastically in the face of italy 's similar bull-licensing laws in the

In times gone by Dutch cattle were dual-purpose types , as meat was required from the dairy herd as well as milk , but since the early 1970s there has been an increasing use of American Holstein-Friesians in the Netherlands to increase the milk yields of the Dutch Friesian ( which has lower yields than the Holstein type but a higher proportion of solids in the milk ) .
in times gone by dutch cattle were dual-purpose types , as meat was [] from the dairy herd as well as milk , but since the early 1970s there has been an increasing use of american holstein-friesians in the netherlands to increase the milk yields of the dutch friesian ( which has lower yields than the holstein type but a higher proportion of solids in the milk ) .

For larger quantities of facial or massage oil to be stored in dark glass bottles , fill a 50 ml bottle with base oil , then add the required amount of essential oil .
for larger quantities of facial or massage oil to be stored in dark glass bottles , fill a 50 ml bottle with base oil , then add the [] amount of essential oil .

The simplest method is to add five or six drops of essential oil onto a handkerchief and inhale as required .
the simplest method is to add five or six drops of essential oil onto a handkerchief and inhale as [] .

Leave the compress in place until it has cooled to body temperature ; renew at intervals as required .
leave the compress in place until it has cooled to body temperature ; renew at intervals as [] .

Leave it in place until it warms to body heat and renew it as required .
leave it in place until it warms to body heat and renew it as [] .

To open a tin working required capital and this capital was provided by Roberts whose interest was repaid  in tin .
to open a tin working [] capital and this capital was provided by roberts whose interest was repaid  in tin .

In exchange , limestone to fertilise the fields , all coal and other industrial products required by the agricultural community would find their way back upstream and up the lane to the village .
in exchange , limestone to fertilise the fields , all coal and other industrial products [] by the agricultural community would find their way back upstream and up the lane to the village .

But this means extra weight to punch the tackle out the required distance and also a greater effort , which inevitably leads to inaccuracy .
but this means extra weight to punch the tackle out the [] distance and also a greater effort , which inevitably leads to inaccuracy .

The rate is the net amount required by the local authority to meet the estimated expenditure and is levied on the occupiers of all properties in the valuation list according to the assessment of each property .
the rate is the net amount [] by the local authority to meet the estimated expenditure and is levied on the occupiers of all properties in the valuation list according to the assessment of each property .

The term  precept  means a demand by one body upon another for the cost of services administered by the body making the demand in the area of the body required to meet the demand .
the term  precept  means a demand by one body upon another for the cost of services administered by the body making the demand in the area of the body [] to meet the demand .

Any person who acts in good faith will not , however , be required to make repayment .
any person who acts in good faith will not , however , be [] to make repayment .

The candidate must be proposed and seconded and after being proposed and seconded he must obtain the signatures of eight assentors , except in the case of a parish , town or community council election where assentors are not required .
the candidate must be proposed and seconded and after being proposed and seconded he must obtain the signatures of eight assentors , except in the case of a parish , town or community council election where assentors are not [] .

He is required by statute , before he can act in the office of councillor , to make the declaration of acceptance of office .
he is [] by statute , before he can act in the office of councillor , to make the declaration of acceptance of office .

The chief executive or clerk of the authority will for the purpose of avoiding disqualification under this provision usually prepare the form in readiness so that as soon as the councillor is elected he may make the declaration as required .
the chief executive or clerk of the authority will for the purpose of avoiding disqualification under this provision usually prepare the form in readiness so that as soon as the councillor is elected he may make the declaration as [] .

The disadvantage is that the individual councillor , if he is a member of such a group , may be required to sub-ordinate what he considers to be in the best interests of his electors to what his group so consider .
the disadvantage is that the individual councillor , if he is a member of such a group , may be [] to sub-ordinate what he considers to be in the best interests of his electors to what his group so consider .

Many local authorities in their standing orders provide that in such circumstances the member of the council should leave the meeting , but if the standing orders do not so provide , the member may not be required to leave .
many local authorities in their standing orders provide that in such circumstances the member of the council should leave the meeting , but if the standing orders do not so provide , the member may not be [] to leave .

His work has now become so specialised that men of the highest standard are required to fill this office .
his work has now become so specialised that men of the highest standard are [] to fill this office .

Ageism-awareness campaigns and anti-ageist strategies , while essential are not sufficient to bring about the level of change which is required .
ageism-awareness campaigns and anti-ageist strategies , while essential are not sufficient to bring about the level of change which is [] .

There are several areas in which legal protection is required .
there are several areas in which legal protection is [] .

Who then is going to organise the packages of support required by the new structure of Community Care ?
who then is going to organise the packages of support [] by the new structure of community care ?

The 1979 Royal Commission on the National Health Service estimated that an annual growth of 1 per cent in public expenditure was required simply to keep pace with demographic pressures .
the 1979 royal commission on the national health service estimated that an annual growth of 1 per cent in public expenditure was [] simply to keep pace with demographic pressures .

The amounts required for clothing and housing were also set lower than those of a person of working age .
the amounts [] for clothing and housing were also set lower than those of a person of working age .

Extra heating may also be required to offset pain , discomfort or poor circulation .
extra heating may also be [] to offset pain , discomfort or poor circulation .

In the mid-1970s a young woman went to a shop to rent a television set and was required to provide a guarantor .
in the mid-1970s a young woman went to a shop to rent a television set and was [] to provide a guarantor .

The negative effect of such discrimination is illustrated by the practice in adult education establishments which treat pensioners as  half persons  ; colleges charge them half price for attending courses , but then insist that a class must have twice as many registrations as required for younger students , before it can go ahead .
the negative effect of such discrimination is illustrated by the practice in adult education establishments which treat pensioners as  half persons  ; colleges charge them half price for attending courses , but then insist that a class must have twice as many registrations as [] for younger students , before it can go ahead .

For their part , consumes should take reasonable care when making purchases ; where there is small print it should be read carefully or , if it seems complex and the purchase involves a large sum of money , professional advice may be required .
for their part , consumes should take reasonable care when making purchases ; where there is small print it should be read carefully or , if it seems complex and the purchase involves a large sum of money , professional advice may be [] .

In some cases , purchasers of leasehold properties have made assumptions about the level of service charges they would be required to pay which have subsequently turned out to seriously underestimate the increases which the manager has in fact levied over a number of years .
in some cases , purchasers of leasehold properties have made assumptions about the level of service charges they would be [] to pay which have subsequently turned out to seriously underestimate the increases which the manager has in fact levied over a number of years .

But , once more , the qualifications were liberally added :  as long as the individual is active and capable of carrying out the required duties  ; and  where risks to other persons are involved ( eg driving ) , then adequate checks on ability should be made .
but , once more , the qualifications were liberally added :  as long as the individual is active and capable of carrying out the [] duties  ; and  where risks to other persons are involved ( eg driving ) , then adequate checks on ability should be made .

In this second part we shall look at what is required of a spiritual director and suggest some ways of exploring it as a personal resource .
in this second part we shall look at what is [] of a spiritual director and suggest some ways of exploring it as a personal resource .

So Deborah had to be content to ride on a tree branch every Saturday morning on her way to Pack Meeting but she did long to be on the back of a real pony again and to help in the stables as she used to do , and learn how a pony should be shoed , cared for and fed , and to know and do the other things required to pass the Pony Rider test .
so deborah had to be content to ride on a tree branch every saturday morning on her way to pack meeting but she did long to be on the back of a real pony again and to help in the stables as she used to do , and learn how a pony should be shoed , cared for and fed , and to know and do the other things [] to pass the pony rider test .

But Mr. Foster , who lost his deposit after failing to gain the required 5 percent , said :  You can rest assured that the Green Party will remain active in East Hampshire .
but mr. foster , who lost his deposit after failing to gain the [] 5 percent , said :  you can rest assured that the green party will remain active in east hampshire .

Both self-employed , and having the required skills , the two set about raising the 150 they would each need to pay for the journey as well as the tools and materials they would need .
both self-employed , and having the [] skills , the two set about raising the 150 they would each need to pay for the journey as well as the tools and materials they would need .

There is a telephone answering machine if required , on 0252 313810 .
there is a telephone answering machine if [] , on 0252 313810 .

During the Gulf War Dr. Winfield was required to establish a forward field hospital to cope with an expected flood of casualties which , happily , did not materialise .
during the gulf war dr. winfield was [] to establish a forward field hospital to cope with an expected flood of casualties which , happily , did not materialise .

When privatised , the new plc was required to improve the river and the water supply as it had been hoping to do and had been prevented from doing .
when privatised , the new plc was [] to improve the river and the water supply as it had been hoping to do and had been prevented from doing .

This required much investment and also profit had to be provided to the shareholders , some of them French .
this [] much investment and also profit had to be provided to the shareholders , some of them french .

There was a good number present and the main business of the day required the club to decide on the donations they should make to the women 's section and other charities .
there was a good number present and the main business of the day [] the club to decide on the donations they should make to the women 's section and other charities .

Arjo had won the contract to supply all the printed paper required for the recent winter Olympics at Albertville , France  from tickets to brochures , carbonless forms to photo-copying paper .
arjo had won the contract to supply all the printed paper [] for the recent winter olympics at albertville , france  from tickets to brochures , carbonless forms to photo-copying paper .

There are dangers involved in the writing of contemporary history quite apart from the standard objection that distance and hard evidence are required if a true perspective is to be gained .
there are dangers involved in the writing of contemporary history quite apart from the standard objection that distance and hard evidence are [] if a true perspective is to be gained .

If any decision required taking in regard to Egypt , one had to remember that 1 o'clock was 3.00 am on the Canal .
if any decision [] taking in regard to egypt , one had to remember that 1 o'clock was 3.00 am on the canal .

The goal deluge at St James 's Park brought home the need to counter the effects of the new offside law which came into force that summer and which reduced from three to two the number of players required to be between an opposing attacker and goal when the ball was last played .
the goal deluge at st james 's park brought home the need to counter the effects of the new offside law which came into force that summer and which reduced from three to two the number of players [] to be between an opposing attacker and goal when the ball was last played .

Graham commented that in practice budgeting was usually a matter of upgrading finding bared on historical foundations rather than calculating what was required for the services that were needed , and he referred to university funding being  budget-led  rather than  product-led  .
graham commented that in practice budgeting was usually a matter of upgrading finding bared on historical foundations rather than calculating what was [] for the services that were needed , and he referred to university funding being  budget-led  rather than  product-led  .

He noted however that few computer-based circulation systems include as standard features the ability to cumulate data over a period of years , or to analyse the data as required , so that much in-house development of existing systems was necessary .
he noted however that few computer-based circulation systems include as standard features the ability to cumulate data over a period of years , or to analyse the data as [] , so that much in-house development of existing systems was necessary .

Two perspectives are required .
two perspectives are [] .

Some form of adjustment is therefore required to give users in minority interest categories a  better deal  .
some form of adjustment is therefore [] to give users in minority interest categories a  better deal  .

For this purpose bibliographical knowledge is required .
for this purpose bibliographical knowledge is [] .

What the system does do is to provide a continuous flow of information to the selector about the type of books required by the library and the number of books of each type , and it is on this information that the bibliographical decisions are based .
what the system does do is to provide a continuous flow of information to the selector about the type of books [] by the library and the number of books of each type , and it is on this information that the bibliographical decisions are based .

His comments on the effects of injecting fresh stock into a subject area ( Chapter 12 ) are illuminating , and his chapter ( 13 ) on bookstock rotation ( exchanges ) is very fully worked out and makes required reading .
his comments on the effects of injecting fresh stock into a subject area ( chapter 12 ) are illuminating , and his chapter ( 13 ) on bookstock rotation ( exchanges ) is very fully worked out and makes [] reading .

There are aspects of the scheme which appear either to distort information or to offer less sophisticated information than is required , and which would cause library authorities to examine its cost-effectiveness very closely before theory could be put into practice .
there are aspects of the scheme which appear either to distort information or to offer less sophisticated information than is [] , and which would cause library authorities to examine its cost-effectiveness very closely before theory could be put into practice .

Also , decisions on the purchase of multiple copies are rarely required in the case of research material .
also , decisions on the purchase of multiple copies are rarely [] in the case of research material .

Standard works required for long-term retention on open access stock would obviously be bound  though works intended for relegation to store need not be unless their physical condition impedes use .
standard works [] for long-term retention on open access stock would obviously be bound  though works intended for relegation to store need not be unless their physical condition impedes use .

Further financial guidelines are required to ensure that a throughout-the-year coverage of new publications is guaranteed , and that orders ( and therefore the receipt of books ) are evenly paced throughout the year .
further financial guidelines are [] to ensure that a throughout-the-year coverage of new publications is guaranteed , and that orders ( and therefore the receipt of books ) are evenly paced throughout the year .

The required staff structure is described in full in his paper  The organisation of a library for subject specialisation  .
the [] staff structure is described in full in his paper  the organisation of a library for subject specialisation  .

Where a choice is available , however , the librarian will pick his booksellers carefully , trying to gain access through each to some particular advantage : a good shelf stock in certain subjects , from which the librarian may make a personal selection in the shop ; a link with the American book trade ; a quick service for urgent requests ; an agency for required series of foreign books ; a technically knowledgeable and reliable staff ; an annual sale of slow-selling books at reduced prices .
where a choice is available , however , the librarian will pick his booksellers carefully , trying to gain access through each to some particular advantage : a good shelf stock in certain subjects , from which the librarian may make a personal selection in the shop ; a link with the american book trade ; a quick service for urgent requests ; an agency for [] series of foreign books ; a technically knowledgeable and reliable staff ; an annual sale of slow-selling books at reduced prices .

Outside National Parks and SSSIs prior approval is not required before a farmer goes ahead and implements a capital scheme for which grant is claimed after completion .
outside national parks and sssis prior approval is not [] before a farmer goes ahead and implements a capital scheme for which grant is claimed after completion .

The applicant is required to certify that he has taken nature conservation into account when implementing his scheme , even though the average farmer can not be expected to be capable of assessing such impacts .
the applicant is [] to certify that he has taken nature conservation into account when implementing his scheme , even though the average farmer can not be expected to be capable of assessing such impacts .

More funds were required generally for longer opening hours ; more paid staff was wanted as was more training .
more funds were [] generally for longer opening hours ; more paid staff was wanted as was more training .

All these sections required rewriting , reclassifying and indexing as well as updating any cross-references to the old benefits throughout the information system .
all these sections [] rewriting , reclassifying and indexing as well as updating any cross-references to the old benefits throughout the information system .

These cars run as specials , which run as required by the time-keepers according to passenger flows .
these cars run as specials , which run as [] by the time-keepers according to passenger flows .

They were used initially on the new ten-minute Squires Gate and Fleetwood service which required ten cars , and the remainder used as Fleetwood specials .
they were used initially on the new ten-minute squires gate and fleetwood service which [] ten cars , and the remainder used as fleetwood specials .

It was flat , and having been open for only fifteen years , was not criss-crossed with sewers , gas and water pipes which otherwise would have required costly re-location .
it was flat , and having been open for only fifteen years , was not criss-crossed with sewers , gas and water pipes which otherwise would have [] costly re-location .

The result of his intransigence was a refusal by the Council during the Twenties , to sanction the number of new trams required for modernisation .
the result of his intransigence was a refusal by the council during the twenties , to sanction the number of new trams [] for modernisation .

Threshing machinery was driven by horse-wheel when mechanical threshing was introduced from Scotland late in the eighteenth century with the development of the threshing drum , to relieve men from the real hard labour of threshing with flails , although in areas where the straw was required for thatching , hand-threshing continued long after the appearance of machinery .
threshing machinery was driven by horse-wheel when mechanical threshing was introduced from scotland late in the eighteenth century with the development of the threshing drum , to relieve men from the real hard labour of threshing with flails , although in areas where the straw was [] for thatching , hand-threshing continued long after the appearance of machinery .

required the building of the Moorgate bridge in 1835 , a few miles south of this village on the North York Moors .
[] the building of the moorgate bridge in 1835 , a few miles south of this village on the north york moors .

When discussing terms with your employer , you may be asked to consider whether you prefer a fixed-term agreement or a  rolling  contract , ie one which rolls on until the required period of notice is given .
when discussing terms with your employer , you may be asked to consider whether you prefer a fixed-term agreement or a  rolling  contract , ie one which rolls on until the [] period of notice is given .

Consent to change is required .
consent to change is [] .

You need to know what is required of you .
you need to know what is [] of you .

those employed in senior management may by the nature of their jobs be fully aware of what is required of them and fully capable of judging for themselves whether they are achieving that requirement .
those employed in senior management may by the nature of their jobs be fully aware of what is [] of them and fully capable of judging for themselves whether they are achieving that requirement .

What is required  is , firstly , that there should be a fair review by the employer of the attendance record and the reasons for it ; and , secondly , appropriate warnings , after the employee has been given an opportunity to make representations .
what is []  is , firstly , that there should be a fair review by the employer of the attendance record and the reasons for it ; and , secondly , appropriate warnings , after the employee has been given an opportunity to make representations .

Arguments about what exactly you can be required to do may be resolved by careful study of the small print of your contract .
arguments about what exactly you can be [] to do may be resolved by careful study of the small print of your contract .

By the nature of your job , you may reasonably be expected to be aware of the standards that are required .
by the nature of your job , you may reasonably be expected to be aware of the standards that are [] .

If your employer ceases business at every place where you can be required to work under your contract , you will be redundant .
if your employer ceases business at every place where you can be [] to work under your contract , you will be redundant .

Until a few years ago , it seemed clear that there was redundancy where an employer no longer required the same number of employees .
until a few years ago , it seemed clear that there was redundancy where an employer no longer [] the same number of employees .

It was long thought that a mere redistribution of duties without any reduction in the total number of employees required or the total amount of work to be done did not amount to redundancy .
it was long thought that a mere redistribution of duties without any reduction in the total number of employees [] or the total amount of work to be done did not amount to redundancy .

Thus , as part of a cost-cutting exercise , an employer may simply ask some of the existing employees doing a job to absorb the work of colleagues who are then no longer required and are consequently made redundant .
thus , as part of a cost-cutting exercise , an employer may simply ask some of the existing employees doing a job to absorb the work of colleagues who are then no longer [] and are consequently made redundant .

Third , the plight of the business may be so grave , and the selection of the individuals concerned so inevitable and so urgently required , that consultation would make absolutely no difference to the outcome .
third , the plight of the business may be so grave , and the selection of the individuals concerned so inevitable and so urgently [] , that consultation would make absolutely no difference to the outcome .

a wages payment for a notice period which you are not required to work .
a wages payment for a notice period which you are not [] to work .

Coleridge and Southey optimistically calculated that two or three hours daily labour would be all that was required , and that the remaining time could be given up to  study , liberal discussions , and the education of their children  .
coleridge and southey optimistically calculated that two or three hours daily labour would be all that was [] , and that the remaining time could be given up to  study , liberal discussions , and the education of their children  .

The information required includes quantity , nature of container , time and place of transfer and details of the status of the transferor and transferee .
the information [] includes quantity , nature of container , time and place of transfer and details of the status of the transferor and transferee .

Before such an objective could be achieved much work was required .
before such an objective could be achieved much work was [] .

Functional groups were designated by suffixes ( prefixes were not required , because only one functional group was considered at a time ) .
functional groups were designated by suffixes ( prefixes were not [] , because only one functional group was considered at a time ) .

Meanwhile , he saw no reason to delay other measures in the package :  We have , after all , made extraordinary progress in the four years since these proposals were listed in the White Paper as part of the programme required for the Single Market . If this package had had to go through national parliaments , it would not have been achieved in a hundred years ! 
meanwhile , he saw no reason to delay other measures in the package :  we have , after all , made extraordinary progress in the four years since these proposals were listed in the white paper as part of the programme [] for the single market . if this package had had to go through national parliaments , it would not have been achieved in a hundred years ! 

Ignition typically required about 1 g of a mixture of sodium borohydride and charcoal , when equal portions of each were mixed together and formed into a pile .
ignition typically [] about 1 g of a mixture of sodium borohydride and charcoal , when equal portions of each were mixed together and formed into a pile .

However , in the presence of water , eg after exposure to the laboratory atmosphere , inflammation took place more readily , with as little as 50 mg of mixture being required .
however , in the presence of water , eg after exposure to the laboratory atmosphere , inflammation took place more readily , with as little as 50 mg of mixture being [] .

Turning to another point , whereas experimentalists are required to quote errors as a matter of course , theoretical chemists are not yet able to provide both upper and lower bounds in calculations of energies .
turning to another point , whereas experimentalists are [] to quote errors as a matter of course , theoretical chemists are not yet able to provide both upper and lower bounds in calculations of energies .

Furthermore , the job description is also vitally important so that candidates then know what is required .
furthermore , the job description is also vitally important so that candidates then know what is [] .

All that is required is a brief , coherent description  what the group does , an outline of the local organisation and where the post in question fits in .
all that is [] is a brief , coherent description  what the group does , an outline of the local organisation and where the post in question fits in .

Is a specialist required or should general potential be given more weight ?
is a specialist [] or should general potential be given more weight ?

This book not only gives a detailed description of a modern analytical methods used in the detection of drugs of abuse but also includes information on the type of forensic support required by the police and customs in this area .
this book not only gives a detailed description of a modern analytical methods used in the detection of drugs of abuse but also includes information on the type of forensic support [] by the police and customs in this area .

Applications will be considered by a fellowship committee and the holder will be required to submit a formal report on the work accomplished .
applications will be considered by a fellowship committee and the holder will be [] to submit a formal report on the work accomplished .

It has been shown that only physiological concentrations of insulin c. 3040  U/ml are required for such an effect ( De Fronzo , 1981 ) .
it has been shown that only physiological concentrations of insulin c. 3040  u/ml are [] for such an effect ( de fronzo , 1981 ) .

Indeed , a non-controlled ( Dodson & Humphreys , 1981 ) and a controlled ( Beard et al , 1982 ) trial have shown such a combined diet does lower blood pressure and , importantly , the quantity of antihypertensive medication required for good blood pressure control .
indeed , a non-controlled ( dodson & humphreys , 1981 ) and a controlled ( beard et al , 1982 ) trial have shown such a combined diet does lower blood pressure and , importantly , the quantity of antihypertensive medication [] for good blood pressure control .

In this situation low-sodium diets are contraindicated and a mineralocorticoid may be required .
in this situation low-sodium diets are contraindicated and a mineralocorticoid may be [] .

In addition , as the natural history of this extremely distressing condition is to improve with time , considerable counselling and encouragement will be required .
in addition , as the natural history of this extremely distressing condition is to improve with time , considerable counselling and encouragement will be [] .

When inadequate response occurs or there is difficulty in compliance owing to the need to ingest a large bulk of exchange resins , a further agent may be required ( e.g .
when inadequate response occurs or there is difficulty in compliance owing to the need to ingest a large bulk of exchange resins , a further agent may be [] ( e.g .

If insulin is required a convenient regime is to use a highly purified porcine or human short-acting insulin subcutaneously .
if insulin is [] a convenient regime is to use a highly purified porcine or human short-acting insulin subcutaneously .

There are three ingredients required for successful compliance : first , the patient must be motivated to comply ; second , he must be informed about diet in a way that is individually appropriate ; thirdly , realistic and attainable objectives must be set .
there are three ingredients [] for successful compliance : first , the patient must be motivated to comply ; second , he must be informed about diet in a way that is individually appropriate ; thirdly , realistic and attainable objectives must be set .

To make matters worse many dietary instructional leaflets required a reading age not attained by the target population .
to make matters worse many dietary instructional leaflets [] a reading age not attained by the target population .

If this drug fails to control the diabetes than a more potent preparation such as glibenclamide may be required .
if this drug fails to control the diabetes than a more potent preparation such as glibenclamide may be [] .

Clearly more study with an enlarged data base is required to refine these observations .
clearly more study with an enlarged data base is [] to refine these observations .

Using the database sorting facilities to regroup the information as required , it is then possible to explore the actual information base of the organisation in a number of ways .
using the database sorting facilities to regroup the information as [] , it is then possible to explore the actual information base of the organisation in a number of ways .

By way of background information , some EPHs operate with a hierarchical structure of an Officer-in-charge ( ie the manager ) with 3 assistant officers , one of whom would be appointed as the Senior Assistant and act as deputy for the Officer-in-charge when required .
by way of background information , some ephs operate with a hierarchical structure of an officer-in-charge ( ie the manager ) with 3 assistant officers , one of whom would be appointed as the senior assistant and act as deputy for the officer-in-charge when [] .

The number of meals required at each meal session
the number of meals [] at each meal session

Experience has shown that many real situations are lacking in mechanisms for monitoring what is going on , and taking the necessary control action when the required standards are n't being met .
experience has shown that many real situations are lacking in mechanisms for monitoring what is going on , and taking the necessary control action when the [] standards are n't being met .

Required standards and practices for hygiene and safety in the kitchen .
[] standards and practices for hygiene and safety in the kitchen .

The most difficult part of the process was attempting to identify information links between the system components , ie the source of information required by the activity , and the destination of the information produced .
the most difficult part of the process was attempting to identify information links between the system components , ie the source of information [] by the activity , and the destination of the information produced .

Against each activity the information required for successful operation , or produced during the activity , had been listed .
against each activity the information [] for successful operation , or produced during the activity , had been listed .

The questioning process was essentially undertaken in two stages ; the analysis had indicated what information was required or produced , and it was first necessary to check whether this was the case in practice .
the questioning process was essentially undertaken in two stages ; the analysis had indicated what information was [] or produced , and it was first necessary to check whether this was the case in practice .

If required , the activities could be prioritised on the basis of whether they were primary , secondary , support or control activities , providing the basis for the evaluation of any proposed systems .
if [] , the activities could be prioritised on the basis of whether they were primary , secondary , support or control activities , providing the basis for the evaluation of any proposed systems .

After the user requirement had been produced , and the options for system development had been considered , it was agreed that it would be most cost-effective if suitable applications software could be identified , which would also reduce the time required for installation .
after the user requirement had been produced , and the options for system development had been considered , it was agreed that it would be most cost-effective if suitable applications software could be identified , which would also reduce the time [] for installation .

In the run-up to implementation there was naturally some concern , as it was obvious from the outset that changes would be required to accounting procedures and practices , personnel matters , and local control and management of resources .
in the run-up to implementation there was naturally some concern , as it was obvious from the outset that changes would be [] to accounting procedures and practices , personnel matters , and local control and management of resources .

The majority of College finance is provided by central government grants , which are divided at local level into that required to provide central administrative and support services , and that used to finance the College operations , allocated on a pro-rata basis to individual establishments dependent on the level of course provision and student numbers .
the majority of college finance is provided by central government grants , which are divided at local level into that [] to provide central administrative and support services , and that used to finance the college operations , allocated on a pro-rata basis to individual establishments dependent on the level of course provision and student numbers .

At this stage it was not the intention to explore the real world on the basis of the model , but to use the model as a starting point for further development , and the analysts concentrated on specifying the transformation required , without too much concern about the system ownership , actors , etc .
at this stage it was not the intention to explore the real world on the basis of the model , but to use the model as a starting point for further development , and the analysts concentrated on specifying the transformation [] , without too much concern about the system ownership , actors , etc .

 to obtain and organise resources at appropriate levels to deliver Further Education as required by statute and to meet local demand , unconstrained by financial considerations '
 to obtain and organise resources at appropriate levels to deliver further education as [] by statute and to meet local demand , unconstrained by financial considerations '

Allow finance to be equated to the resources needed to provide education at the required level ( ie achieve equilibrium )
allow finance to be equated to the resources needed to provide education at the [] level ( ie achieve equilibrium )

It also focussed attention at each level on the measures of performance required for effective monitoring and control , and the information dependencies of all subsystems . Further expansion was carried out on the same basis , progressively moving through the model until more specific activities started to emerge , such as those that could be associated with component 8.7 , ie reduce costs :
it also focussed attention at each level on the measures of performance [] for effective monitoring and control , and the information dependencies of all subsystems . further expansion was carried out on the same basis , progressively moving through the model until more specific activities started to emerge , such as those that could be associated with component 8.7 , ie reduce costs :

This further expansion gave greater insight into the information requirements of the system ( eg for the activity Tender for services , information about tender procedures , potential contractors , standards required , etc could be relevant ) , and could be checked against the information actually available in practice , an approach that is examined further in Chapter 11 .
this further expansion gave greater insight into the information requirements of the system ( eg for the activity tender for services , information about tender procedures , potential contractors , standards [] , etc could be relevant ) , and could be checked against the information actually available in practice , an approach that is examined further in chapter 11 .

Although the analysis was of necessity extensive , it was not the intention of the study to explore each activity in detail to determine where procedural or other changes were required , but to provide the basis for reviewing existing structures , particularly those related to non-teaching staff .
although the analysis was of necessity extensive , it was not the intention of the study to explore each activity in detail to determine where procedural or other changes were [] , but to provide the basis for reviewing existing structures , particularly those related to non-teaching staff .

In the case of the Colleges , the increased delegation of responsibilities bought about by new legislation warranted the introduction of new endeavours , or changes to existing ones , and the analysis helped to identify where these were required at all levels .
in the case of the colleges , the increased delegation of responsibilities bought about by new legislation warranted the introduction of new endeavours , or changes to existing ones , and the analysis helped to identify where these were [] at all levels .

Bearing in mind that the review was directed at determining the broad changes necessary to a College structure , at this point the analysts were primarily concerned with those areas where new functions were required .
bearing in mind that the review was directed at determining the broad changes necessary to a college structure , at this point the analysts were primarily concerned with those areas where new functions were [] .

The lower order changes in responsibility were considered at a later stage when working with Principals to determine the detailed changes required at individual Colleges .
the lower order changes in responsibility were considered at a later stage when working with principals to determine the detailed changes [] at individual colleges .

Business and marketing functions , ie those required to develop income potential .
business and marketing functions , ie those [] to develop income potential .

Following acceptance by the client of the findings of the systems exercise , and their value for focussing the direction of College developments , it was then necessary to provide some pragmatic advice about the new grades , salaries and groupings that would be required once the Act was implemented .
following acceptance by the client of the findings of the systems exercise , and their value for focussing the direction of college developments , it was then necessary to provide some pragmatic advice about the new grades , salaries and groupings that would be [] once the act was implemented .

Most important , of course , was the recognition that , although in the long-term measures to increase income and reduce costs would enable Colleges to become more self-sufficient , in the short-term the finance available would not necessarily allow all desirable changes to be introduced simultaneously , and some prioritising would be required .
most important , of course , was the recognition that , although in the long-term measures to increase income and reduce costs would enable colleges to become more self-sufficient , in the short-term the finance available would not necessarily allow all desirable changes to be introduced simultaneously , and some prioritising would be [] .

In terms of priorities , the client was advised to consider first the changes required to reflect the responsibilities that would be assumed from April 1st 1990 , accepting that , in the longer term , further changes would be needed as a result of management information and computer system developments , and to improve cost control and income-generating activities .
in terms of priorities , the client was advised to consider first the changes [] to reflect the responsibilities that would be assumed from april 1st 1990 , accepting that , in the longer term , further changes would be needed as a result of management information and computer system developments , and to improve cost control and income-generating activities .

The extent to which this is required , and the difficulty in achieving it , will depend on the level of procedure that the audit is directed at .
the extent to which this is [] , and the difficulty in achieving it , will depend on the level of procedure that the audit is directed at .

Where there is a difference in levels , either as an under or over achievement , then some investigation is required .
where there is a difference in levels , either as an under or over achievement , then some investigation is [] .

This process is similar to work study exercises where measurable elements of a task are identified before the actual measurement takes place , and consideration is given to the resources required at each level , including the skills and experience of the operator .
this process is similar to work study exercises where measurable elements of a task are identified before the actual measurement takes place , and consideration is given to the resources [] at each level , including the skills and experience of the operator .

To improve the presentation of results a Procedure Audit Report may be devised , listing the purpose and objectives of the procedure , the nested activities and required resources , the performance indicators and desirable target levels , and the results of the analysis .
to improve the presentation of results a procedure audit report may be devised , listing the purpose and objectives of the procedure , the nested activities and [] resources , the performance indicators and desirable target levels , and the results of the analysis .

The resources required by the procedure have been identified , and some degree of interconnection between the envisaged sub-systems is apparent , mainly involving the transfer of information .
the resources [] by the procedure have been identified , and some degree of interconnection between the envisaged sub-systems is apparent , mainly involving the transfer of information .

The problems were not confined to standard paper-based files ; the work of the departments required a variety of file forms , such as large plans , maps and drawings , and computer storage media .
the problems were not confined to standard paper-based files ; the work of the departments [] a variety of file forms , such as large plans , maps and drawings , and computer storage media .

There were also difficulties for staff who undertook priority work for such matters as public enquiries , and required access at times when the Registry was closed , eg at lunchtime and hours outside the normal working day .
there were also difficulties for staff who undertook priority work for such matters as public enquiries , and [] access at times when the registry was closed , eg at lunchtime and hours outside the normal working day .

Staff in both departments found it necessary to maintain informal or social contacts to obtain information required for their tasks , and had some misgivings about the lateral flow of mutually relevant information .
staff in both departments found it necessary to maintain informal or social contacts to obtain information [] for their tasks , and had some misgivings about the lateral flow of mutually relevant information .

The structure of the index items was described in terms of the type of search facility required to support the work of branch and other clerks , for example , on the basis of title , keywords , or links to geographic map references .
the structure of the index items was described in terms of the type of search facility [] to support the work of branch and other clerks , for example , on the basis of title , keywords , or links to geographic map references .

Maintaining the index would be improved by establishing a specific role of system manager with responsibilities for the quality and integrity of the index , and for making exceptions to rules when required .
maintaining the index would be improved by establishing a specific role of system manager with responsibilities for the quality and integrity of the index , and for making exceptions to rules when [] .

System monitoring would be enhanced by the collection of statistics ( computer-aided ) to influence archiving policy , the integration of local indexes with the central system , and , by demonstrating the benefits of the new system , encouraging greater adherence to required procedures .
system monitoring would be enhanced by the collection of statistics ( computer-aided ) to influence archiving policy , the integration of local indexes with the central system , and , by demonstrating the benefits of the new system , encouraging greater adherence to [] procedures .

Collecting information would be improved by making the officer who generated or handled information objects responsible for transferring the master copy to the central storage system , a back-up copy being retained on file for use when the master is already on loan and further copies are required .
collecting information would be improved by making the officer who generated or handled information objects responsible for transferring the master copy to the central storage system , a back-up copy being retained on file for use when the master is already on loan and further copies are [] .

Accessing information would be improved by showing the file location in the index , and making secondary copies available for issue if required .
accessing information would be improved by showing the file location in the index , and making secondary copies available for issue if [] .

Considerable further work would be required to analyse and describe the information objects which would be candidates for indexing , and/or electronic filing .
considerable further work would be [] to analyse and describe the information objects which would be candidates for indexing , and/or electronic filing .

In other instances , specific case files were raised to bring together all information related to individual projects , which could have a life-cycle of several years ; some sections were primarily concerned with specialist subjects on a geographical basis ( eg all the archaeological sites in each district of the County ) ; certain support services required files on matters of policy , or personnel , or finance , and so on .
in other instances , specific case files were raised to bring together all information related to individual projects , which could have a life-cycle of several years ; some sections were primarily concerned with specialist subjects on a geographical basis ( eg all the archaeological sites in each district of the county ) ; certain support services [] files on matters of policy , or personnel , or finance , and so on .

For example , some functions required fast and frequent access to both active and dormant files ; others managed efficiently with slower access times , but had a need for more extensive cross-referencing ; some items had a limited life only , whereas information relating to policy and major structural changes had to be kept indefinitely .
for example , some functions [] fast and frequent access to both active and dormant files ; others managed efficiently with slower access times , but had a need for more extensive cross-referencing ; some items had a limited life only , whereas information relating to policy and major structural changes had to be kept indefinitely .

These and other statements indicated that a comprehensive computerised records management system was intended by the proposals , ie one that required all activities and events associated with the files , and the documents they contain , to be recorded .
these and other statements indicated that a comprehensive computerised records management system was intended by the proposals , ie one that [] all activities and events associated with the files , and the documents they contain , to be recorded .

Significant reductions in the time required to retrieve files
significant reductions in the time [] to retrieve files

Management of the filing system would be aided by the introduction of the disciplined procedures required to operate the computer system , and by an improved awareness of the overall state of the system at any time .
management of the filing system would be aided by the introduction of the disciplined procedures [] to operate the computer system , and by an improved awareness of the overall state of the system at any time .

The term  rich  implies that the pictures should contain a wealth of information relevant to the study ; however , trying to include too much detail can result in them becoming extremely cluttered , and it is often necessary to summarise the detail ( using the interview analysis technique if required ) and redraw them as the study progresses .
the term  rich  implies that the pictures should contain a wealth of information relevant to the study ; however , trying to include too much detail can result in them becoming extremely cluttered , and it is often necessary to summarise the detail ( using the interview analysis technique if [] ) and redraw them as the study progresses .

Five to ten sub-systems is accepted as the normal range , which can then be decomposed as required to show lower-order activities .
five to ten sub-systems is accepted as the normal range , which can then be decomposed as [] to show lower-order activities .

Without deriving a full root definition , modelling the activities required to undertake a particular process such as project planning , performing a task or set of tasks , developing ideas about new functions , and so on .
without deriving a full root definition , modelling the activities [] to undertake a particular process such as project planning , performing a task or set of tasks , developing ideas about new functions , and so on .

Another counterexample proposed by Stoyanov ( 1979 ) has proved to be incorrect as it does not satisfy the required boundary conditions ( see Section 10.2 ) .
another counterexample proposed by stoyanov ( 1979 ) has proved to be incorrect as it does not satisfy the [] boundary conditions ( see section 10.2 ) .

Equation ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated as in ( 6.24 ) to give ( 9.1 ) where and are arbitrary decreasing functions which , according to the appropriate boundary conditions ( 7.3 ) , are required to satisfy and .
equation ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated as in ( 6.24 ) to give ( 9.1 ) where and are arbitrary decreasing functions which , according to the appropriate boundary conditions ( 7.3 ) , are [] to satisfy and .

It may thus be concluded that , if the leading terms in the expansions for the functions f and g are given by ( 10.34 ) , then the boundary conditions that are required for the solution to describe colliding plane waves are satisfied if .
it may thus be concluded that , if the leading terms in the expansions for the functions f and g are given by ( 10.34 ) , then the boundary conditions that are [] for the solution to describe colliding plane waves are satisfied if .

This constraint is not required for colliding plane waves and an additional set of aperiodic solutions is given by ( 10.81 ) where and are modified Bessel functions of the first and second kinds of zero order .
this constraint is not [] for colliding plane waves and an additional set of aperiodic solutions is given by ( 10.81 ) where and are modified bessel functions of the first and second kinds of zero order .

It has already been shown that the new solution obtained using a Geroch transformation will automatically satisfy the required boundary conditions if these are satisfied by the initial solution .
it has already been shown that the new solution obtained using a geroch transformation will automatically satisfy the [] boundary conditions if these are satisfied by the initial solution .

It is assumed that the two approaching waves are both known , and it is required to find the exact solution which describes the interaction following the collision .
it is assumed that the two approaching waves are both known , and it is [] to find the exact solution which describes the interaction following the collision .

Generalized versions of Abel 's integral equation are required because f ' ( u ) and g ' ( v ) are zero on the boundaries and respectively .
generalized versions of abel 's integral equation are [] because f ' ( u ) and g ' ( v ) are zero on the boundaries and respectively .

It can be seen that these functions satisfy the required O'Brien-Synge boundary conditions .
it can be seen that these functions satisfy the [] o'brien-synge boundary conditions .

Other changes are also required to reverse the trend towards centralisation and authorities with more responsibility than power .
other changes are also [] to reverse the trend towards centralisation and authorities with more responsibility than power .

Customarily , the authority is only usually involved at the final stages when approval to go ahead is required .
customarily , the authority is only usually involved at the final stages when approval to go ahead is [] .

Whilst the home authority can plan and contract for the services it identifies as being required to meet the needs of its population , it is not clear who will decide which individuals will receive these services .
whilst the home authority can plan and contract for the services it identifies as being [] to meet the needs of its population , it is not clear who will decide which individuals will receive these services .

Firstly , there is the cost of the increased staff required just to work the proposed system .
firstly , there is the cost of the increased staff [] just to work the proposed system .

One solution would be for the district to allocate the resources to the locality for it to secure the services required .
one solution would be for the district to allocate the resources to the locality for it to secure the services [] .

From the 1987/88 financial year , Health Authorities have been required to produce  specialty costs  .
from the 1987/88 financial year , health authorities have been [] to produce  specialty costs  .

Here , part of the contracting process will be for the purchaser to make explicit decisions about the level of quality required .
here , part of the contracting process will be for the purchaser to make explicit decisions about the level of quality [] .

This should not only consider the costs of the drugs but the other medical care that is required .
this should not only consider the costs of the drugs but the other medical care that is [] .

Discussion : What monitoring arrangements are required to ensure efficiency ?
discussion : what monitoring arrangements are [] to ensure efficiency ?

Some early clinical directors might be considered  natural managers  but a more planned provision of training in aspects such as service planning and review , objective setting , information handling , financial and staff management is required to ensure a continuity of appropriate clinical directors .
some early clinical directors might be considered  natural managers  but a more planned provision of training in aspects such as service planning and review , objective setting , information handling , financial and staff management is [] to ensure a continuity of appropriate clinical directors .

Where a plaintiff had shown that he was the beneficiary of a trust , for example that some land should be conveyed to him , the judgment could be given in terms of performance : the trustee could be required to convey the land to him .
where a plaintiff had shown that he was the beneficiary of a trust , for example that some land should be conveyed to him , the judgment could be given in terms of performance : the trustee could be [] to convey the land to him .

Matters are different where the trustee is entitled to enjoyment of the property during his lifetime and required to make over the trust property only on his death .
matters are different where the trustee is entitled to enjoyment of the property during his lifetime and [] to make over the trust property only on his death .

After this he will be required to make it over to a family member , just as any heir who succeeded him from outside the family would be required to do .
after this he will be [] to make it over to a family member , just as any heir who succeeded him from outside the family would be [] to do .

If the land has been sold by the creditor , no execution in rem is made available , and the heir is required to pay only the price of the land to the beneficiary .
if the land has been sold by the creditor , no execution in rem is made available , and the heir is [] to pay only the price of the land to the beneficiary .

The solution devised by the jurists is discussed in more detail in the next chapter : they appealed to fides ; decided that in good faith payment of such a request was required ; and inspired the necessary procedural recognition of such requests .
the solution devised by the jurists is discussed in more detail in the next chapter : they appealed to fides ; decided that in good faith payment of such a request was [] ; and inspired the necessary procedural recognition of such requests .

If a testator has left a legacy of something belonging to him and has alienated it as a consequence of urgent necessity , the trust can be claimed unless it should be shown that the testator intended to adeem it : moreover proof of changed intention is to be required from the heirs .
if a testator has left a legacy of something belonging to him and has alienated it as a consequence of urgent necessity , the trust can be claimed unless it should be shown that the testator intended to adeem it : moreover proof of changed intention is to be [] from the heirs .

Vinyl required greater temperatures in the press , and the molten material flowed with much less viscosity .
vinyl [] greater temperatures in the press , and the molten material flowed with much less viscosity .

But music , with a wider frequency range than speech , required the cylinder to turn faster ( giving a shorter playing-time ) .
but music , with a wider frequency range than speech , [] the cylinder to turn faster ( giving a shorter playing-time ) .

Ask for the minimum of information required .
ask for the minimum of information [] .

The qualities required of interviewers will vary greatly according to the complexities of interview schedules used and also the degree of informality permitted in the interviews .
the qualities [] of interviewers will vary greatly according to the complexities of interview schedules used and also the degree of informality permitted in the interviews .

In the case of street interviews , where they may be working on  quota  samples ( so many people of certain sex , age and class categories chosen by the interviewer to fit into the required quota ) , the discretion allowed may be considerable .
in the case of street interviews , where they may be working on  quota  samples ( so many people of certain sex , age and class categories chosen by the interviewer to fit into the [] quota ) , the discretion allowed may be considerable .

What lengths do you go to , to perpetuate that deceit of the world and of yourself ? What effort is required to keep up the pretence ? It can eat up your very essence .
what lengths do you go to , to perpetuate that deceit of the world and of yourself ? what effort is [] to keep up the pretence ? it can eat up your very essence .

Equipment required :
equipment [] :

We have to accept the disciplines and the degree of awareness and honesty required .
we have to accept the disciplines and the degree of awareness and honesty [] .

In the parade , detailed knowledge of the day 's work was required , the raw material for the day 's duties .
in the parade , detailed knowledge of the day 's work was [] , the raw material for the day 's duties .

The Panopticon principle required an eventual acceptance of these justifications .
the panopticon principle [] an eventual acceptance of these justifications .

Survival , remaining relatively human , required that officers find some relief through scrounges .
survival , remaining relatively human , [] that officers find some relief through scrounges .

There was some street detritus which required more imagination than most .
there was some street detritus which [] more imagination than most .

The officer 's historical role as a street cleaner occasionally required a measure of dexterity and imagination .
the officer 's historical role as a street cleaner occasionally [] a measure of dexterity and imagination .

But further up the social scale , unrewarded deference was often required , often with the constable being treated as simply another flunkey in uniform , an attitude that might provoke a retaliatory reaction .
but further up the social scale , unrewarded deference was often [] , often with the constable being treated as simply another flunkey in uniform , an attitude that might provoke a retaliatory reaction .

Tap Enter once for each additional line space required ( there are 6 per inch )
tap enter once for each additional line space [] ( there are 6 per inch )

Before deleting a file make sure that it is no longer required .
before deleting a file make sure that it is no longer [] .

The quality of the printout required by you or your company dictates the type of printer to use .
the quality of the printout [] by you or your company dictates the type of printer to use .

Firms or individuals holding such personal data on living people are required to register with the Data Protection Registrar unless the information they hold is only involved in preparing the text of documents .
firms or individuals holding such personal data on living people are [] to register with the data protection registrar unless the information they hold is only involved in preparing the text of documents .

It  speaks for the new concepts required to create a better world structure  , and works  towards a spiritually-based civilisation  .
it  speaks for the new concepts [] to create a better world structure  , and works  towards a spiritually-based civilisation  .

My mother usually required something from one or other of the drapers .
my mother usually [] something from one or other of the drapers .

Tools such as bow saws , spokeshaves and routing planes required for jobs that electric equivalents do so much more easily now .
tools such as bow saws , spokeshaves and routing planes [] for jobs that electric equivalents do so much more easily now .

The assistant may also be required to initial the cheque and/or the till roll .
the assistant may also be [] to initial the cheque and/or the till roll .

When an agent telephones the company with an order , the computer operator is able to tell the agent very quickly whether the goods required are in stock .
when an agent telephones the company with an order , the computer operator is able to tell the agent very quickly whether the goods [] are in stock .

The quantities of goods required
the quantities of goods []

If , for example , the retailer required a supply of cards for Mother 's Day , they would be little use to him if they arrived afterwards .
if , for example , the retailer [] a supply of cards for mother 's day , they would be little use to him if they arrived afterwards .

The date by which goods are required
the date by which goods are []

Description of the item required
description of the item []

 He was told :  We try to keep the panelling for three years , to get it thoroughly seasoned while other wood is dried artificially if required before it has time to get seasoned  we use chiefly mahogany , oak and walnut , a vast amount of teak  one of the most useful woods in railway construction  sycamore ; yellow deal for partitions , roofs and floors ; elm we find of very little use , but we are now very partial to Padouk wood [ from South Australia ] , though the workmen do n't like it much on account of its toughness  .
 he was told :  we try to keep the panelling for three years , to get it thoroughly seasoned while other wood is dried artificially if [] before it has time to get seasoned  we use chiefly mahogany , oak and walnut , a vast amount of teak  one of the most useful woods in railway construction  sycamore ; yellow deal for partitions , roofs and floors ; elm we find of very little use , but we are now very partial to padouk wood [ from south australia ] , though the workmen do n't like it much on account of its toughness  .

Second only to the Royal Saloons of this time were the 57ft saloons de luxe , built for the accommodation of the Royal suite , when the King and Queen were travelling ; when they were not required for this purpose they could be hired .
second only to the royal saloons of this time were the 57ft saloons de luxe , built for the accommodation of the royal suite , when the king and queen were travelling ; when they were not [] for this purpose they could be hired .

At the east end , the springmakers work , and the machines required by them are installed in this part , together with an electric welding machine and various bolt and nut machines ; boiler-makers work on the south and west sides , and the forging presses are also laid down here while the north side is mainly occupied by drop hammers .
at the east end , the springmakers work , and the machines [] by them are installed in this part , together with an electric welding machine and various bolt and nut machines ; boiler-makers work on the south and west sides , and the forging presses are also laid down here while the north side is mainly occupied by drop hammers .

There are no less than 70 fires , including three crane fires for very heavy work , in daily use , and in addition , 15 oil furnaces are required for the drop hammers , forging presses , etc .
there are no less than 70 fires , including three crane fires for very heavy work , in daily use , and in addition , 15 oil furnaces are [] for the drop hammers , forging presses , etc .

1 receives mainly log timber and tree trunks , stored in the open until required , a big gantry spanning the yard .
1 receives mainly log timber and tree trunks , stored in the open until [] , a big gantry spanning the yard .

There are two bays , with three tracks in each , the centre line being used for moving bogies and wheels as required .
there are two bays , with three tracks in each , the centre line being used for moving bogies and wheels as [] .

At the end of August 1942 , the War Office in conjunction with the United States Army required , for overseas use , 27 trains .
at the end of august 1942 , the war office in conjunction with the united states army [] , for overseas use , 27 trains .

When these wagons arrived in the Underframe Shop they were unloaded at the required points or areas by hand-operated overhead travelling cranes in the ancillary bays , adjacent to the main workshop area .
when these wagons arrived in the underframe shop they were unloaded at the [] points or areas by hand-operated overhead travelling cranes in the ancillary bays , adjacent to the main workshop area .

The Foundries produced all the castings required , ie : the Iron Foundry , the axle-boxes , brake blocks etc ; the Brass Foundry , the bearings .
the foundries produced all the castings [] , ie : the iron foundry , the axle-boxes , brake blocks etc ; the brass foundry , the bearings .

Under the old system , it was possible , if a shortage of any one part occurred , to complete a large number of bodies up to the point at which this particular part was required , and even if the whole of the body shop floor eventually became taken up by partially built bodies , it was still possible to keep the body makers employed in splicing bottom sides and cantrails and fitting the pillars in position alongside the partially erected bodies .
under the old system , it was possible , if a shortage of any one part occurred , to complete a large number of bodies up to the point at which this particular part was [] , and even if the whole of the body shop floor eventually became taken up by partially built bodies , it was still possible to keep the body makers employed in splicing bottom sides and cantrails and fitting the pillars in position alongside the partially erected bodies .

Here they were steam tested and carriage heaters changed as required and main pipe leaks marked up for attention as the vehicle passed through the lifting shop .
here they were steam tested and carriage heaters changed as [] and main pipe leaks marked up for attention as the vehicle passed through the lifting shop .

Also as the name implies , all bodywork , roofs , gangways , roof tanks were marked up for repair as required and wheel wear and tyre thickness noted .
also as the name implies , all bodywork , roofs , gangways , roof tanks were marked up for repair as [] and wheel wear and tyre thickness noted .

One gang , which consisted of four coachmakers and two labourers , prepared and placed all timber , panels and other materials on the spot where it was required , and no man who was engaged on actual repairs was required to leave the job to look up any material .
one gang , which consisted of four coachmakers and two labourers , prepared and placed all timber , panels and other materials on the spot where it was [] , and no man who was engaged on actual repairs was [] to leave the job to look up any material .

This process was only used if the wheel press broke down , or if an odd or non-standard wheel required tyring .
this process was only used if the wheel press broke down , or if an odd or non-standard wheel [] tyring .

In May 1890 , the minutes state that  the old Saloon Shed having been pulled down to make room for the new Paint Shop , a shed is required for the three shunt engines  .
in may 1890 , the minutes state that  the old saloon shed having been pulled down to make room for the new paint shop , a shed is [] for the three shunt engines  .

The Factories ( Canteens ) Order No 1993 of 1940 required provision of suitable canteens where hot meals could be purchased in factories where more than 250 persons were employed on Government Work .
the factories ( canteens ) order no 1993 of 1940 [] provision of suitable canteens where hot meals could be purchased in factories where more than 250 persons were employed on government work .

Cec was a clever , goalscoring inside or centre-forward although , as his career records show , he took some time to come to terms with the standard required in Division Two of the Football League .
cec was a clever , goalscoring inside or centre-forward although , as his career records show , he took some time to come to terms with the standard [] in division two of the football league .

The shoulder charge was commonplace and the buffeting he received required him to be strong and brave .
the shoulder charge was commonplace and the buffeting he received [] him to be strong and brave .

As the situation required , David would play almost anywhere  he actually wore eight different numbered shirts for us in four seasons in the 1st Division  and rarely , if ever , even in such illustrious company was he outshone .
as the situation [] , david would play almost anywhere  he actually wore eight different numbered shirts for us in four seasons in the 1st division  and rarely , if ever , even in such illustrious company was he outshone .

He usually appeared at centre-half but , when the management or playing policy required it , he could and did produce constructive , driving performances in both the wing-half berths .
he usually appeared at centre-half but , when the management or playing policy [] it , he could and did produce constructive , driving performances in both the wing-half berths .

 while it is a fact that presently desks are usually moveable , thereby permitting various kinds of grouping arrangements , this flexibility is not often required by what actually goes on in the classroom .
 while it is a fact that presently desks are usually moveable , thereby permitting various kinds of grouping arrangements , this flexibility is not often [] by what actually goes on in the classroom .

If you do not so trust them , then correspondingly elaborate testing procedures are required to monitor their impact and effectiveness .
if you do not so trust them , then correspondingly elaborate testing procedures are [] to monitor their impact and effectiveness .

Should the Secretary of State decide not to give effect to any of the recommendations he has received from the Council , he is required to publish a statement explaining his reasons .
should the secretary of state decide not to give effect to any of the recommendations he has received from the council , he is [] to publish a statement explaining his reasons .

The danger is that this disparity will be enshrined in the formulas for distributing funds that local authorities are adopting as required by the 1988 Act .
the danger is that this disparity will be enshrined in the formulas for distributing funds that local authorities are adopting as [] by the 1988 act .

Put another way , each teacher is required to monitor and record for each child , within the primary sector , progress under the attainment targets in maths , science , English and technology alone , no less than 497 separate differentiated statements of attainment for each child .
put another way , each teacher is [] to monitor and record for each child , within the primary sector , progress under the attainment targets in maths , science , english and technology alone , no less than 497 separate differentiated statements of attainment for each child .

Key decisions , for example , are required from the first as to whether the best approach is :
key decisions , for example , are [] from the first as to whether the best approach is :

If Midland Life is required to make any payment under the Policyholders ' Protection Act 1975 ( or any enactment amending or replacing the same or of a similar nature ) or if there is any change in the law or Inland Revenue practice affecting a Guaranteed Capital Bond the benefits provided by such a Bond may be varied by Midland Life in such manner as the Midland Life Actuary considers appropriate .
if midland life is [] to make any payment under the policyholders ' protection act 1975 ( or any enactment amending or replacing the same or of a similar nature ) or if there is any change in the law or inland revenue practice affecting a guaranteed capital bond the benefits provided by such a bond may be varied by midland life in such manner as the midland life actuary considers appropriate .

Whereas our grandparents and , perhaps , even our parents frowned upon buying anything unless they had saved all the money required , today we expect to own the luxuries of life now and are prepared to bridge the gap between our savings and the price with a loan .
whereas our grandparents and , perhaps , even our parents frowned upon buying anything unless they had saved all the money [] , today we expect to own the luxuries of life now and are prepared to bridge the gap between our savings and the price with a loan .

As regards Vial 's personality , Bracy Clark noted that he was polite and easy in his manners , and often a stickler for etiquette and punctilio , believing , reasonably enough , that his office as Professor of the College required it .
as regards vial 's personality , bracy clark noted that he was polite and easy in his manners , and often a stickler for etiquette and punctilio , believing , reasonably enough , that his office as professor of the college [] it .

 Being quit of this obstruction , we were soon on the Bridge  We learned , however , that highway robberies in past days were very common in the district of both Camden and Kentish Town ; and on more than one occasion we had heard Professor Sewell state that a Hampstead stage coach  was stopped and the passengers robbed near to St Pancras Church  With further reference to the Toll-gate , it may be stated that the general traffic on the road , even in 18289 , was but little , and that scarcely on any occasion was the Keeper required to sit up late .
 being quit of this obstruction , we were soon on the bridge  we learned , however , that highway robberies in past days were very common in the district of both camden and kentish town ; and on more than one occasion we had heard professor sewell state that a hampstead stage coach  was stopped and the passengers robbed near to st pancras church  with further reference to the toll-gate , it may be stated that the general traffic on the road , even in 18289 , was but little , and that scarcely on any occasion was the keeper [] to sit up late .

Students spent a lot of time travelling ( walking and even running ) from one lecture to another in various parts of London , and it was increasingly demanded that they should find within the walls of the College all that they required , or that they should at least pay a fee that would entitle them as of right , rather than for charity 's sake , to enter medical lectures .
students spent a lot of time travelling ( walking and even running ) from one lecture to another in various parts of london , and it was increasingly demanded that they should find within the walls of the college all that they [] , or that they should at least pay a fee that would entitle them as of right , rather than for charity 's sake , to enter medical lectures .

The College has been much criticised for failing to produce more than one volume of the Transactions that were required annually by the original constitution .
the college has been much criticised for failing to produce more than one volume of the transactions that were [] annually by the original constitution .

Students might be required , for example , to sketch the layout of the kitchen , noting the position of fire-extinguishers and emergency exits , they might be asked to note the pattern of use in the restaurant ; which are peak hours ; what sort of music is played ; what arrangements are made for smokers ; what is the cleaning cycle for bedrooms and corridors ; what sort of internal accounting system is used  the list could go on , but all are investigative tasks which need the help of hotel staff and which , if properly recorded can be assessed .
students might be [] , for example , to sketch the layout of the kitchen , noting the position of fire-extinguishers and emergency exits , they might be asked to note the pattern of use in the restaurant ; which are peak hours ; what sort of music is played ; what arrangements are made for smokers ; what is the cleaning cycle for bedrooms and corridors ; what sort of internal accounting system is used  the list could go on , but all are investigative tasks which need the help of hotel staff and which , if properly recorded can be assessed .

Alongside tests of observation , students would be required to work at different sections in the kitchen : sauce-making ; larder-work ; vegetable-preparation , etc .
alongside tests of observation , students would be [] to work at different sections in the kitchen : sauce-making ; larder-work ; vegetable-preparation , etc .

The Education Reform Act required college governing bodies to be dominated by employer interests , and it is normally a requirement that at least 50 % of the attendance at any governing body meeting should be from the employer sector .
the education reform act [] college governing bodies to be dominated by employer interests , and it is normally a requirement that at least 50 % of the attendance at any governing body meeting should be from the employer sector .

When the idea of a school-industry partnership was first mooted a fundamental question required answering before time and resource could be committed to its development .
when the idea of a school-industry partnership was first mooted a fundamental question [] answering before time and resource could be committed to its development .

It is interesting that the Governors in their 199192 budget have created a sum of money for staff release of the secondment type , in anticipation of the curriculum planning required in school as the Local Education Authority proposal to change the age of transfer from 12+ to 11+ is expected to materialise September 1992 .
it is interesting that the governors in their 199192 budget have created a sum of money for staff release of the secondment type , in anticipation of the curriculum planning [] in school as the local education authority proposal to change the age of transfer from 12+ to 11+ is expected to materialise september 1992 .

They have been required to :
they have been [] to :

In addition the teacher placement organiser is seen as part of the partnership  team  and therefore expected to become involved in partnership activities as and when required .
in addition the teacher placement organiser is seen as part of the partnership  team  and therefore expected to become involved in partnership activities as and when [] .

Different attitudes are required , capable of rising above and not being muddled by the pressing detail of daily affairs , bringing broad experience and greater discrimination to bear on planning and development issues .
different attitudes are [] , capable of rising above and not being muddled by the pressing detail of daily affairs , bringing broad experience and greater discrimination to bear on planning and development issues .

Schools are being required to take on more and more of the full range of business functions .
schools are being [] to take on more and more of the full range of business functions .

( ii ) Where Planning Permission is Required
( ii ) where planning permission is []

 Any person who on any premises  as aforesaid , carries on an offensive trade without such consent , if any , as at the date of establishment of the trade was required by subsection ( 1 ) of this section  shall be liable for a fine not exceeding 5 for every day on which he carried on the trade  after receiving notice from the local authority to discontinue the trade  .
 any person who on any premises  as aforesaid , carries on an offensive trade without such consent , if any , as at the date of establishment of the trade was [] by subsection ( 1 ) of this section  shall be liable for a fine not exceeding 5 for every day on which he carried on the trade  after receiving notice from the local authority to discontinue the trade  .

At no time was the company informed that the establishment of the trades in question required consent in writing .
at no time was the company informed that the establishment of the trades in question [] consent in writing .

Many odour problems arise in connection with processes which are required by s.9 ( 1 ) of the 1906 Act to be registered annually with the Director General of the Health and Safety Executive .
many odour problems arise in connection with processes which are [] by s.9 ( 1 ) of the 1906 act to be registered annually with the director general of the health and safety executive .

If the odour persists after best practicable means have been taken and in the opinion of the local authority environmental health department it amounts to a statutory nuisance within s.92 ( 1 ) of the Public Health Act 1936 , then permission would have to be sought from the Secretary of State for the Environment as required by s.92 ( 2 ) of that Act , before the local authority could institute summary proceedings under the nuisance provisions of the Public Health Act 1936 .
if the odour persists after best practicable means have been taken and in the opinion of the local authority environmental health department it amounts to a statutory nuisance within s.92 ( 1 ) of the public health act 1936 , then permission would have to be sought from the secretary of state for the environment as [] by s.92 ( 2 ) of that act , before the local authority could institute summary proceedings under the nuisance provisions of the public health act 1936 .

Following the Health and Safety ( Emissions into the Atmosphere ) Regulations 1983 , referred to earlier it is expected that local authorities will take over the responsibility for prosecuting persons for such offences , as Regulation 7 repeals s.78 ( 3 ) of the 1974 Act which had required proceedings to be instituted by an inspector appointed under s. 19 of the Health and Safety at Work , etc .
following the health and safety ( emissions into the atmosphere ) regulations 1983 , referred to earlier it is expected that local authorities will take over the responsibility for prosecuting persons for such offences , as regulation 7 repeals s.78 ( 3 ) of the 1974 act which had [] proceedings to be instituted by an inspector appointed under s. 19 of the health and safety at work , etc .

Inform your neighbours ; notify the local fire brigade if required by a local byelaw .
inform your neighbours ; notify the local fire brigade if [] by a local byelaw .

The owner of premises to be used for this purpose is required to obtain a  disposal licence  under section 5 ( 1 ) of that Act to either commence , or if disposal was already being carried out before the Act came into force , to continue operations .
the owner of premises to be used for this purpose is [] to obtain a  disposal licence  under section 5 ( 1 ) of that act to either commence , or if disposal was already being carried out before the act came into force , to continue operations .

It is in fact the duty of the disposal authority not to reject the application unless planning permission is still required for the use of the site , for the purpose of preventing pollution of water or danger to public health .
it is in fact the duty of the disposal authority not to reject the application unless planning permission is still [] for the use of the site , for the purpose of preventing pollution of water or danger to public health .

Local planning authorities ( county councils in this case ) are required by s.7(3) ( a ) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 to include in their structure plans ,  measures for the improvement of the physical environment  , whilst s.11(3) ( a ) of the above Act , a less demanding provision , states that they , ( usually district councils in this case ) shall include in a local plan such measures as the authority thinks fit for the improvement of the physical environment .
local planning authorities ( county councils in this case ) are [] by s.7(3) ( a ) of the town and country planning act 1971 to include in their structure plans ,  measures for the improvement of the physical environment  , whilst s.11(3) ( a ) of the above act , a less demanding provision , states that they , ( usually district councils in this case ) shall include in a local plan such measures as the authority thinks fit for the improvement of the physical environment .

Planning permission is required in respect of all  development  that term being defined in s.22(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 , as  the carrying out of any building , engineering , mining or other operations in , on , over or under land , or the making of any material change of use of any buildings on land  , as qualified by s.290(1) of that Act .
planning permission is [] in respect of all  development  that term being defined in s.22(1) of the town and country planning act 1971 , as  the carrying out of any building , engineering , mining or other operations in , on , over or under land , or the making of any material change of use of any buildings on land  , as qualified by s.290(1) of that act .

When determining planning applications planning authorities are required to have regard to structure and local plans .
when determining planning applications planning authorities are [] to have regard to structure and local plans .

Whilst in general planning permission is required for all development , certain uses falling within a class specified in an Order made by the Secretary of State may be undertaken without the need for planning permission .
whilst in general planning permission is [] for all development , certain uses falling within a class specified in an order made by the secretary of state may be undertaken without the need for planning permission .

Often the types of process in one class are very wide , consequently changing from one use to another can lead to odour nuisance yet no planning permission is required unless a condition had been attached at the time of the original planning permission prohibiting a change of use even within the same use class .
often the types of process in one class are very wide , consequently changing from one use to another can lead to odour nuisance yet no planning permission is [] unless a condition had been attached at the time of the original planning permission prohibiting a change of use even within the same use class .

If the intensification of use could be regarded as a material change of use , then planning permission would be required thus enabling any odour emission to be controlled by planning legislation .
if the intensification of use could be regarded as a material change of use , then planning permission would be [] thus enabling any odour emission to be controlled by planning legislation .

Moreover , good housekeeping and husbandry practices in respect of storing , transporting and handling materials which are or may become odorous must not be overlooked in any type of trade or industry , whether or not additional odour abatement methods are required .
moreover , good housekeeping and husbandry practices in respect of storing , transporting and handling materials which are or may become odorous must not be overlooked in any type of trade or industry , whether or not additional odour abatement methods are [] .

Siting the chimney , for which planning permission will be required , is still all important for it to be effective , as the release of pollutants into the atmosphere depends to some extent on the topography of the site .
siting the chimney , for which planning permission will be [] , is still all important for it to be effective , as the release of pollutants into the atmosphere depends to some extent on the topography of the site .

It seems possible that the occurrence of both in they both and related expressions might serve to reinforce the plural grouping which is required by the presence of the pronoun alone .
it seems possible that the occurrence of both in they both and related expressions might serve to reinforce the plural grouping which is [] by the presence of the pronoun alone .

However , in terms of formulating what happens next ( as required by a continuation study ) , the constraint is soft in that it only raises both the probability of the two characters playing the same role in an elaborated representation .
however , in terms of formulating what happens next ( as [] by a continuation study ) , the constraint is soft in that it only raises both the probability of the two characters playing the same role in an elaborated representation .

The interpretation of these posters , at least on first reading , required a certain amount of problem solving activity .
the interpretation of these posters , at least on first reading , [] a certain amount of problem solving activity .

Using similar sentences , Garnham & Oakhill ( 1985 ) found an effect of gender cue on reading times , but under conditions in which it was much clearer that name mapping was crucial  every sentence contained a pronoun and each one was followed by a question that required role-to-name mapping for its answer .
using similar sentences , garnham & oakhill ( 1985 ) found an effect of gender cue on reading times , but under conditions in which it was much clearer that name mapping was crucial  every sentence contained a pronoun and each one was followed by a question that [] role-to-name mapping for its answer .

The because clauses that required the more complex inferences were , in general , longer than those that required simple inferences , so the combined reading and judgement times were longer overall for these sentences .
the because clauses that [] the more complex inferences were , in general , longer than those that [] simple inferences , so the combined reading and judgement times were longer overall for these sentences .

More interestingly , the effects of gender cue and congruity were reduced when more complex inferences were required .
more interestingly , the effects of gender cue and congruity were reduced when more complex inferences were [] .

It is argued that a flexible control structure based on numerical scoring allows the required co-operation to take place , whereas a more limited depth-first architecture seems not to allow this .
it is argued that a flexible control structure based on numerical scoring allows the [] co-operation to take place , whereas a more limited depth-first architecture seems not to allow this .

Sidner ( 1979a ) refers to the inference required to approve or reject a single candidate as  normal  mode inference , and to that required to select between several candidates as  special mode  .
sidner ( 1979a ) refers to the inference [] to approve or reject a single candidate as  normal  mode inference , and to that [] to select between several candidates as  special mode  .

In this case , to model human institutions , a strong focusing preference of wine over table ( or , more generally , of theme over optional sentence participants ) seems to be required .
in this case , to model human institutions , a strong focusing preference of wine over table ( or , more generally , of theme over optional sentence participants ) seems to be [] .

The skills acquired from rigid planning are different in degree but not in kind from the skills required for flexible planning .
the skills acquired from rigid planning are different in degree but not in kind from the skills [] for flexible planning .

Since an investment of time and effort is required it is important to be sure that it will all be worthwhile .
since an investment of time and effort is [] it is important to be sure that it will all be worthwhile .

Managers , for example , often assume they have all the relevant information required to conduct an adequate assessment of the need for change .
managers , for example , often assume they have all the relevant information [] to conduct an adequate assessment of the need for change .

be able to deliver the required mix of behaviours .
be able to deliver the [] mix of behaviours .

The old system , with its urban district councils , rural district councils , municipal boroughs , county boroughs , the London County Council and other County Councils ( the  shire  counties ) , was perceived as ramshackle and illogical : incapable of efficiently delivering the services required by a welfare state in the modern age .
the old system , with its urban district councils , rural district councils , municipal boroughs , county boroughs , the london county council and other county councils ( the  shire  counties ) , was perceived as ramshackle and illogical : incapable of efficiently delivering the services [] by a welfare state in the modern age .

Instead , some institutionalized system of representation may be required , with some similarities to the  corporate bias  identified by Middlemas ( 1979 ) at national level , and discussed in Chapter 2 .
instead , some institutionalized system of representation may be [] , with some similarities to the  corporate bias  identified by middlemas ( 1979 ) at national level , and discussed in chapter 2 .

At first , this largely involved the search for loop-holes in central government legislation : if , for example , the rules suggested that future grant depended on spending in a particular year , then it was possible with little difficulty to prepare the accounts to show that spending had been higher or lower that year ( whichever was the required answer ) , More important , perhaps , as time went on , it become common for councils and their treasurers to seek new sources of funding which were not covered by the rules or were covered by different rules .
at first , this largely involved the search for loop-holes in central government legislation : if , for example , the rules suggested that future grant depended on spending in a particular year , then it was possible with little difficulty to prepare the accounts to show that spending had been higher or lower that year ( whichever was the [] answer ) , more important , perhaps , as time went on , it become common for councils and their treasurers to seek new sources of funding which were not covered by the rules or were covered by different rules .

At precisely the same moment at which central government concerns to reduce spending on the welfare state became dominant , it became more difficult to ensure that local authorities would do what was required .
at precisely the same moment at which central government concerns to reduce spending on the welfare state became dominant , it became more difficult to ensure that local authorities would do what was [] .

the staff development required to do the above ;
the staff development [] to do the above ;

An aggressively commercial approach was required not only to solve some short-term problems but to provide a record of profit that would possibly be attractive for future tender .
an aggressively commercial approach was [] not only to solve some short-term problems but to provide a record of profit that would possibly be attractive for future tender .

This will be particularly important when recruiting for the new and necessary organisational structures which will be required to address the changed requirements now established by the Education Reform Act 1988 .
this will be particularly important when recruiting for the new and necessary organisational structures which will be [] to address the changed requirements now established by the education reform act 1988 .

It may well be in this mis-match of experience that the first seeds of misunderstanding and destructive tension are sown , particularly as the education officer is often perceived as  the authority  , in several senses of the word , while the head has a greater knowledge of the processes of education required in school to meet the needs of the children .
it may well be in this mis-match of experience that the first seeds of misunderstanding and destructive tension are sown , particularly as the education officer is often perceived as  the authority  , in several senses of the word , while the head has a greater knowledge of the processes of education [] in school to meet the needs of the children .

However , a realisation of the required changes is perhaps the biggest hurdle to overcome particularly when faced with the considerable barrage of recent legislation and the tight time-scale in which it has had to be implemented .
however , a realisation of the [] changes is perhaps the biggest hurdle to overcome particularly when faced with the considerable barrage of recent legislation and the tight time-scale in which it has had to be implemented .

As is the case in schools , the hardest task is to identify which past actions are no longer required .
as is the case in schools , the hardest task is to identify which past actions are no longer [] .

The Solihull scheme allowed for 91 per cent of the education budget to be delegated , more than the amount required by the Education Reform Act .
the solihull scheme allowed for 91 per cent of the education budget to be delegated , more than the amount [] by the education reform act .

German legislation prohibited the import of  Cassis de Dijon  , a liqueur based on blackcurrant , as it required fruit liqueurs to have a minimum alcohol content of 25 % .
german legislation prohibited the import of  cassis de dijon  , a liqueur based on blackcurrant , as it [] fruit liqueurs to have a minimum alcohol content of 25 % .

The Treaty of Rome has given the Commission the power to take member states to the European Court of Justice for not implementing directives within the required timetable .
the treaty of rome has given the commission the power to take member states to the european court of justice for not implementing directives within the [] timetable .

Suppose that national rules of a member state required that the sales managers of all companies marketing products in that state had the appropriate certificate of competence awarded by business schools in that state .
suppose that national rules of a member state [] that the sales managers of all companies marketing products in that state had the appropriate certificate of competence awarded by business schools in that state .

The former , however , may not be required to comply with all the requirements of local law where this would place unreasonable burdens on a company from another member state and where the public interest is adequately safeguarded in the member state of establishment .
the former , however , may not be [] to comply with all the requirements of local law where this would place unreasonable burdens on a company from another member state and where the public interest is adequately safeguarded in the member state of establishment .

199207 , the European Court has condemned rules imposed by a number of member states which required insurance undertakings to do business in those states through persons established in those states .
199207 , the european court has condemned rules imposed by a number of member states which [] insurance undertakings to do business in those states through persons established in those states .

For example , a condition of official listing on the stock exchange of any member state is that disclosure is made of certain matters required by Community law ( see pp .
for example , a condition of official listing on the stock exchange of any member state is that disclosure is made of certain matters [] by community law ( see pp .

However , host member state authorisation is still required in the insurance sector pending adoption of the proposed Third Life and Third Non-Life Directive .
however , host member state authorisation is still [] in the insurance sector pending adoption of the proposed third life and third non-life directive .

The supervisory board would have a  watchdog  role , with power to convene a general meeting if it thought it appropriate ; in addition , a company 's articles could provide that certain major actions of the management board required the supervisory board 's consent .
the supervisory board would have a  watchdog  role , with power to convene a general meeting if it thought it appropriate ; in addition , a company 's articles could provide that certain major actions of the management board [] the supervisory board 's consent .

Similar disclosure requirements will apply to non-EC companies but in their case these are minima only and other accounts can also be required , seemingly even those relating to the branch .
similar disclosure requirements will apply to non-ec companies but in their case these are minima only and other accounts can also be [] , seemingly even those relating to the branch .

Unless the contract otherwise provides ( which , in relation to some fundamental matters , it may not ) , unanimity is required on a number of defined key decisions , e.g .
unless the contract otherwise provides ( which , in relation to some fundamental matters , it may not ) , unanimity is [] on a number of defined key decisions , e.g .

If the Commission finds , after examining the aid , that it is not compatible with the Treaty , the national authorities may be required by the Commission to recover the money from the beneficiary companies .
if the commission finds , after examining the aid , that it is not compatible with the treaty , the national authorities may be [] by the commission to recover the money from the beneficiary companies .

The Commission 's proposed interim measures took the form of requiring bidders not to purchase jointly or separately further shares in Irish Distillers unless the purchase was conditional on a favourable Commission decision under Article 85 ; the bidders were also required to refrain from exercising the votes attached to the shares already acquired .
the commission 's proposed interim measures took the form of requiring bidders not to purchase jointly or separately further shares in irish distillers unless the purchase was conditional on a favourable commission decision under article 85 ; the bidders were also [] to refrain from exercising the votes attached to the shares already acquired .

It has long been recognised that the Commission has required its own independent powers to review and , if necessary , prohibit those takeovers which may impede or distort competition in the single market .
it has long been recognised that the commission has [] its own independent powers to review and , if necessary , prohibit those takeovers which may impede or distort competition in the single market .

The supervisory authority is not able to grant an exemption from the information required , but may do so in respect of additional information that it has requested .
the supervisory authority is not able to grant an exemption from the information [] , but may do so in respect of additional information that it has requested .

Furthermore , a shareholders ' agreement required a majority of 75 % for many important matters which allowed the 20 % shareholder ( with its 26 % of voting rights ) a veto over most major decisions .
furthermore , a shareholders ' agreement [] a majority of 75 % for many important matters which allowed the 20 % shareholder ( with its 26 % of voting rights ) a veto over most major decisions .

As the amount and detail of material required in a notification is complex , it is advisable that a notification be commenced well in advance .
as the amount and detail of material [] in a notification is complex , it is advisable that a notification be commenced well in advance .

Every type of food is readily available and preparation and cooking have never been easier ; and if he can not spare the time , convenience foods reduce the time required for shopping and preparation to the bare minimum .
every type of food is readily available and preparation and cooking have never been easier ; and if he can not spare the time , convenience foods reduce the time [] for shopping and preparation to the bare minimum .

It means taking into account our current eating habits and including in our diet the necessary changes that are required to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
it means taking into account our current eating habits and including in our diet the necessary changes that are [] to maintain a healthy lifestyle .

Our bodies already use the muscles required to walk , so it is simply a question of increasing the duration and then the intensity of our walking in order to build up to the fitness level that we require .
our bodies already use the muscles [] to walk , so it is simply a question of increasing the duration and then the intensity of our walking in order to build up to the fitness level that we require .

Simply halve or multiply quantities as required .
simply halve or multiply quantities as [] .

After Christmas he had wanted to arrange for the marriage to take place straight away , before he could change his mind , but it was difficult to fit it in with his new duties as a Governor of the Foundling Hospital which required him to spend one day a week in town .
after christmas he had wanted to arrange for the marriage to take place straight away , before he could change his mind , but it was difficult to fit it in with his new duties as a governor of the foundling hospital which [] him to spend one day a week in town .

Nahum was content to let his wife do the local visiting , and reports on the children 's welfare came regularly from the inspector , so there was little required of him in Chertsey .
nahum was content to let his wife do the local visiting , and reports on the children 's welfare came regularly from the inspector , so there was little [] of him in chertsey .

 What to do ?  This involves a criticality assessment of the problem as well , to decide if actions/measures are required immediately or they can be deferred .
 what to do ?  this involves a criticality assessment of the problem as well , to decide if actions/measures are [] immediately or they can be deferred .

 How to do it ?  This required rapid access to large amounts of technical documentation and/or maintenance procedures .
 how to do it ?  this [] rapid access to large amounts of technical documentation and/or maintenance procedures .

Expert systems can solve complex problems which previously required the aid of a human expert with years of experience .
expert systems can solve complex problems which previously [] the aid of a human expert with years of experience .

During such time-constrained investigations rapid assessment is required of the impact of proposed maintenance actions .
during such time-constrained investigations rapid assessment is [] of the impact of proposed maintenance actions .

Certainty is required as to the relative merits of one diagnostic approach versus another .
certainty is [] as to the relative merits of one diagnostic approach versus another .

The balance of required diagnostic skills and experience within the engineering community is constantly changing due to staff retirement and losses to competitors .
the balance of [] diagnostic skills and experience within the engineering community is constantly changing due to staff retirement and losses to competitors .

It is evident that better support to system and component failure diagnosis is currently required if problems of this nature are to be mitigated .
it is evident that better support to system and component failure diagnosis is currently [] if problems of this nature are to be mitigated .

During early system evaluation it was found that experts much preferred a simple direct dialogue style that presented basic diagnostic information such as test point values and component values , whereas the inexperienced required more directed problem analysis and advice .
during early system evaluation it was found that experts much preferred a simple direct dialogue style that presented basic diagnostic information such as test point values and component values , whereas the inexperienced [] more directed problem analysis and advice .

Substantial investment is required in order to maintain aircraft in an airworthy condition .
substantial investment is [] in order to maintain aircraft in an airworthy condition .

Such personnel are already in short supply and therefore efficient and cost effective training methods are required .
such personnel are already in short supply and therefore efficient and cost effective training methods are [] .

After a week , Loppe handed the task back to Galiot , mentioning that business required him in Kouklia .
after a week , loppe handed the task back to galiot , mentioning that business [] him in kouklia .

He was not often given to anger , which required more energy than he had to spare , but two years without life 's bounty , all for a small matter of dealing drugs to his friends , seemed little short of scandalous .
he was not often given to anger , which [] more energy than he had to spare , but two years without life 's bounty , all for a small matter of dealing drugs to his friends , seemed little short of scandalous .

 Naturally , if there are legal proceeds , you may be required to testify as a witness here , or even in a court of law .
 naturally , if there are legal proceeds , you may be [] to testify as a witness here , or even in a court of law .

The personal column of The Times once carried the following advertisement ,  Statue required , size approximately four-feet-seven-inches to five feet , reproduction of Michelangelo 's David , without fig leaf . 
the personal column of the times once carried the following advertisement ,  statue [] , size approximately four-feet-seven-inches to five feet , reproduction of michelangelo 's david , without fig leaf . 

In 1930 the moral majority ( not that it knew itself by that name in those days ) hit back against what it saw as the growing licentiousness and depravity of the movie industry and introduced a production code that all film producers would be required to adhere to .
in 1930 the moral majority ( not that it knew itself by that name in those days ) hit back against what it saw as the growing licentiousness and depravity of the movie industry and introduced a production code that all film producers would be [] to adhere to .

Over a period of twenty years the British Medical Journal recorded several cases that required hospital treatment .
over a period of twenty years the british medical journal recorded several cases that [] hospital treatment .

Later they move to a lateral position , with the woman applying squeeze control when required .
later they move to a lateral position , with the woman applying squeeze control when [] .

Will be required to jump a course of rustic jumps ( usually 2 9 to 3 3 for horses , 2 6 to 3 for ponies ) .
will be [] to jump a course of rustic jumps ( usually 2 9 to 3 3 for horses , 2 6 to 3 for ponies ) .

Generally , a snaffle will be required for family horse , riding club horse and novice riding .
generally , a snaffle will be [] for family horse , riding club horse and novice riding .

The deep breaths required to reach the high notes relax the rider , too .
the deep breaths [] to reach the high notes relax the rider , too .

Amount and type of food required by the pregnant mare vary with age and size .
amount and type of food [] by the pregnant mare vary with age and size .

( Available on request in advance and in English only . Please note that a minimum of 24 notice is required )
( available on request in advance and in english only . please note that a minimum of 24 notice is [] )

Visitors please note no admission fees is required for entry to the gift shop alone , which is open all year round .
visitors please note no admission fees is [] for entry to the gift shop alone , which is open all year round .

She sold her silver and plate , but the proceeds fell short of what was required .
she sold her silver and plate , but the proceeds fell short of what was [] .

The director of each society was required to submit its rules for approval to Mr Tidd Pratt the barrister who certified Saving Banks regulations , and afterwards to have them approved by the magistrates at quarter sessions .
the director of each society was [] to submit its rules for approval to mr tidd pratt the barrister who certified saving banks regulations , and afterwards to have them approved by the magistrates at quarter sessions .

When a borrower was systematically unable to meet commitments by the required date he became insolvent , the final stage when all his remaining assets were repossessed .
when a borrower was systematically unable to meet commitments by the [] date he became insolvent , the final stage when all his remaining assets were repossessed .

The applicant had to sign agreement to a statement that confirmed he or she was not less than eighteen years of age , and they understood that the bank reserved the right to decline the application without being required to state any reason , and that no correspondence would be entered into in those circumstances .
the applicant had to sign agreement to a statement that confirmed he or she was not less than eighteen years of age , and they understood that the bank reserved the right to decline the application without being [] to state any reason , and that no correspondence would be entered into in those circumstances .

Mistakes of that sort apart , it would seem that , as had always been the case , some sort of checking system was needed to give lenders the required degree of confidence to carry on , and that the more thorough and  scientific  it was the better for both borrower and lender , the more effectively it reduced the incidence of overindebtedness , and saved borrowers from overstretching themselves and indulging in mad bouts of impulsive buying .
mistakes of that sort apart , it would seem that , as had always been the case , some sort of checking system was needed to give lenders the [] degree of confidence to carry on , and that the more thorough and  scientific  it was the better for both borrower and lender , the more effectively it reduced the incidence of overindebtedness , and saved borrowers from overstretching themselves and indulging in mad bouts of impulsive buying .

The sustained discipline required to keep accounts was boringly time-consuming and beyond the capabilities of most .
the sustained discipline [] to keep accounts was boringly time-consuming and beyond the capabilities of most .

The traditional date for the raising was Whit Tuesday but because so many men are required to help , the date was changed to the new fixed Spring Bank Holiday when this replaced the moveable feast of Whitsuntide .
the traditional date for the raising was whit tuesday but because so many men are [] to help , the date was changed to the new fixed spring bank holiday when this replaced the moveable feast of whitsuntide .

The petalling usually starts on the Thursday afternoon previous to the Saturday it is required .
the petalling usually starts on the thursday afternoon previous to the saturday it is [] .

Right-handed batsmen were required to play left-handed and vice versa .
right-handed batsmen were [] to play left-handed and vice versa .

The secretary of the academy , Peter Brown , said that split firsts are required as more students with firsts apply to stay on and do post-graduate work .
the secretary of the academy , peter brown , said that split firsts are [] as more students with firsts apply to stay on and do post-graduate work .

Often students with babies or young children are not able to pay the full cost of a place at a crche , so usually alternative funding is required .
often students with babies or young children are not able to pay the full cost of a place at a crche , so usually alternative funding is [] .

 We are n't breeding machines , to be phased out when no more breeding is required .
 we are n't breeding machines , to be phased out when no more breeding is [] .

Fill in the details as required on the order form , and send it , with a deposit of 10 to the address shown .
fill in the details as [] on the order form , and send it , with a deposit of 10 to the address shown .

Banns are no longer legally required .
banns are no longer legally [] .

However , if in addition to the sole accounts you operate a joint a joint current or savings account with the same bank or building society , you should check from the outset whether the terms and conditions include a right of set off , whereby funds on these accounts may be required to repay the debt on others held by you or your partner .
however , if in addition to the sole accounts you operate a joint a joint current or savings account with the same bank or building society , you should check from the outset whether the terms and conditions include a right of set off , whereby funds on these accounts may be [] to repay the debt on others held by you or your partner .

However , there is little sign that it will ever produce compounds on the scale required by the heavy organic chemicals industry .
however , there is little sign that it will ever produce compounds on the scale [] by the heavy organic chemicals industry .

In order to use syn-gas directly it must be possible to vary the ratio of carbon monoxide to hydrogen . For example , to make methyl alcohol ( methanol , which used to be called wood alcohol ) , a 1:2 ratio is required ,
in order to use syn-gas directly it must be possible to vary the ratio of carbon monoxide to hydrogen . for example , to make methyl alcohol ( methanol , which used to be called wood alcohol ) , a 1:2 ratio is [] ,

They liked the elegance of Dr Gentle 's idea , and the fact that it required no great resources .
they liked the elegance of dr gentle 's idea , and the fact that it [] no great resources .

Reading about it in the popular press is no substitute for the scrutiny that follows the disclosure required by technical journals .
reading about it in the popular press is no substitute for the scrutiny that follows the disclosure [] by technical journals .

The production of copper from  grade one  copper scrap in a reverbatory furnace uses only 3 per cent of the energy required to convert virgin ore to the metal .
the production of copper from  grade one  copper scrap in a reverbatory furnace uses only 3 per cent of the energy [] to convert virgin ore to the metal .

The polarisation of the photon provides the single dynamical variable that Bell postulates and , as required , it can take only one of the two values : a photon or  parcel  of light , may be polarised in a plane either parallel or perpendicular to a defined direction in space .
the polarisation of the photon provides the single dynamical variable that bell postulates and , as [] , it can take only one of the two values : a photon or  parcel  of light , may be polarised in a plane either parallel or perpendicular to a defined direction in space .

Even if operators choose to base their networks on the tree-and-branch system , they will be required to lay their ducts in such a way that the star technique can be accommodated later on .
even if operators choose to base their networks on the tree-and-branch system , they will be [] to lay their ducts in such a way that the star technique can be accommodated later on .

Fortunately the energy required to break the atoms away from the diamond is very large , and so this process occurs very slowly at room temperature .
fortunately the energy [] to break the atoms away from the diamond is very large , and so this process occurs very slowly at room temperature .

The electrons may be excited from one orbital to another , still localised at the nitrogen impurity , by much less energy than is required in the perfect diamond : in fact , blue light has sufficient quantum energy .
the electrons may be excited from one orbital to another , still localised at the nitrogen impurity , by much less energy than is [] in the perfect diamond : in fact , blue light has sufficient quantum energy .

Fuel was considered expensive then , but the high capital outlay required for the construction of a rotor ship was far more disconcerting .
fuel was considered expensive then , but the high capital outlay [] for the construction of a rotor ship was far more disconcerting .

Much research and debate is required before we have a feminist theory of technology ; in the meanwhile , this book will serve a useful purpose if it places the problem on the agenda of women 's studies .
much research and debate is [] before we have a feminist theory of technology ; in the meanwhile , this book will serve a useful purpose if it places the problem on the agenda of women 's studies .

One year 's seeding really does mean seven years ' weeding , when we consider the succession of seasons required for astronomical numbers of poppy seeds to decay to zero .
one year 's seeding really does mean seven years ' weeding , when we consider the succession of seasons [] for astronomical numbers of poppy seeds to decay to zero .

Probably the most urgent sewer rejuvenation work is required in the West Midlands , the North West of England , and the Greater Glasgow conurbation .
probably the most urgent sewer rejuvenation work is [] in the west midlands , the north west of england , and the greater glasgow conurbation .

This proved to be far in excess of the minimum required for immunity , and although the researchers can not be certain of directly comparable results in man , the prospects seem reasonably good .
this proved to be far in excess of the minimum [] for immunity , and although the researchers can not be certain of directly comparable results in man , the prospects seem reasonably good .

The range in skill required for these experiments is , however , too large ; some can be carried out by a student at home while others require specialised equipment costing thousands of pounds .
the range in skill [] for these experiments is , however , too large ; some can be carried out by a student at home while others require specialised equipment costing thousands of pounds .

In its lively style , the chapters cover the basics of instrumental design  both mechanics and electronics  the standard photometric systems , and the calculations necessary to apply the corrections required to appreciate the quality of the results ; all with clear exposition and laced with good advice .
in its lively style , the chapters cover the basics of instrumental design  both mechanics and electronics  the standard photometric systems , and the calculations necessary to apply the corrections [] to appreciate the quality of the results ; all with clear exposition and laced with good advice .

Instead , most books make pious noises about more research being required rather than offering a frank discussion the of areas of ignorance .
instead , most books make pious noises about more research being [] rather than offering a frank discussion the of areas of ignorance .

Event and fault-trees can not only define the minimum response the system has to make to ensure a successful outcome follows an initiating event , and indicate where additional ,  redundant  equipment may be required to ensure this , but they are also valuable in showing up system sensitivities .
event and fault-trees can not only define the minimum response the system has to make to ensure a successful outcome follows an initiating event , and indicate where additional ,  redundant  equipment may be [] to ensure this , but they are also valuable in showing up system sensitivities .

Extra Antarctic research will both enhance the British presence in the region and provide the information required to draw up conventions on fishing and mineral wealth .
extra antarctic research will both enhance the british presence in the region and provide the information [] to draw up conventions on fishing and mineral wealth .

They needed a device able to scan lumps of rocks and pick out those worth processing at a rate that would make it possible to work on the huge scale required to make extraction from low-grade ores economical .
they needed a device able to scan lumps of rocks and pick out those worth processing at a rate that would make it possible to work on the huge scale [] to make extraction from low-grade ores economical .

In the old  hot metal  system ,  comps  turned the words into metal type by one of three processes , depending on the type size and design ( or  fount  ) required .
in the old  hot metal  system ,  comps  turned the words into metal type by one of three processes , depending on the type size and design ( or  fount  ) [] .

Every species has a slightly different solution to the problem of getting about , and the amount of work required to go at a particular speed depends in part on how well an animal has been designed to move at that speed .
every species has a slightly different solution to the problem of getting about , and the amount of work [] to go at a particular speed depends in part on how well an animal has been designed to move at that speed .

The more tightly bound , or closer , to the nucleus an electron is , the more energy is required to dislodge it ; thus radiation of short wavelength , that is , with more energy , produces photoemission of electrons closest to the nucleus .
the more tightly bound , or closer , to the nucleus an electron is , the more energy is [] to dislodge it ; thus radiation of short wavelength , that is , with more energy , produces photoemission of electrons closest to the nucleus .

To provide  the best chance of pregnancy , all the eggs should be fertilised and the required number of embryos immediately transplanted .
to provide  the best chance of pregnancy , all the eggs should be fertilised and the [] number of embryos immediately transplanted .

They will have to be slowed down by moderators to the energy required , and then guided to the instruments in which the scientists will study their materials .
they will have to be slowed down by moderators to the energy [] , and then guided to the instruments in which the scientists will study their materials .

And a number of these plantships would be required .
and a number of these plantships would be [] .

For example , his account of the nine different reasons why two scientists might disagree could go verbatim into any elementary course on the social relations of science , whilst the extended analogy between  growing science  and establishing an orchard should be required reading for every would-be science politician in any nation that aspires to modernity .
for example , his account of the nine different reasons why two scientists might disagree could go verbatim into any elementary course on the social relations of science , whilst the extended analogy between  growing science  and establishing an orchard should be [] reading for every would-be science politician in any nation that aspires to modernity .

Each was required in turn to break off and tell us the advertisements were coming and it did prove hard , such was the intensity of the exchange , to sustain the intellectual commitment over commercial claims for Whiskas and options .
each was [] in turn to break off and tell us the advertisements were coming and it did prove hard , such was the intensity of the exchange , to sustain the intellectual commitment over commercial claims for whiskas and options .

But this is due to an effect known as  side echoes  ; a sonar frequency of 10 kHz or less is required for true sediment penetration .
but this is due to an effect known as  side echoes  ; a sonar frequency of 10 khz or less is [] for true sediment penetration .

Very high temperatures and pressures , which could be produced only by a fission explosion , would be required to ignite the fusion reaction between hydrogen isotopes .
very high temperatures and pressures , which could be produced only by a fission explosion , would be [] to ignite the fusion reaction between hydrogen isotopes .

Teller was obsessed by the Super and although he contributed many valuable ideas to the fission project he declined to devote his time to the solid work required to see things through to practical conclusion .
teller was obsessed by the super and although he contributed many valuable ideas to the fission project he declined to devote his time to the solid work [] to see things through to practical conclusion .

Experiments using lasers give very accurate results ; they are also extremely sensitive , so only a small number of atoms are required .
experiments using lasers give very accurate results ; they are also extremely sensitive , so only a small number of atoms are [] .

In fact , they were stitched into shoes that required 3 per cent less leather than before .
in fact , they were stitched into shoes that [] 3 per cent less leather than before .

Eventually Nature becomes the designer , and the maintenance required is that sufficient to ensure that the sites remain acceptable to the public .
eventually nature becomes the designer , and the maintenance [] is that sufficient to ensure that the sites remain acceptable to the public .

The minimum effort required is to treat the edges in some permanent way , to clear up rubbish regularly and , as many waste areas are rather flat , to give a structure by planting clumps and belts of fast-growing shrubs and trees .
the minimum effort [] is to treat the edges in some permanent way , to clear up rubbish regularly and , as many waste areas are rather flat , to give a structure by planting clumps and belts of fast-growing shrubs and trees .

Early on in the present government 's administration a representative of Fabius warned that if research was to get the money it required , other ministries would suffer .
early on in the present government 's administration a representative of fabius warned that if research was to get the money it [] , other ministries would suffer .

Clearly a cohort analysis of this and other areas in southwest Cumbria is urgently required .
clearly a cohort analysis of this and other areas in southwest cumbria is urgently [] .

The equipment is continuously available and no special scheduling is required , as is often the case with animals .
the equipment is continuously available and no special scheduling is [] , as is often the case with animals .

Although practical experience was not required , Balliol decided to build its own laboratory , and asked Smith to run it , sending him off to various distinguished chemists to obtain an appropriate training .
although practical experience was not [] , balliol decided to build its own laboratory , and asked smith to run it , sending him off to various distinguished chemists to obtain an appropriate training .

An increase of up to 20 per cent in the number of science teachers would be required to provide the extra lessons recommended for 1118 year olds .
an increase of up to 20 per cent in the number of science teachers would be [] to provide the extra lessons recommended for 1118 year olds .

First , changes in technology and in demand can mean the kinds or grades of metals in the stores are no longer required .
first , changes in technology and in demand can mean the kinds or grades of metals in the stores are no longer [] .

At the energies required for fusion the atoms are fully ionised , creating what is known as a  plasma  .
at the energies [] for fusion the atoms are fully ionised , creating what is known as a  plasma  .

It is only once the problem is well under way or even completed that one fully knows what the notation is required to do .
it is only once the problem is well under way or even completed that one fully knows what the notation is [] to do .

Apart from the further statistical investigation that is required , there are alignments , like the Saintbury ley , which predict the presence of obscured prehistoric sites and which need testing by excavation .
apart from the further statistical investigation that is [] , there are alignments , like the saintbury ley , which predict the presence of obscured prehistoric sites and which need testing by excavation .

It started work on 1 January 1964 , inviting manufacturers voluntarily to submit reports on the safety testing and human trials of new drugs The Joint Sub-Committee also reported  that legislation on the whole subject is urgently required  .
it started work on 1 january 1964 , inviting manufacturers voluntarily to submit reports on the safety testing and human trials of new drugs the joint sub-committee also reported  that legislation on the whole subject is urgently []  .

The young Haworth left school at 14 to work in the factory and was required to pick up a knowledge of dyestuffs .
the young haworth left school at 14 to work in the factory and was [] to pick up a knowledge of dyestuffs .

 Free text retrieval systems required specially close monitoring , said Lindop , because of their ability to browse through a mass of material .
 free text retrieval systems [] specially close monitoring , said lindop , because of their ability to browse through a mass of material .

The allegation was foreign to Papert and his colleagues , but it is true that Servan-Schreiber would be politically safer and the centre financially more secure , if French industry could contribute substantially to the hardware required for pilot projects .
the allegation was foreign to papert and his colleagues , but it is true that servan-schreiber would be politically safer and the centre financially more secure , if french industry could contribute substantially to the hardware [] for pilot projects .

Then society will learn from continuous impersonal accounts that attitude required to solve present social problems , and will scorn sporadic writing intended to titivate its humour or its soul .
then society will learn from continuous impersonal accounts that attitude [] to solve present social problems , and will scorn sporadic writing intended to titivate its humour or its soul .

It would certainly be easier to mitigate the effects of such a drought if long-range forecasting could be made more effective , and although there is as yet no secure basis for the kind of forecasting required , an analysis of the causes of the latest drought offers some hope of explanations that may have predictive value in future .
it would certainly be easier to mitigate the effects of such a drought if long-range forecasting could be made more effective , and although there is as yet no secure basis for the kind of forecasting [] , an analysis of the causes of the latest drought offers some hope of explanations that may have predictive value in future .

As Trofim Denosovich Lysenko well knew , more than a little bashing is required to undermine the integrity of science .
as trofim denosovich lysenko well knew , more than a little bashing is [] to undermine the integrity of science .

The aniseed ball was located at the base of a short tube projecting from the mine casing and a waterproof cap was required which could he removed when the limpet mine was affixed to the enemy ship .
the aniseed ball was located at the base of a short tube projecting from the mine casing and a waterproof cap was [] which could he removed when the limpet mine was affixed to the enemy ship .

The deposits are , in the main , so marginal that large companies with financial muscle are required to exploit them .
the deposits are , in the main , so marginal that large companies with financial muscle are [] to exploit them .

Now that this book is so readily available one suggests as a required first question in any PhD oral in astronomy ,  Have you read The Realm of th1 Nebulae ?
now that this book is so readily available one suggests as a [] first question in any phd oral in astronomy ,  have you read the realm of th1 nebulae ?

All that has happened in tokamaks has been consistent with the 1970 view , formulated by Lev Artsimovich , that achieving the conditions required for thermonuclear ignition in tokamaks would be only a matter of time and of larger machines and the development of ways of heating the plasma .
all that has happened in tokamaks has been consistent with the 1970 view , formulated by lev artsimovich , that achieving the conditions [] for thermonuclear ignition in tokamaks would be only a matter of time and of larger machines and the development of ways of heating the plasma .

This has brought the temperature of the ions in a plasma right up to the regime required in reactors .
this has brought the temperature of the ions in a plasma right up to the regime [] in reactors .

However , industry is not required to do the same thing .
however , industry is not [] to do the same thing .

Conventional methods of dating objects by analysing radiocarbon , a sample of between 1 and 5 grams is normally required .
conventional methods of dating objects by analysing radiocarbon , a sample of between 1 and 5 grams is normally [] .

The likely misery he faced was recognised in a lengthy legal document that he was required to sign before the deed was done .
the likely misery he faced was recognised in a lengthy legal document that he was [] to sign before the deed was done .

During the Second World War , and in the decade that followed , the development of microwave generators required an understanding of more intense beams , where the  space-charge  forces arising from the mutual interaction of the electrons played an essential part in determining their behaviour .
during the second world war , and in the decade that followed , the development of microwave generators [] an understanding of more intense beams , where the  space-charge  forces arising from the mutual interaction of the electrons played an essential part in determining their behaviour .

Wild plants , in the Amazon , may contain the required genes .
wild plants , in the amazon , may contain the [] genes .

This further reduces both the power required and the heat generated , but without any threat to vital data .
this further reduces both the power [] and the heat generated , but without any threat to vital data .

It would take the length of a book to provide an adequate commentary on Brian Leith 's book , but fortunately it is hardly required .
it would take the length of a book to provide an adequate commentary on brian leith 's book , but fortunately it is hardly [] .

Special skills and techniques are required to observe the behaviour of goats in this rugged , inhospitable environment .
special skills and techniques are [] to observe the behaviour of goats in this rugged , inhospitable environment .

Pressing heavily on the pedals , the bicycle would then do what is not required , namely change down .
pressing heavily on the pedals , the bicycle would then do what is not [] , namely change down .

Two separate  orders  of information may be required , though we should guard against closing our categories .
two separate  orders  of information may be [] , though we should guard against closing our categories .

Community service is required in varying measure , from a very considerable degree of involvement ( Tanzania ) to occasional gestures such as National Tree Planting Day ( Lesotho ) .
community service is [] in varying measure , from a very considerable degree of involvement ( tanzania ) to occasional gestures such as national tree planting day ( lesotho ) .

Extract from a teachers ' guide ( Nigeria ) Required for one Science lesson : Class 3
extract from a teachers ' guide ( nigeria ) [] for one science lesson : class 3

Where essays are required in language , they tend to be marked to a fairly rigid marking scheme .
where essays are [] in language , they tend to be marked to a fairly rigid marking scheme .

The level of marks required for entrance to secondary school is a very closely guarded secret and seldom officially revealed .
the level of marks [] for entrance to secondary school is a very closely guarded secret and seldom officially revealed .

It is by no means surprising , therefore , to find that the vast majority of items in Social Studies and Science papers demand straight recall of specific facts and that teaching is adjusted accordingly : in one paper analysed in Botswana out of fifty questions , forty-nine required only recall of factual information .
it is by no means surprising , therefore , to find that the vast majority of items in social studies and science papers demand straight recall of specific facts and that teaching is adjusted accordingly : in one paper analysed in botswana out of fifty questions , forty-nine [] only recall of factual information .

Finally , because the examination is set on knowledge and abilities required for secondary school entry , and because all children do aspire to such entry , it forces teachers to cover material with their pupils whether they are able to understand it or not ; the very antithesis of sound pedagogy .
finally , because the examination is set on knowledge and abilities [] for secondary school entry , and because all children do aspire to such entry , it forces teachers to cover material with their pupils whether they are able to understand it or not ; the very antithesis of sound pedagogy .

Apart from that , in midlife as at every age , a good cut  about once every six weeks  is the single most important way to keep hair looking good , with an occasional soft perm or demi wave , when required .
apart from that , in midlife as at every age , a good cut  about once every six weeks  is the single most important way to keep hair looking good , with an occasional soft perm or demi wave , when [] .

Now there is no knowing when you may be needed and not everyone finds it easy to be on hand to talk or listen when required .
now there is no knowing when you may be needed and not everyone finds it easy to be on hand to talk or listen when [] .

They are also required to see a counsellor .
they are also [] to see a counsellor .

But within the security and time-scale of marriage , partners can be free to express their love physically as they can and will , without pressure to meet required standards .
but within the security and time-scale of marriage , partners can be free to express their love physically as they can and will , without pressure to meet [] standards .

18 voted in favour , less than the two-thirds vote required , and the motion was defeated .
18 voted in favour , less than the two-thirds vote [] , and the motion was defeated .

Improved ventilation was required underground and the management planned to let the workings continue to the surface as a new air inlet for the colliery .
improved ventilation was [] underground and the management planned to let the workings continue to the surface as a new air inlet for the colliery .

At 3.40 a.m. on Saturday 9th September , David Park joined the trapped men and his presence did much to restore their morale and give them confidence for what was required of them .
at 3.40 a.m. on saturday 9th september , david park joined the trapped men and his presence did much to restore their morale and give them confidence for what was [] of them .

Each day 's distance would be governed by the time required to make and break camp , to hunt animals for food , and to prepare meals .
each day 's distance would be governed by the time [] to make and break camp , to hunt animals for food , and to prepare meals .

The tradition referred to earlier that a surgeon had been required for the Empress , maintains that Garvine had to diagnose her illness without being allowed into her presence and that he treated her successfully .
the tradition referred to earlier that a surgeon had been [] for the empress , maintains that garvine had to diagnose her illness without being allowed into her presence and that he treated her successfully .

The war ended in 1813 and as his father-in-law had died a year earlier , William was no longer required to manage the family affairs .
the war ended in 1813 and as his father-in-law had died a year earlier , william was no longer [] to manage the family affairs .

As has been noted , it was he who proposed that the chiefs should be required to take the oath of allegiance , he who decreed that McIan Macdonald 's late submission was invalid , and he who prepared the instructions for the excess of vengeance against the clan .
as has been noted , it was he who proposed that the chiefs should be [] to take the oath of allegiance , he who decreed that mcian macdonald 's late submission was invalid , and he who prepared the instructions for the excess of vengeance against the clan .

Admission was to be free but tickets were required for each day and demand was enormous from all over Britain and Ireland , from other European countries , and even from North America .
admission was to be free but tickets were [] for each day and demand was enormous from all over britain and ireland , from other european countries , and even from north america .

Although curling is booming as a sport , the increased number of players is not reflected directly in the number of stones required , as very few curlers have their own stones .
although curling is booming as a sport , the increased number of players is not reflected directly in the number of stones [] , as very few curlers have their own stones .

It has borne his burdens , taken part in his wars , and shared his leisure pursuits but , incongruously , its most important period began with the start of the industrial revolution ; as man invented machines to revolutionise his industry , he found more need for the heavy horse ; it provided the means of transport and made possible the rapid improvements in agriculture required to feed the expanding population .
it has borne his burdens , taken part in his wars , and shared his leisure pursuits but , incongruously , its most important period began with the start of the industrial revolution ; as man invented machines to revolutionise his industry , he found more need for the heavy horse ; it provided the means of transport and made possible the rapid improvements in agriculture [] to feed the expanding population .

Most of the local men who had come for the conventicle , had come armed in case of a surprise attack , and many of the others agreed to arm themselves , but additional men would be required if the Dragoons were to be confronted .
most of the local men who had come for the conventicle , had come armed in case of a surprise attack , and many of the others agreed to arm themselves , but additional men would be [] if the dragoons were to be confronted .

For over 400 years , until the middle of the 17th century , noblemen and other landowners throughout Scotland were required by royal decree to parade their armed retainers periodically for a show of weapons and practise of military skills .
for over 400 years , until the middle of the 17th century , noblemen and other landowners throughout scotland were [] by royal decree to parade their armed retainers periodically for a show of weapons and practise of military skills .

That is , that the  god  representing the fundamental origin of the religion does not really exist , and never has existed , ; at least not in the form required to be believed in .
that is , that the  god  representing the fundamental origin of the religion does not really exist , and never has existed , ; at least not in the form [] to be believed in .

There would also be the valuable situation where conflicting parties would be able to resolve , without humiliation , the impasse into which they are locked , for none would be required to accept the religious justification of the other .
there would also be the valuable situation where conflicting parties would be able to resolve , without humiliation , the impasse into which they are locked , for none would be [] to accept the religious justification of the other .

This required the acknowledgement that there would be the obligation to suppress , at least in some degree , many of man 's inherited instinctive urges and the need to introduce rules for all to observe .
this [] the acknowledgement that there would be the obligation to suppress , at least in some degree , many of man 's inherited instinctive urges and the need to introduce rules for all to observe .

Also he needs to provide places of meeting so that those activities can be pursued communally when required .
also he needs to provide places of meeting so that those activities can be pursued communally when [] .

It could not have been otherwise for the attainment of the required goal of the perfect human being was possible by no other means .
it could not have been otherwise for the attainment of the [] goal of the perfect human being was possible by no other means .

It required but a single coincidence , whereby an apparent answer to a prayer arrived at the appropriate time , to make him believe that his objects of supplication had powers beyond himself , and had brought him relief .
it [] but a single coincidence , whereby an apparent answer to a prayer arrived at the appropriate time , to make him believe that his objects of supplication had powers beyond himself , and had brought him relief .

They should also know that it is very important that there must be established in the child 's mind at a very early age a dawning awareness of the fact that for all his life he will be required to submit to control from some source or other .
they should also know that it is very important that there must be established in the child 's mind at a very early age a dawning awareness of the fact that for all his life he will be [] to submit to control from some source or other .

The Pressure Required to Civilise
the pressure [] to civilise

If the matter were investigated deeply enough it could well be established that the pressure required to civilise a human being , and thereby generate a conscience , increases enormously as the time from the birth to the start of the process lengthens .
if the matter were investigated deeply enough it could well be established that the pressure [] to civilise a human being , and thereby generate a conscience , increases enormously as the time from the birth to the start of the process lengthens .

It is believed , as already mentioned , that one of the greatest pleasures for a child comes from the security it feels when it knows that it is loved , and it is the ability to withhold manifestations of that love for a little while , or threaten so to do , that provides a non-violent means of securing acquiescence when it is required .
it is believed , as already mentioned , that one of the greatest pleasures for a child comes from the security it feels when it knows that it is loved , and it is the ability to withhold manifestations of that love for a little while , or threaten so to do , that provides a non-violent means of securing acquiescence when it is [] .

Sometimes an old woman clambered mysteriously alone out of the dark silence on to the airy lightness of the Ridgery ; sometimes a friar came out of the trees , mounted to the village and required alms in a confident whining way .
sometimes an old woman clambered mysteriously alone out of the dark silence on to the airy lightness of the ridgery ; sometimes a friar came out of the trees , mounted to the village and [] alms in a confident whining way .

He was the protector of the Church in his land , and the Church required him to take a keen and personal interest in its affairs .
he was the protector of the church in his land , and the church [] him to take a keen and personal interest in its affairs .

The individual 's ability to  process  print includes basic reading skills and the more specialized skills required by a particular kind of text .
the individual 's ability to  process  print includes basic reading skills and the more specialized skills [] by a particular kind of text .

The test pieces have some words removed , perhaps every fifth word , and the tester is required to predict those missing words .
the test pieces have some words removed , perhaps every fifth word , and the tester is [] to predict those missing words .

The conventions become more complicated as pictures , diagrams , plans , maps , and similar devices in books , films , and videos are required to support the understanding of increasingly-complex things such as structures and processes ( from how steel is made and the structure of plant cells , to the relationships between ideas of various kinds and the  modelling  of mental processes , such as reading ) .
the conventions become more complicated as pictures , diagrams , plans , maps , and similar devices in books , films , and videos are [] to support the understanding of increasingly-complex things such as structures and processes ( from how steel is made and the structure of plant cells , to the relationships between ideas of various kinds and the  modelling  of mental processes , such as reading ) .

The act of faith required to permit children to judge and to choose is a simple one .
the act of faith [] to permit children to judge and to choose is a simple one .

There are considerable difficulties in working with children with special needs , and great devotion and expertise is required by those serving them .
there are considerable difficulties in working with children with special needs , and great devotion and expertise is [] by those serving them .

More specifically the contractor was not required to finance the kind of economic development procedures common to classic Grands Chantiers .
more specifically the contractor was not [] to finance the kind of economic development procedures common to classic grands chantiers .

Corbett added that he would appreciate an armed escort to the castle and so required the company of Sir James Selkirk and others of his ilk .
corbett added that he would appreciate an armed escort to the castle and so [] the company of sir james selkirk and others of his ilk .

Accepting that the average study period for a student is six to seven years long , an educational programme on which he starts is required to offer that body of knowledge and those skills that he will be required to demonstrate ten to fifteen years on .
accepting that the average study period for a student is six to seven years long , an educational programme on which he starts is [] to offer that body of knowledge and those skills that he will be [] to demonstrate ten to fifteen years on .

The most obvious example of such foresight being required is in the use and application of the  new technology  .
the most obvious example of such foresight being [] is in the use and application of the  new technology  .

those with degrees in building or civil engineering , present no notable challenge , offering as they do subject attainment closely allied to that normally required .
those with degrees in building or civil engineering , present no notable challenge , offering as they do subject attainment closely allied to that normally [] .

Strong management is required at two levels  management of the practice and management of each project .
strong management is [] at two levels  management of the practice and management of each project .

Business plans can be as simple or as complicated as the designer wishes , but their prime function is to set well-defined goals and to identify the resources in terms of time , finance , accommodation , equipment , personnel and training that will be required to meet the objectives .
business plans can be as simple or as complicated as the designer wishes , but their prime function is to set well-defined goals and to identify the resources in terms of time , finance , accommodation , equipment , personnel and training that will be [] to meet the objectives .

Personnel , and accommodation required for any extra staff needed to handle the work once obtained .
personnel , and accommodation [] for any extra staff needed to handle the work once obtained .

In order to preserve certain client relationships it may be necessary for a partner ( not responsible for the particular specialisation required ) to maintain personal control whilst delegating the execution of the task to the group or department concerned .
in order to preserve certain client relationships it may be necessary for a partner ( not responsible for the particular specialisation [] ) to maintain personal control whilst delegating the execution of the task to the group or department concerned .

It is important to prepare a description of the vacancy and a description of the qualities of the person required to fill it .
it is important to prepare a description of the vacancy and a description of the qualities of the person [] to fill it .

The job description should cover inter alia title , grade , qualifications and experience required , position within the firm 's structure , responsibilities and special arrangements .
the job description should cover inter alia title , grade , qualifications and experience [] , position within the firm 's structure , responsibilities and special arrangements .

The job specification should set out the qualities and skills of the person required for the post and these should ideally match the job description .
the job specification should set out the qualities and skills of the person [] for the post and these should ideally match the job description .

Although careful control is required , the ideal system seeks to have all staff working at the peak of their knowledge and ability .
although careful control is [] , the ideal system seeks to have all staff working at the peak of their knowledge and ability .

The complexity of the job will to some extent dictate the level of personnel required , and detailed consideration should be given to the optimum staff structure .
the complexity of the job will to some extent dictate the level of personnel [] , and detailed consideration should be given to the optimum staff structure .

Systems are required to facilitate progress monitoring .
systems are [] to facilitate progress monitoring .

Various types of evaluation are possible , according to the information required and the purpose for which it is intended .
various types of evaluation are possible , according to the information [] and the purpose for which it is intended .

For example , delay on the project may be owing to either lack of information from the surveyor or the failure of the contractor to progress the works at the required pace .
for example , delay on the project may be owing to either lack of information from the surveyor or the failure of the contractor to progress the works at the [] pace .

Although not designed as  brain storming  sessions , progress review meetings may have to serve this function if a job is behind programme and rescheduling is required to get back on target .
although not designed as  brain storming  sessions , progress review meetings may have to serve this function if a job is behind programme and rescheduling is [] to get back on target .

No registration is required , and even a mere oral agreement would suffice at law .
no registration is [] , and even a mere oral agreement would suffice at law .

Subsequent changes in the required particulars must also be notified to the Registrar .
subsequent changes in the [] particulars must also be notified to the registrar .

If the only working capital that is required can be provided by the personal capital of the participants , then partnership may well fit the bill .
if the only working capital that is [] can be provided by the personal capital of the participants , then partnership may well fit the bill .

The policy may be based on an assumption that not many houses are required in the whole district .
the policy may be based on an assumption that not many houses are [] in the whole district .

However , since an Enforcement Notice has to be confirmed by the Secretary of State who is required to have a hearing , and since compensation is payable for any loss arising out of a Stop Notice , if the notice is quashed because the development is authorised or does not require planning permission , unauthorised development can , and does , go on unpenalised for a very long time .
however , since an enforcement notice has to be confirmed by the secretary of state who is [] to have a hearing , and since compensation is payable for any loss arising out of a stop notice , if the notice is quashed because the development is authorised or does not require planning permission , unauthorised development can , and does , go on unpenalised for a very long time .

Previously , where planning permission was required for work to a listed building , the application was treated as being simultaneously an application for listed building consent , unless the works involved demolition of part or the whole , in which case a separate application was needed .
previously , where planning permission was [] for work to a listed building , the application was treated as being simultaneously an application for listed building consent , unless the works involved demolition of part or the whole , in which case a separate application was needed .

It is not merely a matter of whether planning permission is required and , if so , whether it is likely to be granted , but also of how long it will take .
it is not merely a matter of whether planning permission is [] and , if so , whether it is likely to be granted , but also of how long it will take .

There are also other consents which are required , for example , before introducing hazardous substances .
there are also other consents which are [] , for example , before introducing hazardous substances .

Gone are the days when the , existence of a signed building contract merely reflected a formality required by prudent businessmen .
gone are the days when the , existence of a signed building contract merely reflected a formality [] by prudent businessmen .

This has meant that some detailed provisions in standard forms of contract have required amendment .
this has meant that some detailed provisions in standard forms of contract have [] amendment .

We have seen that in the process of production , the means of production are used up ( the raw material is worked over , various auxiliary substances are required  machines themselves , and the buildings in which the work is done , as well as all kinds of instruments  wear out ) ; on the other hand , labour-power is also exhausted ( when people work , they also deteriorate , their labour-power is used up , and a certain expenditure must be incurred in order to re-establish this labour-power ) .
we have seen that in the process of production , the means of production are used up ( the raw material is worked over , various auxiliary substances are []  machines themselves , and the buildings in which the work is done , as well as all kinds of instruments  wear out ) ; on the other hand , labour-power is also exhausted ( when people work , they also deteriorate , their labour-power is used up , and a certain expenditure must be incurred in order to re-establish this labour-power ) .

If you can not find a teacher , who is also an expert in your held , do not worry as any teacher will be able to give you the information that will be required to improve your particular activity .
if you can not find a teacher , who is also an expert in your held , do not worry as any teacher will be able to give you the information that will be [] to improve your particular activity .

The initial deposit required by Porsche is 15 per cent of the car 's retail price , not 20 per cent as originally stated .
the initial deposit [] by porsche is 15 per cent of the car 's retail price , not 20 per cent as originally stated .

The vehicles required to meet the 1998 California deadline can certainly be made available and are likely to be a mix of both battery and hybrid vehicles .
the vehicles [] to meet the 1998 california deadline can certainly be made available and are likely to be a mix of both battery and hybrid vehicles .

As a result , we see the large European car manufacturers in particular now incorporating safety features well in advance of the those required by legislation .
as a result , we see the large european car manufacturers in particular now incorporating safety features well in advance of the those [] by legislation .

Potential carers will naturally expect to be thoroughly vetted and would be required to undertake an eight-week training course before being entrusted with the care of a child , which could take anything up to six months .
potential carers will naturally expect to be thoroughly vetted and would be [] to undertake an eight-week training course before being entrusted with the care of a child , which could take anything up to six months .

The investment in equipment required to thrive in a market devoid of ecological and social concern has led to traditional sustainable farming being squeezed out .
the investment in equipment [] to thrive in a market devoid of ecological and social concern has led to traditional sustainable farming being squeezed out .

Almost all the prints were portraits and Mr. Macdonald spoke of the problems associated with the use of long focal length lenses and the exposures required .
almost all the prints were portraits and mr. macdonald spoke of the problems associated with the use of long focal length lenses and the exposures [] .

It was not until they were coming back , with the required tins of paint and thick brushes amongst the rest of the shopping , that anything really unpleasant took place .
it was not until they were coming back , with the [] tins of paint and thick brushes amongst the rest of the shopping , that anything really unpleasant took place .

As such , a great deal of help is required with security , car parking , course maintenance and , particularly , judging .
as such , a great deal of help is [] with security , car parking , course maintenance and , particularly , judging .

Only society itself can make the fundamental change that is required to make racial harassment a part of history .
only society itself can make the fundamental change that is [] to make racial harassment a part of history .

Many whales also spend some considerable time swimming on the surface , where good sight is required but where their sonar is of little use .
many whales also spend some considerable time swimming on the surface , where good sight is [] but where their sonar is of little use .

Their large thick ears are clearly required for more than mere show .
their large thick ears are clearly [] for more than mere show .

Like the chimpanzees , the ability of bluetits to learn the complex series of manoeuvres required to release a peanut from a special trick-feeder is no more difficult than many of the activities it learns during the course of its life , seeking out insects and seeds from the most intricate of places , getting itself and its beak into just the right position to extract the desired morsel .
like the chimpanzees , the ability of bluetits to learn the complex series of manoeuvres [] to release a peanut from a special trick-feeder is no more difficult than many of the activities it learns during the course of its life , seeking out insects and seeds from the most intricate of places , getting itself and its beak into just the right position to extract the desired morsel .

And no puzzle of human design can match the complexity and ingenuity required to build a nest  weaving the moss , twigs , pieces of hair and even lengths of wool and man-made fibres , collected in a myriad shapes and lengths , into a cosy den that no human could ever imitate .
and no puzzle of human design can match the complexity and ingenuity [] to build a nest  weaving the moss , twigs , pieces of hair and even lengths of wool and man-made fibres , collected in a myriad shapes and lengths , into a cosy den that no human could ever imitate .

One might ( perhaps ) be able to teach a dolphin to peel a banana , but only if it was incorporated into a sequence of actions required to achieve some goal considered meaningful to the mind of the dolphin  food , affection , play or whatever ! So really , this is no more wonderful than a dolphin learning its way around the complexities of its natural marine environment so that it may find  and catch  the best shoals of fish .
one might ( perhaps ) be able to teach a dolphin to peel a banana , but only if it was incorporated into a sequence of actions [] to achieve some goal considered meaningful to the mind of the dolphin  food , affection , play or whatever ! so really , this is no more wonderful than a dolphin learning its way around the complexities of its natural marine environment so that it may find  and catch  the best shoals of fish .

But more careful observation showed that the behaviour was simply an imitation of the trainer 's actions , combined with an association of certain  symbols  or shapes with particular things  nothing more than the association of the sight or shape of a banana plant with bananas , combined with a sequence of actions required to pluck the banana or to reach the location of the plant in the wild .
but more careful observation showed that the behaviour was simply an imitation of the trainer 's actions , combined with an association of certain  symbols  or shapes with particular things  nothing more than the association of the sight or shape of a banana plant with bananas , combined with a sequence of actions [] to pluck the banana or to reach the location of the plant in the wild .

 Yet there may be genetic information encoded on the construction of the particular physical sense and motor organs required to perform the deed .
 yet there may be genetic information encoded on the construction of the particular physical sense and motor organs [] to perform the deed .

Night is required by plants to store the energy collected during the day .
night is [] by plants to store the energy collected during the day .

Just so , perhaps , are ice ages the long winters , the scourers of the planet , the deep sleep required for nature 's recovery .
just so , perhaps , are ice ages the long winters , the scourers of the planet , the deep sleep [] for nature 's recovery .

The decaying mulch of good old manure and compost , full with a myriad bacteria , is required for a healthy soil ecosystem .
the decaying mulch of good old manure and compost , full with a myriad bacteria , is [] for a healthy soil ecosystem .

The energy required to move that system into a falling phase is very little .
the energy [] to move that system into a falling phase is very little .

This magnificent insect , as well as being rare , frequents the tops of oak trees , rarely descending to the forest glades , so binoculars are normally required to catch a sight of it .
this magnificent insect , as well as being rare , frequents the tops of oak trees , rarely descending to the forest glades , so binoculars are normally [] to catch a sight of it .

The biological and physiological complexity required for molecular recognition either  directly  through the senses of  smell  or  taste  , or  indirectly  through appreciation of their modulating effects upon electromagnetic energy , is quite amazing .
the biological and physiological complexity [] for molecular recognition either  directly  through the senses of  smell  or  taste  , or  indirectly  through appreciation of their modulating effects upon electromagnetic energy , is quite amazing .

According to legend , some stones have moved permanently by their own power , such as the Wergin Stone near Hereford which suddenly moved 240 paces and required nine yoke of oxen to take it back .
according to legend , some stones have moved permanently by their own power , such as the wergin stone near hereford which suddenly moved 240 paces and [] nine yoke of oxen to take it back .

He has never admitted an awareness of Earth Mysteries as an inspiration for his work , but the walking of straight lines echoes not only leys but also the task of the Gaia Programme monitors who were required to take regular readings on straight lines out from ancient sites .
he has never admitted an awareness of earth mysteries as an inspiration for his work , but the walking of straight lines echoes not only leys but also the task of the gaia programme monitors who were [] to take regular readings on straight lines out from ancient sites .

The skills required to use such awareness to create artificial form are those of the geomant  a combination of shaman , geographer , town and country planner , sculptor , architect , artist and landscape designer .
the skills [] to use such awareness to create artificial form are those of the geomant  a combination of shaman , geographer , town and country planner , sculptor , architect , artist and landscape designer .

From what we know of modern witchcraft practices , we can speculate that the stone circles were used for dancing and that this was a method of raising power ( similar to the  cone of power  that witches use today ) which could then be stored in the stones to be used when required .
from what we know of modern witchcraft practices , we can speculate that the stone circles were used for dancing and that this was a method of raising power ( similar to the  cone of power  that witches use today ) which could then be stored in the stones to be used when [] .

Linear earthworks were the means of manipulating , channelling and containing vast flows of terrestrial energy , drawing them out of the central plateau area of the chalk uplands and leading them , sometimes for miles , towards places where they were required to boost the existing subtle currents .
linear earthworks were the means of manipulating , channelling and containing vast flows of terrestrial energy , drawing them out of the central plateau area of the chalk uplands and leading them , sometimes for miles , towards places where they were [] to boost the existing subtle currents .

Looking into the future , Keener wonders whether a new music carrier will be required to take the industry forward .
looking into the future , keener wonders whether a new music carrier will be [] to take the industry forward .

But when it comes to the ecstatically energised and demonstrative music , he either plays safe with tempi and tones down orchestral brilliance or , more alarmingly , decides to add a wealth of extra cymbal ( suspended and clashed ) , presumably in the misguided notion that more emphasis is required .
but when it comes to the ecstatically energised and demonstrative music , he either plays safe with tempi and tones down orchestral brilliance or , more alarmingly , decides to add a wealth of extra cymbal ( suspended and clashed ) , presumably in the misguided notion that more emphasis is [] .

Jack de Bie 's playing is rhythmically alive , thoughtful and passionate as required , with some particularly sensitive pedalling in evidence .
jack de bie 's playing is rhythmically alive , thoughtful and passionate as [] , with some particularly sensitive pedalling in evidence .

It offers a one-year contract , with a one-month notice period , compared with the four-year deal  and swingeing charges for early cancellation  required by some rivals .
it offers a one-year contract , with a one-month notice period , compared with the four-year deal  and swingeing charges for early cancellation  [] by some rivals .

Unable to pump in compressed air to equalise the water pressure  the air pressure required would have exceeded legal limits  Fairclough and Thames had to find a machine that could operate under such conditions .
unable to pump in compressed air to equalise the water pressure  the air pressure [] would have exceeded legal limits  fairclough and thames had to find a machine that could operate under such conditions .

Artificial sweeteners can be used if required ( see p 334 ) , but it is best to break the  sweetness addiction  altogether if possible .
artificial sweeteners can be used if [] ( see p 334 ) , but it is best to break the  sweetness addiction  altogether if possible .

When they gave the measure their final approval , ministers arbitrarily changed the legal basis of the legislation in such a way that unanimous voting would have been required for any further tightening of pollution standards .
when they gave the measure their final approval , ministers arbitrarily changed the legal basis of the legislation in such a way that unanimous voting would have been [] for any further tightening of pollution standards .

Having developed a process on this flexible pilot rig , a contractor could decide which process steps are required on a particular site , and whether a custom-built on-site unit , a mobile unit , or a central facility will best solve the problem .
having developed a process on this flexible pilot rig , a contractor could decide which process steps are [] on a particular site , and whether a custom-built on-site unit , a mobile unit , or a central facility will best solve the problem .

Advice on how to achieve the new tighter control limits required in plating , anodising and chromate pickling together with details of the new chromic acid mist test are contained in the Metal Finishing Association 's Health and safety bulletin no 8 .
advice on how to achieve the new tighter control limits [] in plating , anodising and chromate pickling together with details of the new chromic acid mist test are contained in the metal finishing association 's health and safety bulletin no 8 .

The Benevolent Fund had existed for many years , but it was Harry Barber who first inaugurated in the Essex Section the Links scheme in which elderly and retired members keep in touch with each other for mutual support if required .
the benevolent fund had existed for many years , but it was harry barber who first inaugurated in the essex section the links scheme in which elderly and retired members keep in touch with each other for mutual support if [] .

Soft linings for dentures , which are required or at least desired by many patients , are a challenging research problem .
soft linings for dentures , which are [] or at least desired by many patients , are a challenging research problem .

Because the lens acts as a relatively immobile membrane at night , it is not difficult to calculate the level of permeability required .
because the lens acts as a relatively immobile membrane at night , it is not difficult to calculate the level of permeability [] .

In hydrogels , the transport processes are governed by the water content of the hydrogel and , as a rule of thumb , a polymer containing 70 per cent water is required while wearing a lens when sleeping .
in hydrogels , the transport processes are governed by the water content of the hydrogel and , as a rule of thumb , a polymer containing 70 per cent water is [] while wearing a lens when sleeping .

To succeed , the book would have required greater impartiality , a more critical appraisal of the work described and more attention to the balance between topics .
to succeed , the book would have [] greater impartiality , a more critical appraisal of the work described and more attention to the balance between topics .

Between his eighth and twelfth years , he was at four Plymouth schools , and then , not even on a regular basis ; he only attended when his grandmother could get together the few pence required to pay his fee .
between his eighth and twelfth years , he was at four plymouth schools , and then , not even on a regular basis ; he only attended when his grandmother could get together the few pence [] to pay his fee .

In order to raise this sum required ( 5000 ) , they organised a Grand Bazaar which was held in St. Andrew 's Hall and formally opened by the Duchess of Montrose .
in order to raise this sum [] ( 5000 ) , they organised a grand bazaar which was held in st. andrew 's hall and formally opened by the duchess of montrose .

In providing reasonable access to a representative range of published material , a librarian is required to take note of the needs and interests of the public as a whole ; from time to time pressures , which this Association would feel to be undue , have been brought to bear on a librarian to discontinue the acquisition and display of material , which is thought to be unacceptable and which thus might prohibit the service to certain minorities whose interests the libraries are equally supposed to serve .
in providing reasonable access to a representative range of published material , a librarian is [] to take note of the needs and interests of the public as a whole ; from time to time pressures , which this association would feel to be undue , have been brought to bear on a librarian to discontinue the acquisition and display of material , which is thought to be unacceptable and which thus might prohibit the service to certain minorities whose interests the libraries are equally supposed to serve .

The Code specified the action required if members did not adhere to the Code on an issue of censorship and no action was taken .
the code specified the action [] if members did not adhere to the code on an issue of censorship and no action was taken .

With domestic cats it means that , every so often , the old  standby  diet suddenly becomes unattractive and a brief change is required .
with domestic cats it means that , every so often , the old  standby  diet suddenly becomes unattractive and a brief change is [] .

Because cats are many times more sensitive to detergent contamination than we humans are , much more rinsing than usual is required .
because cats are many times more sensitive to detergent contamination than we humans are , much more rinsing than usual is [] .

All that was required then was for one of these tormentors to fall ill or suffer a sudden accident and the old  witch  was to blame .
all that was [] then was for one of these tormentors to fall ill or suffer a sudden accident and the old  witch  was to blame .

All students are required to enrol initially at the beginning of their course of study at the University , and to re-enrol annually , at the beginning of each academic year .
all students are [] to enrol initially at the beginning of their course of study at the university , and to re-enrol annually , at the beginning of each academic year .

Grant awarding bodies will be notified before the end of the Spring Term of the exact period of required attendance for courses exceeding 213 days .
grant awarding bodies will be notified before the end of the spring term of the exact period of [] attendance for courses exceeding 213 days .

Documentation Required for Enrolment
documentation [] for enrolment

Each student is required to complete the coloured boxes in ink using capital letters .
each student is [] to complete the coloured boxes in ink using capital letters .

Each Student Is Required To Pay
each student is [] to pay

In addition to the two photographs required for enrolment you may wish to bring additional passport size colour photographs as follows :
in addition to the two photographs [] for enrolment you may wish to bring additional passport size colour photographs as follows :

All registered students on taught courses are assigned to studies advisers who guide in matters affecting course content , assessment and progress . Students are encouraged to talk to their advisers about their work and progress and to seek assistance , if required , with study or examination skills ;
all registered students on taught courses are assigned to studies advisers who guide in matters affecting course content , assessment and progress . students are encouraged to talk to their advisers about their work and progress and to seek assistance , if [] , with study or examination skills ;

Students living away from home are required to register with a doctor as they may require medical treatment at night or weekends outside the times of normal surgeries .
students living away from home are [] to register with a doctor as they may require medical treatment at night or weekends outside the times of normal surgeries .

Thereafter students shall enrol annually as required , normally at the commencement of the academic session .
thereafter students shall enrol annually as [] , normally at the commencement of the academic session .

Students are required to notify the Academic Registrar immediately of any change in the information provided by them at the time of enrolment .
students are [] to notify the academic registrar immediately of any change in the information provided by them at the time of enrolment .

Every registered student shall have an adviser of studies or research supervisor and shall be required to see the adviser or supervisor at the beginning of the academic year , at the end of each term , and at such other times as may be required .
every registered student shall have an adviser of studies or research supervisor and shall be [] to see the adviser or supervisor at the beginning of the academic year , at the end of each term , and at such other times as may be [] .

Applications shall be considered on behalf of the Senate by the board of the faculty which , in granting leave of absence , may prescribe that the student be required on resumption of studies to repeat any part of the course of study or research , or that the point of resumption be not decided until the time of the student 's return .
applications shall be considered on behalf of the senate by the board of the faculty which , in granting leave of absence , may prescribe that the student be [] on resumption of studies to repeat any part of the course of study or research , or that the point of resumption be not decided until the time of the student 's return .

If at any time the board of the faculty , on the advice of a course committee , is of the opinion that a student 's progress is unsatisfactory it shall send to the student due notice in writing that , unless there is an improvement , it will debar the student from taking examinations or will recommend to the Senate that the student be required to discontinue his studies .
if at any time the board of the faculty , on the advice of a course committee , is of the opinion that a student 's progress is unsatisfactory it shall send to the student due notice in writing that , unless there is an improvement , it will debar the student from taking examinations or will recommend to the senate that the student be [] to discontinue his studies .

Students are required to notify the Academic Registrar immediately of any change in their term-time address .
students are [] to notify the academic registrar immediately of any change in their term-time address .

Students may be required by or on behalf of the Senate to arrange for the provision of appropriate evidence about their state of health .
students may be [] by or on behalf of the senate to arrange for the provision of appropriate evidence about their state of health .

Students living in the University residences are required to register with a local medical practitioner or with the University Physician , and to report the name of the doctor to the Accommodation Officer .
students living in the university residences are [] to register with a local medical practitioner or with the university physician , and to report the name of the doctor to the accommodation officer .

Work on which cumulative and other forms of assessment have been based may be returned to candidates on a written undertaking that it shall be given back , if required , at any time within one year from the examination .
work on which cumulative and other forms of assessment have been based may be returned to candidates on a written undertaking that it shall be given back , if [] , at any time within one year from the examination .

Failure on the part of a candidate to return work as required will be a sufficient reason for a board of examiners not to take the work into account in determining the results of a candidate .
failure on the part of a candidate to return work as [] will be a sufficient reason for a board of examiners not to take the work into account in determining the results of a candidate .

Users are required to adhere to all legal requirements , contractual licences and agreements approved by the Senate , the Educational Services Policy and Planning Committee , the Computer Policy and Planning Committee or the Director of Computer Services in relation to the protection of data , software and network access or usage .
users are [] to adhere to all legal requirements , contractual licences and agreements approved by the senate , the educational services policy and planning committee , the computer policy and planning committee or the director of computer services in relation to the protection of data , software and network access or usage .

All withdrawals of a disciplinary nature will be reported to the Pro-Vice-Chancellor responsible for the computing service whose approval will be required for any action extending beyond seven days .
all withdrawals of a disciplinary nature will be reported to the pro-vice-chancellor responsible for the computing service whose approval will be [] for any action extending beyond seven days .

Consultation with Computer Services , and acceptance of any conditions arising , would be required where any other approach is to be used .
consultation with computer services , and acceptance of any conditions arising , would be [] where any other approach is to be used .

Students are therefore required to comply with all verbal or written instructions on safety given to them by staff .
students are therefore [] to comply with all verbal or written instructions on safety given to them by staff .

Students living away from home are required to register with the Medical Officer or a local doctor of their choice .
students living away from home are [] to register with the medical officer or a local doctor of their choice .

Applicants whose native language is not English and who do not hold a recognized qualification in English will be required to provide evidence that they are sufficiently competent in the use of the English language . The following language tests may be used :
applicants whose native language is not english and who do not hold a recognized qualification in english will be [] to provide evidence that they are sufficiently competent in the use of the english language . the following language tests may be used :

Applicants for bursaries will be required to possess a first degree or equivalent qualification .
applicants for bursaries will be [] to possess a first degree or equivalent qualification .

By formulating such objectives , ward staff are able to define precisely the general and the specific care required by the patients of their particular specialty .
by formulating such objectives , ward staff are able to define precisely the general and the specific care [] by the patients of their particular specialty .

The student 's understanding of the wide range of topics taught will be tested only when she is required to put it into practice .
the student 's understanding of the wide range of topics taught will be tested only when she is [] to put it into practice .

This can be used as a teaching session while providing the senior nurse with some of the information required for the management of the unit .
this can be used as a teaching session while providing the senior nurse with some of the information [] for the management of the unit .

The clinical teacher must also be involved in planning timetables , since she is often required to teach in the classroom .
the clinical teacher must also be involved in planning timetables , since she is often [] to teach in the classroom .

For example , she may be required to take an assessment of her nursing skills for examination purposes during the allocation , and may need extra help for this purpose .
for example , she may be [] to take an assessment of her nursing skills for examination purposes during the allocation , and may need extra help for this purpose .

The ward sister will be required to write a ward report on the student , and this must be discussed fully with her .
the ward sister will be [] to write a ward report on the student , and this must be discussed fully with her .

For example , two nurses are required to do the medicine round , and the administration of drugs can be used as a learning opportunity .
for example , two nurses are [] to do the medicine round , and the administration of drugs can be used as a learning opportunity .

Yet it is also unrealistic to expect one hour of teaching time per week to be sufficient to cover the information required for good patient care .
yet it is also unrealistic to expect one hour of teaching time per week to be sufficient to cover the information [] for good patient care .

The information required to complete the  book  should all be available from the ward resources .
the information [] to complete the  book  should all be available from the ward resources .

Where students are already experienced then perhaps some very precise detail will be required .
where students are already experienced then perhaps some very precise detail will be [] .

Lack of clarity about the outcome or final performance required .
lack of clarity about the outcome or final performance [] .

The second source of ambiguity , confusion about the final performance required , is slightly different from the above source and is perhaps more common in teaching .
the second source of ambiguity , confusion about the final performance [] , is slightly different from the above source and is perhaps more common in teaching .

Students also need to know what standards are required of them .
students also need to know what standards are [] of them .

For example , the objective  make up a bed , according to standard procedure  draws on general standards in that waterproof pillow-covers and light bedding would be required , and local standards for bed making , whether that means a  general tucking-in all round  or  all corners perfectly rectangular and with the top sheet turned over 32.5 cms  .
for example , the objective  make up a bed , according to standard procedure  draws on general standards in that waterproof pillow-covers and light bedding would be [] , and local standards for bed making , whether that means a  general tucking-in all round  or  all corners perfectly rectangular and with the top sheet turned over 32.5 cms  .

The difficulty is not so much in defining the content for a given situation as stating the level of performance required .
the difficulty is not so much in defining the content for a given situation as stating the level of performance [] .

Teachers become more efficient at writing objectives the more they practise , so that they can soon reach the stage where the time taken is no more than is required for planning anyway .
teachers become more efficient at writing objectives the more they practise , so that they can soon reach the stage where the time taken is no more than is [] for planning anyway .

It seems that the teacher can not do much more than demonstrate applied knowledge and nursing skills , applied personal resources , and the skills required in modifying and adapting a variety of procedures to meet particular contingencies .
it seems that the teacher can not do much more than demonstrate applied knowledge and nursing skills , applied personal resources , and the skills [] in modifying and adapting a variety of procedures to meet particular contingencies .

Selective reinforcement , the rewarding of required and approved behaviour , can be a useful technique for teachers , where praise and approval are used for shaping and maintaining desired student performance , especially in the early stages of learning when students need this kind of reassurance and when the work itself has not yet become intrinsically satisfying .
selective reinforcement , the rewarding of [] and approved behaviour , can be a useful technique for teachers , where praise and approval are used for shaping and maintaining desired student performance , especially in the early stages of learning when students need this kind of reassurance and when the work itself has not yet become intrinsically satisfying .

No conscious effort is required , and it is sometimes possible to carry on a non-relevant activity , e.g .
no conscious effort is [] , and it is sometimes possible to carry on a non-relevant activity , e.g .

It is necessary for the teacher to ensure that the student can perform any prerequisite skills , can make any discriminations and possesses the concepts and rules required during performance .
it is necessary for the teacher to ensure that the student can perform any prerequisite skills , can make any discriminations and possesses the concepts and rules [] during performance .

Assessment of any visual aid must be based on its ability to convey information , and therefore differing types of media are required for differing teaching methods .
assessment of any visual aid must be based on its ability to convey information , and therefore differing types of media are [] for differing teaching methods .

How many staff can use the equipment ? Will special instructions be required for most of the staff , in order that the materials can be fully utilised , or will it be the  toy of one or two people ; or will it lie dormant in a cupboard until someone revives interest in it ?
how many staff can use the equipment ? will special instructions be [] for most of the staff , in order that the materials can be fully utilised , or will it be the  toy of one or two people ; or will it lie dormant in a cupboard until someone revives interest in it ?

Material may also be transferred to the board by making a pattern of the diagram of the required size on paper .
material may also be transferred to the board by making a pattern of the diagram of the [] size on paper .

The paper is clipped together by firm bulldog clips at the top edge of the required piece of hardboard , so allowing the charts to be turned over in an upwards direction .
the paper is clipped together by firm bulldog clips at the top edge of the [] piece of hardboard , so allowing the charts to be turned over in an upwards direction .

The stretching of the elastic explains the elasticity of lung tissue and that energy is required to stretch the tissue .
the stretching of the elastic explains the elasticity of lung tissue and that energy is [] to stretch the tissue .

Release and recoil of the elastic is passive , no energy being required .
release and recoil of the elastic is passive , no energy being [] .

The string demonstrates that energy is required to extend the string to its full length and that no elastic recoil is demonstrated on release of the string .
the string demonstrates that energy is [] to extend the string to its full length and that no elastic recoil is demonstrated on release of the string .

What preparation will be required ?
what preparation will be [] ?

Will uniform or mufti be required ?
will uniform or mufti be [] ?

Storage of transparencies allows them to be used at a later date , therefore time spent in careful production is time well used . Planning of the lesson sequence is important : what visual representations are required and what needs to be included on each transparency ? Would a series of transparencies be better than overcrowding one frame ?
storage of transparencies allows them to be used at a later date , therefore time spent in careful production is time well used . planning of the lesson sequence is important : what visual representations are [] and what needs to be included on each transparency ? would a series of transparencies be better than overcrowding one frame ?

The programme would include the prerequisite knowledge for understanding the principles and concepts of the pathological process , the development of the abnormal body function and the skills required to nurse the patients and assess their short and long term needs .
the programme would include the prerequisite knowledge for understanding the principles and concepts of the pathological process , the development of the abnormal body function and the skills [] to nurse the patients and assess their short and long term needs .

Having decided on your broad aims and objectives and any outside resources which may be required , you should then break these down into the knowledge and skills the nurse requires in order to complete the project .
having decided on your broad aims and objectives and any outside resources which may be [] , you should then break these down into the knowledge and skills the nurse requires in order to complete the project .

Next , time-table the programme and identify the formal teaching sessions required to give the learners a firm basis on which to build .
next , time-table the programme and identify the formal teaching sessions [] to give the learners a firm basis on which to build .

Students living away from home are required to register with the Medical Officer or a local doctor of their choice .
students living away from home are [] to register with the medical officer or a local doctor of their choice .

provide evidence of competence in written and spoken English&sup2 ; and ( where appropriate ) the required level of numeracy&sup3 ; .
provide evidence of competence in written and spoken english&sup2 ; and ( where appropriate ) the [] level of numeracy&sup3 ; .

Applicants whose native language is not English and who do not hold a recognized qualification in English will be required to provide evidence that they are sufficiently competent in the use of the English language . The following language tests may be used :
applicants whose native language is not english and who do not hold a recognized qualification in english will be [] to provide evidence that they are sufficiently competent in the use of the english language . the following language tests may be used :

Overseas applicants are required to provide evidence of medical fitness ; such evidence , in the form of written verification from a medical officer that the applicant is deemed fit to undertake studies at the University , must be received in advance of registration .
overseas applicants are [] to provide evidence of medical fitness ; such evidence , in the form of written verification from a medical officer that the applicant is deemed fit to undertake studies at the university , must be received in advance of registration .

Full-time undergraduate , postgraduate , diploma and certificate students are required to pay , prior to enrolment , a composite annual fee as prescribed from time to time by the Council of the University .
full-time undergraduate , postgraduate , diploma and certificate students are [] to pay , prior to enrolment , a composite annual fee as prescribed from time to time by the council of the university .

When a student in receipt of grant aid transfers on educational grounds  on the recommendation of the University  to another designated course either at the same university or another institution , the grant will be continued for the period required to complete the new course , provided that the transfer takes place within 16 months of the date of the student 's registration on his/her initial course .
when a student in receipt of grant aid transfers on educational grounds  on the recommendation of the university  to another designated course either at the same university or another institution , the grant will be continued for the period [] to complete the new course , provided that the transfer takes place within 16 months of the date of the student 's registration on his/her initial course .

The portfolio need not demonstrate the same level of skill as is required for entry to the specialist Art and Design degree programmes .
the portfolio need not demonstrate the same level of skill as is [] for entry to the specialist art and design degree programmes .

The skills and expertise required to manage or advise them are in many respects different to those required in a large organization .
the skills and expertise [] to manage or advise them are in many respects different to those [] in a large organization .

During the sandwich year , students are placed in suitable employment and are required to undertake an industrial project .
during the sandwich year , students are placed in suitable employment and are [] to undertake an industrial project .

Participants thus acquire knowledge of specific subjects supported by the mix of general business subjects required to equip diplomates with the necessary competencies in supervisory and first-line management in the local and catering industry .
participants thus acquire knowledge of specific subjects supported by the mix of general business subjects [] to equip diplomates with the necessary competencies in supervisory and first-line management in the local and catering industry .

Applicants , when provisionally accepted , are also required to furnish a satisfactory medical report in accordance with the regulations of the Department of Education for Northern Ireland .
applicants , when provisionally accepted , are also [] to furnish a satisfactory medical report in accordance with the regulations of the department of education for northern ireland .

As part of their overall assessment , students will be required to select and undertake a substantial research project in their chosen area of professional practice .
as part of their overall assessment , students will be [] to select and undertake a substantial research project in their chosen area of professional practice .

Applicants , when provisionally accepted , are also required to furnish a satisfactory medical report in accordance with the regulations of the Department of Education for Northern Ireland .
applicants , when provisionally accepted , are also [] to furnish a satisfactory medical report in accordance with the regulations of the department of education for northern ireland .

All students are required to study Shakespeare .
all students are [] to study shakespeare .

All applicants for the degree course are required to demonstrate by audition a performance standard approximately equal to that required for grade eight on an instrument ( or voice ) , and preferably should have some experience in keyboard playing ( equivalent to grade three ) .
all applicants for the degree course are [] to demonstrate by audition a performance standard approximately equal to that [] for grade eight on an instrument ( or voice ) , and preferably should have some experience in keyboard playing ( equivalent to grade three ) .

The first year has six required units which introduce students to the concepts and methods of analysis central to the study of mass media .
the first year has six [] units which introduce students to the concepts and methods of analysis central to the study of mass media .

Students are required to spend up to one-third of their time on practical projects in radio , television and film and to complete a dissertation in the final year .
students are [] to spend up to one-third of their time on practical projects in radio , television and film and to complete a dissertation in the final year .

All students of French are required to take the language units each year and , in addition , to choose an integrated programme of study from other units .
all students of french are [] to take the language units each year and , in addition , to choose an integrated programme of study from other units .

Students taking French as a major or joint subject are required to spend their third year in a French-speaking country .
students taking french as a major or joint subject are [] to spend their third year in a french-speaking country .

In the first year , students are required to study a unit on Europe and the Wider World from 1850 to 1945 and to choose between units on The Origins of Modern Society and The Emergence of Modern Ireland .
in the first year , students are [] to study a unit on europe and the wider world from 1850 to 1945 and to choose between units on the origins of modern society and the emergence of modern ireland .

The first year has two required units which introduce students to the concepts and methods of analysis central to the study of mass media .
the first year has two [] units which introduce students to the concepts and methods of analysis central to the study of mass media .

The first two years of the course have been designed to provide a strong foundation in the principles and practice of information system design and implementation , an understanding of basic concepts in computing and supporting studies , and the practical skills and experience required to perform a useful role in industry .
the first two years of the course have been designed to provide a strong foundation in the principles and practice of information system design and implementation , an understanding of basic concepts in computing and supporting studies , and the practical skills and experience [] to perform a useful role in industry .

In pantomime or musical comedy they might also be required to appear in production numbers with the rest of the company but true chorus dancers were always kept in the background .
in pantomime or musical comedy they might also be [] to appear in production numbers with the rest of the company but true chorus dancers were always kept in the background .

She was appalled when he explained to her she would be required to pose in a picture frame .
she was appalled when he explained to her she would be [] to pose in a picture frame .

Politically he was constitutionally blue but emotionally pink , but as his politics required even less observance than his religion there was no real dichotomy in this .
politically he was constitutionally blue but emotionally pink , but as his politics [] even less observance than his religion there was no real dichotomy in this .

He engaged Jonathan Otley to do the scientific work necessary for his guide books , and John Gough made the botanical notes required .
he engaged jonathan otley to do the scientific work necessary for his guide books , and john gough made the botanical notes [] .

 Such improvements required not only the consent of the Governors of Greenwich Hospital , but also of Parliament .
 such improvements [] not only the consent of the governors of greenwich hospital , but also of parliament .

Since 1975 , pension schemes have been required by law to give equal access to men and women , but not equal benefits ; and the regulations of the scheme must not discriminate directly against an employee 's age or length of service needed to qualify for joining .
since 1975 , pension schemes have been [] by law to give equal access to men and women , but not equal benefits ; and the regulations of the scheme must not discriminate directly against an employee 's age or length of service needed to qualify for joining .

Please state the date , time , number and price of tickets required .
please state the date , time , number and price of tickets [] .

Even in her naivety she realised what was required of her .
even in her naivety she realised what was [] of her .

The talk was that those good enough to pass the special high standards required by the regiment , would receive wings and special regalia , which was sure to appeal to the ladies .
the talk was that those good enough to pass the special high standards [] by the regiment , would receive wings and special regalia , which was sure to appeal to the ladies .

Out of the fifty odd men left , only about thirty would be required to unload the Russian ship , big as she was .
out of the fifty odd men left , only about thirty would be [] to unload the russian ship , big as she was .

Printed information in books , bibliographies and guides has the advantage that it is available for use , as and when required .
printed information in books , bibliographies and guides has the advantage that it is available for use , as and when [] .

Short printed leaflets , such as pathfinders , subject guides or topical guides on subjects of current interest can be made available for use as and when required .
short printed leaflets , such as pathfinders , subject guides or topical guides on subjects of current interest can be made available for use as and when [] .

This interview was typical of the situation described by several students . The students , both in this series of interviews , and in another pre-structured evaluation interview , said that the main advantage of the course in information retrieval had been to give them an overall , systematic view of scientific information flow , which helped them to understand how to look for the information they required :
this interview was typical of the situation described by several students . the students , both in this series of interviews , and in another pre-structured evaluation interview , said that the main advantage of the course in information retrieval had been to give them an overall , systematic view of scientific information flow , which helped them to understand how to look for the information they [] :

To enable an end-user to carry out online information searches , either himself or with the help of an intermediary , within his own subject field , as , and when , required in connection with information needs .
to enable an end-user to carry out online information searches , either himself or with the help of an intermediary , within his own subject field , as , and when , [] in connection with information needs .

Printed material , available in many forms , has the advantage that it is available for use , as and when required .
printed material , available in many forms , has the advantage that it is available for use , as and when [] .

Although the cost of acquiring television advertising might be obviated by the facility of free air time through public service announcements in some countries , considerable resources are still required to produce the content .
although the cost of acquiring television advertising might be obviated by the facility of free air time through public service announcements in some countries , considerable resources are still [] to produce the content .

If they do not , then some research is required to find out why .
if they do not , then some research is [] to find out why .

Nevertheless , if it is doubtful that a patient will keep his first appointment , or if more information about his home circumstances is required , it may be helpful to start therapy at home and continue in outpatients .
nevertheless , if it is doubtful that a patient will keep his first appointment , or if more information about his home circumstances is [] , it may be helpful to start therapy at home and continue in outpatients .

Through careful disentanglement of the patient 's problems the action that is required to tackle his difficulties often becomes clearer .
through careful disentanglement of the patient 's problems the action that is [] to tackle his difficulties often becomes clearer .

Phenothiazine treatment will be required for the patient with an acute schizophrenic illness .
phenothiazine treatment will be [] for the patient with an acute schizophrenic illness .

Early evidence supporting psychiatric intervention came from non-randomized , retrospective studies ( Greer and Bagley 1971 ; Kennedy 1972 ) , and more work is required to establish which patients are likely to benefit from psychiatric care .
early evidence supporting psychiatric intervention came from non-randomized , retrospective studies ( greer and bagley 1971 ; kennedy 1972 ) , and more work is [] to establish which patients are likely to benefit from psychiatric care .

No differences between medical teams and psychiatrists were found , and the authors suggested that the official policy should be changed to allow physicians to decide in all cases whether a psychiatric opinion was required .
no differences between medical teams and psychiatrists were found , and the authors suggested that the official policy should be changed to allow physicians to decide in all cases whether a psychiatric opinion was [] .

Day-patient attendance can often be a very useful alternative , particularly when the patient is still experiencing serious difficulties in the absence of adequate support and when frequent contact is required .
day-patient attendance can often be a very useful alternative , particularly when the patient is still experiencing serious difficulties in the absence of adequate support and when frequent contact is [] .

There must always be an opportunity for psychiatric inpatient care when required .
there must always be an opportunity for psychiatric inpatient care when [] .

Apart from a general improvement in clinical services , further research is required to evaluate the effectiveness of different methods of managing patients after they have left hospital .
apart from a general improvement in clinical services , further research is [] to evaluate the effectiveness of different methods of managing patients after they have left hospital .

Further work is required to find new therapeutic methods for men .
further work is [] to find new therapeutic methods for men .

You have a right to wear saris , turbans or any clothing required by your race or religion .
you have a right to wear saris , turbans or any clothing [] by your race or religion .

This section gives a detailed breakdown of what may be required in your daily work .
this section gives a detailed breakdown of what may be [] in your daily work .

Take soiled linen to the laundry and launder , if required .
take soiled linen to the laundry and launder , if [] .

Prepare the body for viewing , if required .
prepare the body for viewing , if [] .

We have hairdressing Tuesday and Thursday mornings and chiropody when it 's required  it depends how many people need their feet seen to .
we have hairdressing tuesday and thursday mornings and chiropody when it 's []  it depends how many people need their feet seen to .

Boys learn how to fight and handle guns , and have the strength required to break into houses .
boys learn how to fight and handle guns , and have the strength [] to break into houses .

Paton shared Smith 's belief that young people should be kept under the influence of the Church and that they required discipline and order .
paton shared smith 's belief that young people should be kept under the influence of the church and that they [] discipline and order .

Consequently , the emphasis on  doing  fitted in with the Idealist view that proper citizenship required purposeful , moral actions .
consequently , the emphasis on  doing  fitted in with the idealist view that proper citizenship [] purposeful , moral actions .

Members were required to realize that  rules have to be obeyed and that obedience is a necessary virtue  .
members were [] to realize that  rules have to be obeyed and that obedience is a necessary virtue  .

Consequently , the  visitors  and  guardians  usually settled for any occupation that required  some training which offered a prospect of continuous employment , and which fulfils the other desirable conditions  .
consequently , the  visitors  and  guardians  usually settled for any occupation that []  some training which offered a prospect of continuous employment , and which fulfils the other desirable conditions  .

To this extent , in establishing the service , certain governmental and educational authorities were signalling with all the pomp and circumstance of legislation that youth did constitute a separate and , in important respects , an immature source of labour which required special treatment .
to this extent , in establishing the service , certain governmental and educational authorities were signalling with all the pomp and circumstance of legislation that youth did constitute a separate and , in important respects , an immature source of labour which [] special treatment .

Such a development required a strong defence , and the point to which they referred time and time again was that  modern conditions  made it imperative that education be structured into a coherent national system , with special attention being paid to working-class youth , not merely to trade classes for apprentices , but to the mass of young workers .
such a development [] a strong defence , and the point to which they referred time and time again was that  modern conditions  made it imperative that education be structured into a coherent national system , with special attention being paid to working-class youth , not merely to trade classes for apprentices , but to the mass of young workers .

Modern society , he said , no longer required either the nineteenth-century intellectual or the  perfect individual  of German classicism , but rather the citizen who was a member of a community , and whose education had turned him into a  social being  .
modern society , he said , no longer [] either the nineteenth-century intellectual or the  perfect individual  of german classicism , but rather the citizen who was a member of a community , and whose education had turned him into a  social being  .

By  practical  , Kerschensteiner had in mind drawing , modelling , knowledge of materials and tools , and so on , as required by particular trades , which was to be accompanied by practical civic training , such as a degree of self-government in the school and organizing social activities , together with theoretical instruction in civics and hygiene .
by  practical  , kerschensteiner had in mind drawing , modelling , knowledge of materials and tools , and so on , as [] by particular trades , which was to be accompanied by practical civic training , such as a degree of self-government in the school and organizing social activities , together with theoretical instruction in civics and hygiene .

He then added :  What is required of the low-skilled worker is that he shall be energetic , intelligent , careful , resourceful , trustworthy and adaptable .
he then added :  what is [] of the low-skilled worker is that he shall be energetic , intelligent , careful , resourceful , trustworthy and adaptable .

In the case of unskilled labour , Bray criticized the assumption that it required no training and made no demand on  skill  : this was  a grave mistake  .
in the case of unskilled labour , bray criticized the assumption that it [] no training and made no demand on  skill  : this was  a grave mistake  .

Such labour also required intelligence , together with  manual training and practice  .
such labour also [] intelligence , together with  manual training and practice  .

On the contrary , one of its chief characteristics is to sieve out the workers into grades according to the degree in which they possess the required kinds of ability and alertness .
on the contrary , one of its chief characteristics is to sieve out the workers into grades according to the degree in which they possess the [] kinds of ability and alertness .

Conformity was required only in the most general of senses .
conformity was [] only in the most general of senses .

When a payment is required to be made to a third party ( trader , government , etc . )
when a payment is [] to be made to a third party ( trader , government , etc . )

No time restriction or withdrawal notice is required .
no time restriction or withdrawal notice is [] .

Financial intermediaries thus acquire direct financial claims on borrowers and generate the required secondary financial claims to meet the surplus sector 's needs .
financial intermediaries thus acquire direct financial claims on borrowers and generate the [] secondary financial claims to meet the surplus sector 's needs .

Why are financial intermediaries required in an economy ?
why are financial intermediaries [] in an economy ?

The World Bank has estimated that up to $ 8 bil per annum is required to be invested in the agricultural sector of LDCs .
the world bank has estimated that up to $ 8 bil per annum is [] to be invested in the agricultural sector of ldcs .

Military expenditure required to be reduced with resultant savings being utilised to improve the world 's environment and health services .
military expenditure [] to be reduced with resultant savings being utilised to improve the world 's environment and health services .

Stable exchange rates were regarded as absolutely essential to reduce LDCs ' economic management problems and better adjustment mechanisms were required to share the burden of external imbalances between deficit and surplus countries .
stable exchange rates were regarded as absolutely essential to reduce ldcs ' economic management problems and better adjustment mechanisms were [] to share the burden of external imbalances between deficit and surplus countries .

Thereafter , a review of the foreign exchange market is required to explain how it operates , including bank involvement and the significance of spot and forward exchange rates .
thereafter , a review of the foreign exchange market is [] to explain how it operates , including bank involvement and the significance of spot and forward exchange rates .

The importer is generally required to pay up to 20 per cent of the contract 's price out of his own resources .
the importer is generally [] to pay up to 20 per cent of the contract 's price out of his own resources .

In the final analysis it must be recognised that the ECMs are demand determined , their ability to provide large loans quickly and efficiently as required by banks , multinational corporations and governments being the main justification for their existence .
in the final analysis it must be recognised that the ecms are demand determined , their ability to provide large loans quickly and efficiently as [] by banks , multinational corporations and governments being the main justification for their existence .

To this can be added funds required for portfolio ( share/bond ) investment and direct investment in projects and joint ventures by domestic and multinational corporations .
to this can be added funds [] for portfolio ( share/bond ) investment and direct investment in projects and joint ventures by domestic and multinational corporations .

Most countries seek to preserve their international credit rating , as long-term loans are required to finance economic development .
most countries seek to preserve their international credit rating , as long-term loans are [] to finance economic development .

Some bank loans are provided in the form of a standby-credit or commitment which means a bank will provide funds if required to do so over a stated period , either on a fixed or floating rate basis .
some bank loans are provided in the form of a standby-credit or commitment which means a bank will provide funds if [] to do so over a stated period , either on a fixed or floating rate basis .

Sometimes grace periods are granted which means that no repayment of the loan 's principal is required for the first few years .
sometimes grace periods are granted which means that no repayment of the loan 's principal is [] for the first few years .

Although the agent bank may have power to renegotiate the loan contract , a consensus is required on any major adjustments relating to interest and repayment , e.g .
although the agent bank may have power to renegotiate the loan contract , a consensus is [] on any major adjustments relating to interest and repayment , e.g .

In these cases a more systematic approach is required , and , certainly in all the companies included in this study , a system of corporate planning is usually used to prepare corporate plans .
in these cases a more systematic approach is [] , and , certainly in all the companies included in this study , a system of corporate planning is usually used to prepare corporate plans .

It is clear that all participants in the planning process will require information , although of different types , and the amount required by each level will depend on the type of planning management .
it is clear that all participants in the planning process will require information , although of different types , and the amount [] by each level will depend on the type of planning management .

As noted in Section 5.1.3 , financial information is required by planners at the corporate level .
as noted in section 5.1.3 , financial information is [] by planners at the corporate level .

One does not store statistics at all ; if statistics are ever required they are obtained from one of the business divisions .
one does not store statistics at all ; if statistics are ever [] they are obtained from one of the business divisions .

It is decided in advance what information is required , for example which companies and which business areas , and this information is regularly reviewed .
it is decided in advance what information is [] , for example which companies and which business areas , and this information is regularly reviewed .

Significantly , the statutorily required information compilations emanating from these bodies for the most part appear in a defined physical format :
significantly , the statutorily [] information compilations emanating from these bodies for the most part appear in a defined physical format :

The required logical format of these publications arises from their statutory nature .
the [] logical format of these publications arises from their statutory nature .

However ,  players  do not confine themselves to releasing into the public domain  required  publications . They will also seek to influence public and corporate opinion by generating other publicly available information via :
however ,  players  do not confine themselves to releasing into the public domain  []  publications . they will also seek to influence public and corporate opinion by generating other publicly available information via :

In contrast to most of the statutorily required information , the information produced by these  commentators  , and the information from the players that they are not legally required to release , but have chosen to do so voluntarily , can appear in a large number of logical documentary formats :
in contrast to most of the statutorily [] information , the information produced by these  commentators  , and the information from the players that they are not legally [] to release , but have chosen to do so voluntarily , can appear in a large number of logical documentary formats :

Indeed , if superbly well written , it may contain everything that is required .
indeed , if superbly well written , it may contain everything that is [] .

If we examine the parish registers from 1763 onwards ( from which date the principals and witnesses were required to  sign  their names ) it will be apparent that up to 1830 more than half the bridegrooms could not write and nearly three-quarters of the brides were devoid of the skill .
if we examine the parish registers from 1763 onwards ( from which date the principals and witnesses were [] to  sign  their names ) it will be apparent that up to 1830 more than half the bridegrooms could not write and nearly three-quarters of the brides were devoid of the skill .

Employment in the formal sector has stagnated , and where opportunities are available , school-leavers often do not have the specific skills required .
employment in the formal sector has stagnated , and where opportunities are available , school-leavers often do not have the specific skills [] .

Even for those who reach the last year of secondary school , only about 50 per cent pass the matriculation exam , and only a handful achieve the higher grade of  matric exemption  which is required for university entrance .
even for those who reach the last year of secondary school , only about 50 per cent pass the matriculation exam , and only a handful achieve the higher grade of  matric exemption  which is [] for university entrance .

So they are required constantly to compromise .
so they are [] constantly to compromise .

You will also be required to see to the boiling of water for tea when a tea-meeting is held and the washing up of the delf , etc , afterwards .
you will also be [] to see to the boiling of water for tea when a tea-meeting is held and the washing up of the delf , etc , afterwards .

for children 's ability to concentrate and thus benefit from school , as well as for the self-discipline required to achieve success in a chosen field of endeavour ;
for children 's ability to concentrate and thus benefit from school , as well as for the self-discipline [] to achieve success in a chosen field of endeavour ;

If you are sure he/she understands what is required , do n't argue , do n't keep repeating yourself .
if you are sure he/she understands what is [] , do n't argue , do n't keep repeating yourself .

Gradually you make your standards ( criteria ) of your child 's approximations to the correct response more and more stringent until , in the end , he is rewarded only for the precise behaviour that is required .
gradually you make your standards ( criteria ) of your child 's approximations to the correct response more and more stringent until , in the end , he is rewarded only for the precise behaviour that is [] .

For example , a child who steals and breaks another youngster 's penknife is required to save up enough money not only to replace the knife , but also to buy a small gift betokening regret .
for example , a child who steals and breaks another youngster 's penknife is [] to save up enough money not only to replace the knife , but also to buy a small gift betokening regret .

His release from time-out required that he quieten down and comply with the original request on his return .
his release from time-out [] that he quieten down and comply with the original request on his return .

In London and Birmingham particularly , regional policy since 1945 may have hastened this decentralization of industry as industrial-development certificates were required from central government before larger manufacturing developments could be implemented .
in london and birmingham particularly , regional policy since 1945 may have hastened this decentralization of industry as industrial-development certificates were [] from central government before larger manufacturing developments could be implemented .

For many years industrial developments had required central-government approval , a mechanism designed to help employment relocate to the less prosperous regions , away from the South East and the West Midlands .
for many years industrial developments had [] central-government approval , a mechanism designed to help employment relocate to the less prosperous regions , away from the south east and the west midlands .

Government approval has been increasingly required for minor projects , which normally can not generate income .
government approval has been increasingly [] for minor projects , which normally can not generate income .

Provided certain standards , such as height , access and land use were met , planning approval would not be required .
provided certain standards , such as height , access and land use were met , planning approval would not be [] .

This suggests that each of the 200,000 hectares developed by 1986 had required almost 200,000 of public expenditure .
this suggests that each of the 200,000 hectares developed by 1986 had [] almost 200,000 of public expenditure .

Individual applications for development will not be required if the proposal is compatible with overall regulations .
individual applications for development will not be [] if the proposal is compatible with overall regulations .

In the 1970s they had been required to obtain land for future projects , and they could hardly have been expected ?
in the 1970s they had been [] to obtain land for future projects , and they could hardly have been expected ?

Have they pursued pragmatic , ad hoc programmes of action when longer-term strategic planning was required ?
have they pursued pragmatic , ad hoc programmes of action when longer-term strategic planning was [] ?

Districts are , however , required to consult with counties over  matters of concern  .
districts are , however , [] to consult with counties over  matters of concern  .

Green Belt functions were transferred to the lower tier authorities who are now required to prepare unitary development plans for their areas .
green belt functions were transferred to the lower tier authorities who are now [] to prepare unitary development plans for their areas .

Local authorities are required to consult the Department of the Environment or Welsh Office before taking decisions on shopping schemes over 250,000 sq ft .
local authorities are [] to consult the department of the environment or welsh office before taking decisions on shopping schemes over 250,000 sq ft .

In 1929 the work of a cub reporter on a small town daily newspaper occupied his time from early morning until often late at night , seven days a week  in other words whenever something newsworthy was happening it had to be covered , and there were no limits to the time spent or the hours required to adequately cover any given assignment .
in 1929 the work of a cub reporter on a small town daily newspaper occupied his time from early morning until often late at night , seven days a week  in other words whenever something newsworthy was happening it had to be covered , and there were no limits to the time spent or the hours [] to adequately cover any given assignment .

Of course , more work is required to obtain smoother results , and this is an important consideration when doing calculations by hand .
of course , more work is [] to obtain smoother results , and this is an important consideration when doing calculations by hand .

Plot the data first , as arithmetic smoothing may not be required .
plot the data first , as arithmetic smoothing may not be [] .

Pass through the data , recording medians of three as many times as required .
pass through the data , recording medians of three as many times as [] .

In practice , we first form a column of skip means alongside the values to be smoothed and then form a column of the required smoothed values .
in practice , we first form a column of skip means alongside the values to be smoothed and then form a column of the [] smoothed values .

Many of the techniques of exploratory data analysis require the repetition of procedures to converge on a fit that minimizes the residuals ; this can make the techniques rather laborious , but it is one side of the trade-off required to get methods of analysis which are resistant to outliers .
many of the techniques of exploratory data analysis require the repetition of procedures to converge on a fit that minimizes the residuals ; this can make the techniques rather laborious , but it is one side of the trade-off [] to get methods of analysis which are resistant to outliers .

The curvy pattern in figure 11.11 was very clear , but sometimes , when the relationship is not so strong , it is hard for the eye to tell if a transformation is required .
the curvy pattern in figure 11.11 was very clear , but sometimes , when the relationship is not so strong , it is hard for the eye to tell if a transformation is [] .

Summarize the distribution in both batches . Is a power transformation required ? How well do the immigrant and native suicide rates correspond to the native Australian suicide rate of 16.1 ?
summarize the distribution in both batches . is a power transformation [] ? how well do the immigrant and native suicide rates correspond to the native australian suicide rate of 16.1 ?

The type of answer required will be given by the answerer 's perception of what it is that is making the questioner curious .
the type of answer [] will be given by the answerer 's perception of what it is that is making the questioner curious .

Assumptions required to infer causes
assumptions [] to infer causes

Be sure to remember how poor lay reasoning about causation is : not to even try to collect the data required to test a hypothesis about the relationship between smoking and lung cancer would be to leave the doors open only to those who jump to conclusions on the basis of a sample of one .
be sure to remember how poor lay reasoning about causation is : not to even try to collect the data [] to test a hypothesis about the relationship between smoking and lung cancer would be to leave the doors open only to those who jump to conclusions on the basis of a sample of one .

If not , a new selection process was required : all the adults in the household were listed and one was selected at random ; this happened in 30 per cent of households .
if not , a new selection process was [] : all the adults in the household were listed and one was selected at random ; this happened in 30 per cent of households .

As World resources 19881989 ( World Resources Institute 1988 ) points out , development of this type was initially considered to be more advantageous than other types of agriculture because it required relatively little new infrastracture , it could utilise abundant available labour and there was an expanding North American market for cheap pasture-reared beef .
as world resources 19881989 ( world resources institute 1988 ) points out , development of this type was initially considered to be more advantageous than other types of agriculture because it [] relatively little new infrastracture , it could utilise abundant available labour and there was an expanding north american market for cheap pasture-reared beef .

In addition , an expanding Kingston required increasing amounts of fruit and market garden produce which are currently the main products .
in addition , an expanding kingston [] increasing amounts of fruit and market garden produce which are currently the main products .

Denis Law was on hand with a blanket and presented the shivering Johnstone with the commodity he least required : a glass of hot whisky .
denis law was on hand with a blanket and presented the shivering johnstone with the commodity he least [] : a glass of hot whisky .

By this time Pat McCluskey 's sense of balance was not of the required athletic standard and the police were called .
by this time pat mccluskey 's sense of balance was not of the [] athletic standard and the police were called .

The number of sample points required accurately to copy a straight line is much less ( 2 ) than that required for a curve or complex line feature ( > > 2 ) .
the number of sample points [] accurately to copy a straight line is much less ( 2 ) than that [] for a curve or complex line feature ( > > 2 ) .

This problem arises because each grid cell can only have a single attribute value and because the chosen grid dimensions are too large to resolve the spatial detail required .
this problem arises because each grid cell can only have a single attribute value and because the chosen grid dimensions are too large to resolve the spatial detail [] .

Again this can be reduced by using a finer grid , but problems with the increased amount of data storage required still occur .
again this can be reduced by using a finer grid , but problems with the increased amount of data storage [] still occur .

Research in methods for cartographic display of errors , and the setting of statistical confidence limits of databases , are particularly required  ( Walsh et al .
research in methods for cartographic display of errors , and the setting of statistical confidence limits of databases , are particularly []  ( walsh et al .

However , reducing the raster size from 100 to 25 mapunits increases the disc space required to store the raster files by a factor of 16 as well as increasing processing times .
however , reducing the raster size from 100 to 25 mapunits increases the disc space [] to store the raster files by a factor of 16 as well as increasing processing times .

To model the dispersal of a plume of toxic gas generated by a chemical explosion and its impact on the surrounding area , for example , an understanding of atmospheric dispersion models , epidemiology and population distribution would be required .
to model the dispersal of a plume of toxic gas generated by a chemical explosion and its impact on the surrounding area , for example , an understanding of atmospheric dispersion models , epidemiology and population distribution would be [] .

Second , family health service authorities ( FHSAs ) , are also required to take on these roles , but from the viewpoint of primary health care services .
second , family health service authorities ( fhsas ) , are also [] to take on these roles , but from the viewpoint of primary health care services .

The total cost of the scheme would be 585,000 which included 60,000 for the Foreign Office , required during that year , and 30,000 for its site .
the total cost of the scheme would be 585,000 which included 60,000 for the foreign office , [] during that year , and 30,000 for its site .

On 31st July , the House of Commons , sitting as a Committee of Supply , was asked to vote the 90,000 required for the new Foreign Office .
on 31st july , the house of commons , sitting as a committee of supply , was asked to vote the 90,000 [] for the new foreign office .

On 25th February , Pennethorne received a letter from Hall saying that all that was required was a  probationary sketch  , as the project offered a good opportunity for an architectural competition .
on 25th february , pennethorne received a letter from hall saying that all that was [] was a  probationary sketch  , as the project offered a good opportunity for an architectural competition .

Because of the urgent need for the new accommodation , the designs were required within six weeks , and each competitor who submitted would receive 100 guineas .
because of the urgent need for the new accommodation , the designs were [] within six weeks , and each competitor who submitted would receive 100 guineas .

On 19th August , 1856 , Hall sent identical letters to Clarendon and Panmure , saying that he had directed Hunt to prepare the instructions for the competition , and asked the Secretaries of State to appoint a representative from each of their departments to give Hunt the  extent and kind of accommodation required  .
on 19th august , 1856 , hall sent identical letters to clarendon and panmure , saying that he had directed hunt to prepare the instructions for the competition , and asked the secretaries of state to appoint a representative from each of their departments to give hunt the  extent and kind of accommodation []  .

 was a list of rooms required by the Foreign Office ; and under  Design , No .
 was a list of rooms [] by the foreign office ; and under  design , no .

Hammond had supplied Hunt with the superficial areas of the rooms he required , but he inexplicably changed these to dimensions , although a note did say that  dimensions of the several rooms may be varied , provided the superficial area of each is not materially altered  .
hammond had supplied hunt with the superficial areas of the rooms he [] , but he inexplicably changed these to dimensions , although a note did say that  dimensions of the several rooms may be varied , provided the superficial area of each is not materially altered  .

As both organizations were undergoing far-reaching reforms , a tightly specified brief was not required and , in the event , it seems to have been changes in the Foreign Office structure which led to the abandonment of that part of the competition .
as both organizations were undergoing far-reaching reforms , a tightly specified brief was not [] and , in the event , it seems to have been changes in the foreign office structure which led to the abandonment of that part of the competition .

So within a fortnight of launching the competition , it appeared that two-thirds of it were not required , and the premiums had been offered without authority .
so within a fortnight of launching the competition , it appeared that two-thirds of it were not [] , and the premiums had been offered without authority .

This crossed with Trevelyan 's letter , so he wrote again on 12th December , pointing out that the 30,000 voted by Parliament was only for a portion of the site authorized and that an additional 80,000 would be required to purchase the whole area .
this crossed with trevelyan 's letter , so he wrote again on 12th december , pointing out that the 30,000 voted by parliament was only for a portion of the site authorized and that an additional 80,000 would be [] to purchase the whole area .

examine with reference to their general compliance with these conditions , the several drawings bearing the numbers given in the enclosed list ; and to prepare a statement , giving first the Conditions which they assume to be required in the cases of each of the three classes of designs and secondly , showing whether any and which of the several sets of drawings selected fail to comply with such conditions ; and also in what respect , and to what extent , these conditions are neglected or departed from .
examine with reference to their general compliance with these conditions , the several drawings bearing the numbers given in the enclosed list ; and to prepare a statement , giving first the conditions which they assume to be [] in the cases of each of the three classes of designs and secondly , showing whether any and which of the several sets of drawings selected fail to comply with such conditions ; and also in what respect , and to what extent , these conditions are neglected or departed from .

Secondly , that it did not conform to Hammond 's latest requirements , but then neither did any of the competitors ' schemes ; and thirdly , that the Committee had doubts about the accuracy of Pennethorne 's estimate , yet no estimate was required from the competitors .
secondly , that it did not conform to hammond 's latest requirements , but then neither did any of the competitors ' schemes ; and thirdly , that the committee had doubts about the accuracy of pennethorne 's estimate , yet no estimate was [] from the competitors .

Hunt reported on 14th December , 1858 that he had found that the site was just adequate , but he could not make a precise calculation until the accommodation requirements had been considered further by the India Office and the space required by the Foreign Office had been settled .
hunt reported on 14th december , 1858 that he had found that the site was just adequate , but he could not make a precise calculation until the accommodation requirements had been considered further by the india office and the space [] by the foreign office had been settled .

But Wyatt was known to have leanings towards classical architecture , and by choosing Scott after his intentions for the Foreign Office were well known , Stanley indicated that he also required a Gothic building .
but wyatt was known to have leanings towards classical architecture , and by choosing scott after his intentions for the foreign office were well known , stanley indicated that he also [] a gothic building .

If Scott had been selected because he was second for both the War Office and the Foreign Office , now that the War Office is no longer required , then surely his claim is now reduced .
if scott had been selected because he was second for both the war office and the foreign office , now that the war office is no longer [] , then surely his claim is now reduced .

Lewis claimed that the Opposition had forced Palmerston 's Government to abandon the Bill to purchase all the land required for the competition schemes , and Pennethorne 's scheme fitted the limited area owned by the Government .
lewis claimed that the opposition had forced palmerston 's government to abandon the bill to purchase all the land [] for the competition schemes , and pennethorne 's scheme fitted the limited area owned by the government .

In a Supply Debate on the following Thursday , 4th August , the House sitting as a Committee were asked by the Government to vote the 30,000 required for foundations , and 100,000 to purchase land authorized under Manners ' Act .
in a supply debate on the following thursday , 4th august , the house sitting as a committee were asked by the government to vote the 30,000 [] for foundations , and 100,000 to purchase land authorized under manners ' act .

The architect should be told exactly what is required and made to follow instructions .
the architect should be told exactly what is [] and made to follow instructions .

To make an aluminium can from recycled material uses only 5 % of the energy required to make a  new  can .
to make an aluminium can from recycled material uses only 5 % of the energy [] to make a  new  can .

Injuries due to accidents they say , even if minor , are distressing events for children , parents and carers and great skill and tact are required during the follow-up period because parents often continue to feel guilty , anxious and defensive .
injuries due to accidents they say , even if minor , are distressing events for children , parents and carers and great skill and tact are [] during the follow-up period because parents often continue to feel guilty , anxious and defensive .

For instance , the body has many reserve capacities which ensure that vital functions can continue even when an organ is injured or diseased : there is more lung tissue than is normally required , there is reserve liver tissue , there are two kidneys , eyes and ears .
for instance , the body has many reserve capacities which ensure that vital functions can continue even when an organ is injured or diseased : there is more lung tissue than is normally [] , there is reserve liver tissue , there are two kidneys , eyes and ears .

Only a small amount of new tissue is required to fill the gap .
only a small amount of new tissue is [] to fill the gap .

repair by second intention occurs when a considerable amount of tissue has been lost and the wound edges can not be approximated ; a mass of new tissue is required to fill the gap .
repair by second intention occurs when a considerable amount of tissue has been lost and the wound edges can not be approximated ; a mass of new tissue is [] to fill the gap .

So too does the provision of emergency services ( such as the fire service ) which are sufficiently well-equipped and manned to respond promptly and effectively when required .
so too does the provision of emergency services ( such as the fire service ) which are sufficiently well-equipped and manned to respond promptly and effectively when [] .

It is important to establish empathy with patients who have visual problems in order to discover what they might find helpful , and what is required for independence to be maintained or regained .
it is important to establish empathy with patients who have visual problems in order to discover what they might find helpful , and what is [] for independence to be maintained or regained .

Walking boldly into a room may be indicative of a feeling of wellbeing ; on the other hand it may be conveying a mood of anger , so analysis of further cues is required to differentiate .
walking boldly into a room may be indicative of a feeling of wellbeing ; on the other hand it may be conveying a mood of anger , so analysis of further cues is [] to differentiate .

If the diagnosis is uncertain and an array of diagnostic tests is required , then the patient is bound to be anxious both about the tests and the potential results , and inevitably , is worried if surgery is prescribed .
if the diagnosis is uncertain and an array of diagnostic tests is [] , then the patient is bound to be anxious both about the tests and the potential results , and inevitably , is worried if surgery is prescribed .

It must be recognised , however , that for some people , touching would be an unacceptable invasion of personal privacy ( Turton , 1989 ) , and skill is required to detect this reservation , especially when the person has reduced personal independence .
it must be recognised , however , that for some people , touching would be an unacceptable invasion of personal privacy ( turton , 1989 ) , and skill is [] to detect this reservation , especially when the person has reduced personal independence .

Every nurse needs to develop psychological and social skills as well as manual skills in order to maintain an effective nurse/patient relationship while the patient requires it ; and these skills are also required to relinquish the relationship when appropriate .
every nurse needs to develop psychological and social skills as well as manual skills in order to maintain an effective nurse/patient relationship while the patient requires it ; and these skills are also [] to relinquish the relationship when appropriate .

Inter-professional communication is required and Pearson ( 1985 ) enlarges on the importance of information exchange between nurses and other members of the health team .
inter-professional communication is [] and pearson ( 1985 ) enlarges on the importance of information exchange between nurses and other members of the health team .

But in Using a Model for Nursing ( Roper et al , 1983 ) , the third year student nurse contributing to the study in a surgical ward , commented that the model approach helped her to appreciate the need for planned discharge goals ; even when admitting the patient , she was alerted to consider what the patient required to know on discharge in order to resume her usual Activities of Living .
but in using a model for nursing ( roper et al , 1983 ) , the third year student nurse contributing to the study in a surgical ward , commented that the model approach helped her to appreciate the need for planned discharge goals ; even when admitting the patient , she was alerted to consider what the patient [] to know on discharge in order to resume her usual activities of living .

Chisnell ( 1988 ) followed 50 post-surgery patients who required the services of district nurses following discharge from hospital , and communication with community staff certainly had improved for this small sample .
chisnell ( 1988 ) followed 50 post-surgery patients who [] the services of district nurses following discharge from hospital , and communication with community staff certainly had improved for this small sample .

She concludes that a mix of information-giving , teaching techniques and counselling may be required for any one patient .
she concludes that a mix of information-giving , teaching techniques and counselling may be [] for any one patient .

Appropriate knowledge and communication skills ( information-giving , teaching , counselling ) are required for these activities and skill is needed also to decide which communication approach is relevant to the circumstances .
appropriate knowledge and communication skills ( information-giving , teaching , counselling ) are [] for these activities and skill is needed also to decide which communication approach is relevant to the circumstances .

When it is relevant , great sensitivity is required in eliciting such information and telling patients how it helps in planning their nursing .
when it is relevant , great sensitivity is [] in eliciting such information and telling patients how it helps in planning their nursing .

respect confidential information obtained in the course of professional practice and refrain from disclosing such information without the consent of the patient/client or a person entitled to act on his/her behalf except where disclosure is required by law or by order of a court , or is necessary in the public interest .
respect confidential information obtained in the course of professional practice and refrain from disclosing such information without the consent of the patient/client or a person entitled to act on his/her behalf except where disclosure is [] by law or by order of a court , or is necessary in the public interest .

Sometimes the required information is about what tests are going to be performed and why ; the results of tests ; the medical diagnosis , particularly if , for example , heart disease or cancer are suspected ; how long to expect to be away from work and so on .
sometimes the [] information is about what tests are going to be performed and why ; the results of tests ; the medical diagnosis , particularly if , for example , heart disease or cancer are suspected ; how long to expect to be away from work and so on .

Quite simply , these are times when there is more healing to be done , more effort is required by the natural healing powers to maintain order or to put it slightly differently , it is no longer possible for a balance and harmony to be sustained without the production of symptoms of disease .
quite simply , these are times when there is more healing to be done , more effort is [] by the natural healing powers to maintain order or to put it slightly differently , it is no longer possible for a balance and harmony to be sustained without the production of symptoms of disease .

In constitutional treatment , a much greater insight into what is happening and the significance of the symptoms is required , that is as to what constitutes the totality of the disease for which a most similar remedy is required .
in constitutional treatment , a much greater insight into what is happening and the significance of the symptoms is [] , that is as to what constitutes the totality of the disease for which a most similar remedy is [] .

More information on Mentals and Generals is given in the Materia Medica section towards the end of the book , which covers the most commonly required remedies .
more information on mentals and generals is given in the materia medica section towards the end of the book , which covers the most commonly [] remedies .

Wash out liquid irritants immediately , usually copious clean water is required , and seek advice without delay .
wash out liquid irritants immediately , usually copious clean water is [] , and seek advice without delay .

The first two are the most commonly required .
the first two are the most commonly [] .

It is frequently required in measles .
it is frequently [] in measles .

In preschools and kindergartens , behaviorist tenets were used to justify large-group drill on letters , numbers , and general knowledge as well as repetitive worksheet practice that required young children to sit at their desks for long periods , lling in blanks , coloring within the lines , and otherwise following teacher prescriptions .
in preschools and kindergartens , behaviorist tenets were used to justify large-group drill on letters , numbers , and general knowledge as well as repetitive worksheet practice that [] young children to sit at their desks for long periods , lling in blanks , coloring within the lines , and otherwise following teacher prescriptions .

Older children in preliterate communities who fail Piagetian tasks display other impressive cognitive capacitiesones required by and promoted in their culture .
older children in preliterate communities who fail piagetian tasks display other impressive cognitive capacitiesones [] by and promoted in their culture .

Cracks in the oor planks and in the log walls permitted various pests to enter , so Rosie battled bedbugs , grasshoppers , and ants , which required frequent searches of the house with a kettle of hot water in one hand and a can of kerosene and a feather in the other .
cracks in the oor planks and in the log walls permitted various pests to enter , so rosie battled bedbugs , grasshoppers , and ants , which [] frequent searches of the house with a kettle of hot water in one hand and a can of kerosene and a feather in the other .

As the child  s understanding and performance improve , less intervention is required .
as the child  s understanding and performance improve , less intervention is [] .

Because ne-tuned scaolding is seldom required , adultchild participation in everyday routines and dutiespreparing a meal , washing dishes , raking and bagging leaves in the garden , buying groceriesoers extra time for conversation , with all its attendant benets .
because ne-tuned scaolding is seldom [] , adultchild participation in everyday routines and dutiespreparing a meal , washing dishes , raking and bagging leaves in the garden , buying groceriesoers extra time for conversation , with all its attendant benets .

Furthermore , the language skills required to express different points of view , resolve disagreements , and persuade peers to collaborate so play can continue are complex and often subtle .
furthermore , the language skills [] to express different points of view , resolve disagreements , and persuade peers to collaborate so play can continue are complex and often subtle .

The traditional view holds that because manufacturing performance is determined by the labor time required to produce an item , then what applies to cars , for example , can also apply to clothing ; therefore , U.S. apparel manufacturers might be able to save themselves by improving assembly operations.3 After years of studying hundreds of American apparel firms , we have found that direct labor content is not the primary issue .
the traditional view holds that because manufacturing performance is determined by the labor time [] to produce an item , then what applies to cars , for example , can also apply to clothing ; therefore , u.s. apparel manufacturers might be able to save themselves by improving assembly operations.3 after years of studying hundreds of american apparel firms , we have found that direct labor content is not the primary issue .

As recently as 1969 , the dress code at Harvard required undergraduate men to wear a collar , necktie , and jacket in the dining halls ; women had to wear a dress or a skirt and blouse .
as recently as 1969 , the dress code at harvard [] undergraduate men to wear a collar , necktie , and jacket in the dining halls ; women had to wear a dress or a skirt and blouse .

The emphasis on labor productivity that has preoccupied practitioners and analysts in many industriessuch as the total labor minutes required to assemble a carno longer makes as much sense now that information technology has revolutionized retailing in many product segments .
the emphasis on labor productivity that has preoccupied practitioners and analysts in many industriessuch as the total labor minutes [] to assemble a carno longer makes as much sense now that information technology has revolutionized retailing in many product segments .

As we will discuss throughout , many of the capabilities required for this model of competition are new to the apparel industry .
as we will discuss throughout , many of the capabilities [] for this model of competition are new to the apparel industry .

At first , only a few retailers required this , and apparel manufacturers tried to meet these needs with minimal changes in their internal practices .
at first , only a few retailers [] this , and apparel manufacturers tried to meet these needs with minimal changes in their internal practices .

As long as only one or two retailers required rapid replenishment , manufacturers could get away with this type of solution .
as long as only one or two retailers [] rapid replenishment , manufacturers could get away with this type of solution .

Assume that the manufacturing lead timethe amount of time required to go from a production order to a product ready for shipping to retailis less than one week .
assume that the manufacturing lead timethe amount of time [] to go from a production order to a product ready for shipping to retailis less than one week .

The point to keep in mind here is that , compared to a product  s average demand , more popular products required relatively less finished goods inventory than less popular ones .
the point to keep in mind here is that , compared to a product  s average demand , more popular products [] relatively less finished goods inventory than less popular ones .

Less finished goods inventory is required because finished goods can be rapidly replenished after a peak selling week .
less finished goods inventory is [] because finished goods can be rapidly replenished after a peak selling week .

The forecasting and inventory models presented in this chapter are not new ; they have been recommended for years by statisticians and operations researchers.3 However , until the 1990s , retailers had neither the data collection and computing capabilities required to execute these models effectively nor the tremendous impetus to implement them that lean retailing has precipitated .
the forecasting and inventory models presented in this chapter are not new ; they have been recommended for years by statisticians and operations researchers.3 however , until the 1990s , retailers had neither the data collection and computing capabilities [] to execute these models effectively nor the tremendous impetus to implement them that lean retailing has precipitated .

As we  ll see in the next section , doubling the demand uncertainty roughly doubles the amount of finished goods required to provide the same level of product availability in the store .
as we  ll see in the next section , doubling the demand uncertainty roughly doubles the amount of finished goods [] to provide the same level of product availability in the store .

The higher the demand uncertainty , the more safety stock is required to ensure a low probability of stocking out .
the higher the demand uncertainty , the more safety stock is [] to ensure a low probability of stocking out .

By reducing order-fulfillment lead times , lean retailers are able to reduce the level of safety stock required to deal effectively with a given level of demand variation .
by reducing order-fulfillment lead times , lean retailers are able to reduce the level of safety stock [] to deal effectively with a given level of demand variation .

For example , when the coefficient of variation increases from 0.5 to 1.0which would happen if the number of products offered increased by a factor of fourthe amount of finished goods required to provide the desired service level doubles .
for example , when the coefficient of variation increases from 0.5 to 1.0which would happen if the number of products offered increased by a factor of fourthe amount of finished goods [] to provide the desired service level doubles .

Wholesaler-jobber enterprises of the time , such as Field , Leiter and Company in Chicago ( which later became Marshall Field and Company ) , required both a purchasing organization and an extensive traveling sales force to sell to the scattered general stores in smaller cities and country towns .
wholesaler-jobber enterprises of the time , such as field , leiter and company in chicago ( which later became marshall field and company ) , [] both a purchasing organization and an extensive traveling sales force to sell to the scattered general stores in smaller cities and country towns .

It entails better engineering of specific sewing tasks , including some specialized sewing machines , to reduce the amount of time required for each task .
it entails better engineering of specific sewing tasks , including some specialized sewing machines , to reduce the amount of time [] for each task .

Time-study engineers calculate the SAM for an entire garment for an experienced worker as the sum of the number of minutes required for each operation in the production process , including allowances for worker fatigue , rest periods , personal time , and so on .
time-study engineers calculate the sam for an entire garment for an experienced worker as the sum of the number of minutes [] for each operation in the production process , including allowances for worker fatigue , rest periods , personal time , and so on .

Laying out a production line required exact calculation of the number of workers required for a given step to keep single garments moving through the operation continuouslymuch as a car moves down an assembly line .
laying out a production line [] exact calculation of the number of workers [] for a given step to keep single garments moving through the operation continuouslymuch as a car moves down an assembly line .

Cutters required substantial training , and the withdrawal of their labor could quickly shut down all sewing and pressing operations .
cutters [] substantial training , and the withdrawal of their labor could quickly shut down all sewing and pressing operations .

For the ILGWU , standardizing wages required regulation through collective bargaining of the network of contractors and  submanufacturers  working for jobbers and manufacturers .
for the ilgwu , standardizing wages [] regulation through collective bargaining of the network of contractors and  submanufacturers  working for jobbers and manufacturers .

American plants have largely succeeded through making huge runs of a limited range of products and , since the 1950s , technological changes on the floormuch quieter machinery , for example , or removal of the ubiquitous cotton dust ( now required by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ) that used to affect both worker performance and the quality of clothhave dramatically improved industry performance .
american plants have largely succeeded through making huge runs of a limited range of products and , since the 1950s , technological changes on the floormuch quieter machinery , for example , or removal of the ubiquitous cotton dust ( now [] by the occupational safety and health administration ) that used to affect both worker performance and the quality of clothhave dramatically improved industry performance .

Regardless of which individual sewing operations are required , the operator must be trained and given practice time to achieve a quality product , at least at the standard production rates .
regardless of which individual sewing operations are [] , the operator must be trained and given practice time to achieve a quality product , at least at the standard production rates .

The time required for a new worker to achieve production standards , while maintaining quality , can range from days for the simplest operation to nearly a year for joining the sleeve to the body of a suit coat .
the time [] for a new worker to achieve production standards , while maintaining quality , can range from days for the simplest operation to nearly a year for joining the sleeve to the body of a suit coat .

With different skill levels required for different operations , it is not surprising that piece rates vary with the difficulty of the operation .
with different skill levels [] for different operations , it is not surprising that piece rates vary with the difficulty of the operation .

Long production runs of the same basic item of apparel , with the same fabric , allow sewing operators to make major machine settings once a day , with only a few additional adjustments required throughout the shift .
long production runs of the same basic item of apparel , with the same fabric , allow sewing operators to make major machine settings once a day , with only a few additional adjustments [] throughout the shift .

The cost required to install such a system is steep , running to $ 4,000 or more per workstation .
the cost [] to install such a system is steep , running to $ 4,000 or more per workstation .

Power in the form of electricity , waterespecially if items like jeans are to be washedand a phone are about all that is required .
power in the form of electricity , waterespecially if items like jeans are to be washedand a phone are about all that is [] .

The more pieces in a marker , the more effort required to make an efficient marker of a given width .
the more pieces in a marker , the more effort [] to make an efficient marker of a given width .

Under these conditions , a marker will not be as efficient as the standard production markers shown in Figures 8.1 and 8.2 ( page 137 ) because the amount of cloth that can be saved for a single ply does not justify the time required to reach high levels of cloth utilization .
under these conditions , a marker will not be as efficient as the standard production markers shown in figures 8.1 and 8.2 ( page 137 ) because the amount of cloth that can be saved for a single ply does not justify the time [] to reach high levels of cloth utilization .

These investments consist of the capacity to receive and transmit information electronicallythe minimum set of practices required for working with lean retailers .
these investments consist of the capacity to receive and transmit information electronicallythe minimum set of practices [] for working with lean retailers .

Instead of breaking up sewing into a long series of small steps , modular production entails grouping tasks and assigning them to a team to reduce the elapsed throughput time required for assembling a given product .
instead of breaking up sewing into a long series of small steps , modular production entails grouping tasks and assigning them to a team to reduce the elapsed throughput time [] for assembling a given product .

Meanwhile , modular production allows apparel suppliers to reduce the time required for a given product to move through the assembly process .
meanwhile , modular production allows apparel suppliers to reduce the time [] for a given product to move through the assembly process .

The plant required that trucks be filled before making deliveries , which often meant two weeks of production would build up .
the plant [] that trucks be filled before making deliveries , which often meant two weeks of production would build up .

To begin with , the adoption of bar codes came before rapid replenishment arrangements because retailers required a low-cost means of collecting information at the detailed product level for their own usethat is , they first developed an efficient method for scanning prices at the check-out register and tracking products for internal inventory purposes .
to begin with , the adoption of bar codes came before rapid replenishment arrangements because retailers [] a low-cost means of collecting information at the detailed product level for their own usethat is , they first developed an efficient method for scanning prices at the check-out register and tracking products for internal inventory purposes .

These performance differences persist even after controlling for other characteristics of business units , such as size and product mix , which might also be associated with replenishment speed and technology adoption.10 The results are particularly striking , given that only the most demanding lean retailers in 1992 required replenishment within two weeks of order placement .
these performance differences persist even after controlling for other characteristics of business units , such as size and product mix , which might also be associated with replenishment speed and technology adoption.10 the results are particularly striking , given that only the most demanding lean retailers in 1992 [] replenishment within two weeks of order placement .

Lead time is calculated as the number of days required for an apparel manufacturer to procure textiles , manufacture , and deliver a typical product in its collection .
lead time is calculated as the number of days [] for an apparel manufacturer to procure textiles , manufacture , and deliver a typical product in its collection .

Product proliferation has vastly increased the number of products retailers are required to manage in their stores .
product proliferation has vastly increased the number of products retailers are [] to manage in their stores .

The Wal-Mart strategy required and fostered the development of a company-wide computer system to track incoming and outgoing shipments to the various stores .
the wal-mart strategy [] and fostered the development of a company-wide computer system to track incoming and outgoing shipments to the various stores .

The partnership required Wal-Mart to switch from its internal proprietary standard to a more widely adopted electronic data interchange ( EDI ) standard , as well as to bar codes that were already in use by other retailers , particularly Kmart .
the partnership [] wal-mart to switch from its internal proprietary standard to a more widely adopted electronic data interchange ( edi ) standard , as well as to bar codes that were already in use by other retailers , particularly kmart .

With the establishment of an independent operating unit , Federated Logistics , this retailer reduced the amount of time required to process merchandise in distribution centers by 60 percent , to an average of two days .
with the establishment of an independent operating unit , federated logistics , this retailer reduced the amount of time [] to process merchandise in distribution centers by 60 percent , to an average of two days .

Although the authorities maintained that the renovation was required because of the unexpectedly large number of visitors , according to Le Monde almost half of the $ 90 million budget was spent on refurbishing the faade .
although the authorities maintained that the renovation was [] because of the unexpectedly large number of visitors , according to le monde almost half of the $ 90 million budget was spent on refurbishing the faade .

The terms of the architectural competition were strict and included detailed floor plans that the competitors were required to follow .
the terms of the architectural competition were strict and included detailed floor plans that the competitors were [] to follow .

In the past , religious buildings and palaces required a narrow stylistic range .
in the past , religious buildings and palaces [] a narrow stylistic range .

Ever since the Tugendhat Housefor which Mies had designed the furnitureit was taken for granted that modern houses required modern furniture .
ever since the tugendhat housefor which mies had designed the furnitureit was taken for granted that modern houses [] modern furniture .

Some of the exam questions consisted of multiple-choice answers ; others required the reader to fill in the answer .
some of the exam questions consisted of multiple-choice answers ; others [] the reader to fill in the answer .

Portilla calls the shared laughing una burla colectiva ( a collective joke ) , and states that collective laughter facilitates the collective  negacin a la conducta requerida  ( negation of required conduct ) .
portilla calls the shared laughing una burla colectiva ( a collective joke ) , and states that collective laughter facilitates the collective  negacin a la conducta requerida  ( negation of [] conduct ) .

A booklet by Angela Erevia provides an outline of the Catholic Mass including biblical readings and a schedule of the types of classes required of a young lady .
a booklet by angela erevia provides an outline of the catholic mass including biblical readings and a schedule of the types of classes [] of a young lady .

After a fierce trial that Johnson himself did not attend , the president survived , by one senatorial vote short of the required two-thirds majority .
after a fierce trial that johnson himself did not attend , the president survived , by one senatorial vote short of the [] two-thirds majority .

They thought as landowners they were entitled to use their land to house and slaughter animals as the market required .
they thought as landowners they were entitled to use their land to house and slaughter animals as the market [] .

This tendency to take the Courts at face value derived largely from academic skepticism about the possibility of a higher law prevailing over the uses of judicial power in our understanding of what the Constitution really required .
this tendency to take the courts at face value derived largely from academic skepticism about the possibility of a higher law prevailing over the uses of judicial power in our understanding of what the constitution really [] .

Our history took a different course , one that required us to confront , in ways that we hardly expected , the moral difficulties of understanding equality under law .
our history took a different course , one that [] us to confront , in ways that we hardly expected , the moral difficulties of understanding equality under law .

The whole of the laws which were required to be faithfully executed were being resisted .
the whole of the laws which were [] to be faithfully executed were being resisted .

In the midst of the war , therefore , he was constitutionally required to stand for reelection .
in the midst of the war , therefore , he was constitutionally [] to stand for reelection .

If this is the meaning of equality in the Declaration , then it provides little support for Lincoln  s claim that the nation was dedicated to a proposition that implicitly required the abolition of slavery .
if this is the meaning of equality in the declaration , then it provides little support for lincoln  s claim that the nation was dedicated to a proposition that implicitly [] the abolition of slavery .

That would have required a clear rationale for the democratic franchise , a clear principle telling us who should vote and why .
that would have [] a clear rationale for the democratic franchise , a clear principle telling us who should vote and why .

The level of vigilance required exceeds the capacity of government in a society that also seeks to protect privacy and civil liberties .
the level of vigilance [] exceeds the capacity of government in a society that also seeks to protect privacy and civil liberties .

The government posted health warnings on cigarette packs , required airlines and governmental buildings to ban smoking , but did not try to follow the model of Prohibition or the drug laws .
the government posted health warnings on cigarette packs , [] airlines and governmental buildings to ban smoking , but did not try to follow the model of prohibition or the drug laws .

By using this negative formulation , the first of the series finally extends suffrage to women , the second to those who have not paid a poll tax or any other tax required to vote , and the third , to all men and women over the age of 18 .
by using this negative formulation , the first of the series finally extends suffrage to women , the second to those who have not paid a poll tax or any other tax [] to vote , and the third , to all men and women over the age of 18 .

Further up the scale of equality , we encounter equality of opportunity in economic competition : Every individual should have the right to compete on an equal footing , with equal education and the basic resources required for the market .
further up the scale of equality , we encounter equality of opportunity in economic competition : every individual should have the right to compete on an equal footing , with equal education and the basic resources [] for the market .

Fighting a major military campaign to suppress the Southern insurrection required a stronger financial base than the government had needed up to that time .
fighting a major military campaign to suppress the southern insurrection [] a stronger financial base than the government had needed up to that time .

We confront a virtuous cycle : Work constructs constraints , yet constraints on the release of energy are required for work to be done .
we confront a virtuous cycle : work constructs constraints , yet constraints on the release of energy are [] for work to be done .

If solids have the order required but periodic solids such as crystals are too regular , then Schrdinger puts his bet on aperiodic solids .
if solids have the order [] but periodic solids such as crystals are too regular , then schrdinger puts his bet on aperiodic solids .

From Schrdinger to the establishment of the code required only about twenty years .
from schrdinger to the establishment of the code [] only about twenty years .

Indeed the time required to create all possible proteins at least once is at least the ratio of possible proteins to the maximum number of reactions that can have occurred in the lifetime of the universe , or times the lifetime of the universe .
indeed the time [] to create all possible proteins at least once is at least the ratio of possible proteins to the maximum number of reactions that can have occurred in the lifetime of the universe , or times the lifetime of the universe .

Thus , the cell normally does not make the beta-galactosidase enzyme , yet in the presence of the metabolite for which that enzyme is required , the lactose operon works to turn on synthesis of the very enzyme that metabolizes lactose .
thus , the cell normally does not make the beta-galactosidase enzyme , yet in the presence of the metabolite for which that enzyme is [] , the lactose operon works to turn on synthesis of the very enzyme that metabolizes lactose .

Thus , once the operon is activated , it will remain active , even if the concentration of lactose outside the cell is lowered from an initial high level required to activate the operon to some intermediate concentration .
thus , once the operon is activated , it will remain active , even if the concentration of lactose outside the cell is lowered from an initial high level [] to activate the operon to some intermediate concentration .

It is precisely this point , that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences , to which I appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and , therefore , were presumably selected and sustained by natural selection .
it is precisely this point , that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences , to which i appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy [] finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and , therefore , were presumably selected and sustained by natural selection .

What is required to be adaptable as an organism or organization ?
what is [] to be adaptable as an organism or organization ?

At least three major caveats are required .
at least three major caveats are [] .

Bargaining , away from the major department stores , is required etiquette ; but make sure on big-ticket items that you have a good idea of retail prices before you begin .
bargaining , away from the major department stores , is [] etiquette ; but make sure on big-ticket items that you have a good idea of retail prices before you begin .

Outside the terminal , you will find taxis as well as buses to all points ( take 3 , 3A , 10 , or 10A to the historic center ; exact change is required ) .
outside the terminal , you will find taxis as well as buses to all points ( take 3 , 3a , 10 , or 10a to the historic center ; exact change is [] ) .

The casinos have no admission charge and formal dress is optional , though long pants for men are required .
the casinos have no admission charge and formal dress is optional , though long pants for men are [] .

You can hire various sorts of craft for an hour , day , or week , at many beaches and hotels ( but note that you will be required to produce a valid proof of qualification for a self-drive motor boat ) .
you can hire various sorts of craft for an hour , day , or week , at many beaches and hotels ( but note that you will be [] to produce a valid proof of qualification for a self-drive motor boat ) .

Formal dress may be required .
formal dress may be [] .

Permits are required , and you will need to buy one separately for each lake .
permits are [] , and you will need to buy one separately for each lake .

At the foot of the castle was Nor  Loch , a large expanse of water that required draining .
at the foot of the castle was nor  loch , a large expanse of water that [] draining .

Further down the steps , you pass two places reserved for ritual ablutions required before Islamic prayer .
further down the steps , you pass two places reserved for ritual ablutions [] before islamic prayer .

Pig breeding was the main occupation of these early settlers , but they also planted sugar cane and other crops that required large numbers of laborers .
pig breeding was the main occupation of these early settlers , but they also planted sugar cane and other crops that [] large numbers of laborers .

At home , his authoritarian rule required a brutal police force .
at home , his authoritarian rule [] a brutal police force .

However , since they are imperial property , special reservations must be made with the Kyoto office of the Imperial Household Agency ( located on the grounds of the Imperial Palace , just south of Imadegawa-dori ; passports are required ) .
however , since they are imperial property , special reservations must be made with the kyoto office of the imperial household agency ( located on the grounds of the imperial palace , just south of imadegawa-dori ; passports are [] ) .

No lessons are required .
no lessons are [] .

Unlike slots , interaction and a semblance of skill are required ; that is , you are offered a choice on how to play the hand you  re dealt .
unlike slots , interaction and a semblance of skill are [] ; that is , you are offered a choice on how to play the hand you  re dealt .

The Royal Golf Club at Dollymount and many other clubs welcome visitors ; advance booking is rarely required .
the royal golf club at dollymount and many other clubs welcome visitors ; advance booking is rarely [] .

A local boat trip is required to see them .
a local boat trip is [] to see them .

You must apply for a licence yourself , and a medical certificate is also required .
you must apply for a licence yourself , and a medical certificate is also [] .

The harem  s principal residence is Jodh Bai  s Palace  built for Akbar  s Hindu wife , the first royal spouse not required to convert to her husband  s Islamic faith  and was Akbar  s favorite residence at Fatehpur .
the harem  s principal residence is jodh bai  s palace  built for akbar  s hindu wife , the first royal spouse not [] to convert to her husband  s islamic faith  and was akbar  s favorite residence at fatehpur .

Literary party games held in ornate palace gardens required each guest to compose a small poem as his wine cup floated toward him along a miniature winding channel of water .
literary party games held in ornate palace gardens [] each guest to compose a small poem as his wine cup floated toward him along a miniature winding channel of water .

The rote-learning educational system is still failing to help students develop the individual analytical and problem-solving skills required in the information age .
the rote-learning educational system is still failing to help students develop the individual analytical and problem-solving skills [] in the information age .

While ever more matrimonial advertisements in the weekend editions of The Times of India and other newspapers mention  caste no bar ,  just as many specify the required caste or insist on a  fair-complexioned  bride while touting a university diploma or an American work permit .
while ever more matrimonial advertisements in the weekend editions of the times of india and other newspapers mention  caste no bar ,  just as many specify the [] caste or insist on a  fair-complexioned  bride while touting a university diploma or an american work permit .

The jungles , especially in the Cameron Highlands , were once the strongholds for rebels during the Emergency , so some caution is required when venturing into undeveloped areas ; good maps are a must , and on occasions a guide would be recommended .
the jungles , especially in the cameron highlands , were once the strongholds for rebels during the emergency , so some caution is [] when venturing into undeveloped areas ; good maps are a must , and on occasions a guide would be recommended .

Kite-makers also practice their age-old skills throughout the region , and while tradition would have the art passed from father to son , many fear the younger generation now lacks the patience to carry out the skilled handiwork required .
kite-makers also practice their age-old skills throughout the region , and while tradition would have the art passed from father to son , many fear the younger generation now lacks the patience to carry out the skilled handiwork [] .

Extra time , too , is required if you with to attempt the climb up Mount Mulu ( 2,376 m/7,793 ft ) , whose summit was successfully reached by Lord Shackelton in 1932 after earlier known attempts in the nineteenth century had failed .
extra time , too , is [] if you with to attempt the climb up mount mulu ( 2,376 m/7,793 ft ) , whose summit was successfully reached by lord shackelton in 1932 after earlier known attempts in the nineteenth century had failed .

Except for extra-warm clothing and good walking shoes , special mountain-climbing gear is not required .
except for extra-warm clothing and good walking shoes , special mountain-climbing gear is not [] .

Two days are required to do justice to the city  even on a short stay  but you will find even more to explore than you can fit in .
two days are [] to do justice to the city  even on a short stay  but you will find even more to explore than you can fit in .

A deposit will be required for rentals .
a deposit will be [] for rentals .

It seems that a princess of bygone years required a new lover every night because each morning her partner was found dead .
it seems that a princess of bygone years [] a new lover every night because each morning her partner was found dead .

Bars are officially required to close at 10pm .
bars are officially [] to close at 10pm .

After dark , men are required to wear jackets ( but not ties ) .
after dark , men are [] to wear jackets ( but not ties ) .

Hunting is illegal and you are required to have a state license to fish .
hunting is illegal and you are [] to have a state license to fish .

Offshore , snorkellers are required , for safety reasons , to tow a marker buoy .
offshore , snorkellers are [] , for safety reasons , to tow a marker buoy .

A diving permit is required under Spanish law .
a diving permit is [] under spanish law .

Advance reservations are required for the tours ( see page 64 ) .
advance reservations are [] for the tours ( see page 64 ) .

An inscription reports that these works required the labor of 802,366 craftsmen .
an inscription reports that these works [] the labor of 802,366 craftsmen .

The emperors and their retinue required suitable accommodation , so the place was provided with delightful pavilions , pools , and gardens .
the emperors and their retinue [] suitable accommodation , so the place was provided with delightful pavilions , pools , and gardens .

Although it is no longer required by law , most port is still blended , stored , and aged in the port wine lodges of Gaia ( as the riverfront town is commonly called ) .
although it is no longer [] by law , most port is still blended , stored , and aged in the port wine lodges of gaia ( as the riverfront town is commonly called ) .

If you dive or snorkel any distance from the shore , you are legally required to tow a marker buoy .
if you dive or snorkel any distance from the shore , you are legally [] to tow a marker buoy .

Angling : Fishing from the rocks and breakwaters is a popular pastime with the locals and a permit is not required .
angling : fishing from the rocks and breakwaters is a popular pastime with the locals and a permit is not [] .

A hunting permit is required .
a hunting permit is [] .

Formal dress ( jacket and tie for gentlemen ) is required .
formal dress ( jacket and tie for gentlemen ) is [] .

Bookings are required .
bookings are [] .

Like pilgrims to Ernest  s drinking shrine , all tourists seem required to pay their respects here .
like pilgrims to ernest  s drinking shrine , all tourists seem [] to pay their respects here .

There was no central location where the required information was being posted , and several of them did not have decontamination supplies , ' said Britta Campbell , an EPA enforcement officer who conducted most of the farm inspections .
there was no central location where the [] information was being posted , and several of them did not have decontamination supplies , ' said britta campbell , an epa enforcement officer who conducted most of the farm inspections .

Still untaken are several steps that required goodwill from local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination .
still untaken are several steps that [] goodwill from local bar associations and others who had opposed the combination .

The Justice Department said the firm was named as a party because its services may be required to implement a remedy .
the justice department said the firm was named as a party because its services may be [] to implement a remedy .

All of this required muscle .
all of this [] muscle .

That proposal also required an inspection before a new tenant signs a rent-to-own contract .
that proposal also [] an inspection before a new tenant signs a rent-to-own contract .

When you represent a client in desperate need of service who may not have the required retainer - guess what ?
when you represent a client in desperate need of service who may not have the [] retainer - guess what ?

Passaic Legal Aid argues that LSC has effectively debarred it from receiving future grants without providing the notice and hearing required by law .
passaic legal aid argues that lsc has effectively debarred it from receiving future grants without providing the notice and hearing [] by law .

Passaic Legal Aid argues that LSC used the consolidation process to deny funding based on performance without a required hearing .
passaic legal aid argues that lsc used the consolidation process to deny funding based on performance without a [] hearing .

To that end , attorneys are expected , although not required , to contribute 25 hours a year pro bono - free - for the common good .
to that end , attorneys are expected , although not [] , to contribute 25 hours a year pro bono - free - for the common good .

Otherwise , when you report spending to Medicaid - as is required - official could treat the money as unspent , which could affect your benefits .
otherwise , when you report spending to medicaid - as is [] - official could treat the money as unspent , which could affect your benefits .

The original law signed by the governor required screening of all injured patients admitted to an acute care hospital as well as injured patients who required the activation of a trauma team response or who were transferred to or from an acute care institution .
the original law signed by the governor [] screening of all injured patients admitted to an acute care hospital as well as injured patients who [] the activation of a trauma team response or who were transferred to or from an acute care institution .

They vehemently objected to this policy and were able to have the legislature include a technical correction that clarified that screening is required among injured patients who are admitted to acute care hospitals as inpatients , rather than implying that all injured patients presenting to the ED be screened .
they vehemently objected to this policy and were able to have the legislature include a technical correction that clarified that screening is [] among injured patients who are admitted to acute care hospitals as inpatients , rather than implying that all injured patients presenting to the ed be screened .

However , he thought that guidelines to require screening in emergency departments were premature , particularly without funding to support required changes .
however , he thought that guidelines to require screening in emergency departments were premature , particularly without funding to support [] changes .

Sophisticated research is required to tease apart the complex interactions between these variables .
sophisticated research is [] to tease apart the complex interactions between these variables .

Brown 's IRB required a mental status exam to ensure patients could understand the research dimensions of the project before they could be enrolled in the study .
brown 's irb [] a mental status exam to ensure patients could understand the research dimensions of the project before they could be enrolled in the study .

Richard Brown commented on high up-front costs required to develop technological means of delivering these services , such as computer-based screening .
richard brown commented on high up-front costs [] to develop technological means of delivering these services , such as computer-based screening .

She pointed out that even ongoing programs have been re-scrutinized and required to make protocol changes .
she pointed out that even ongoing programs have been re-scrutinized and [] to make protocol changes .

She suggested we must identify the essential elements of interventions that are required in any new setting .
she suggested we must identify the essential elements of interventions that are [] in any new setting .

Diesenhaus noted that agencies are required to fund different types of research .
diesenhaus noted that agencies are [] to fund different types of research .

For example , the senior executive heading the Office of Information and Management Services required each of her three divisions to complete an organizational self-assessment in 2001 .
for example , the senior executive heading the office of information and management services [] each of her three divisions to complete an organizational self-assessment in 2001 .

For example , based on 360-degree feedback , a senior executive for field services identified better communications with subordinates and increased collaboration among colleagues as areas for improvement , and as required , he then incorporated action items into his individual performance plan .
for example , based on 360-degree feedback , a senior executive for field services identified better communications with subordinates and increased collaboration among colleagues as areas for improvement , and as [] , he then incorporated action items into his individual performance plan .

We note that the interim rules have a listed effective date of January 1 , 1998 , which is less than the 60-day delay in the effective date required by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 ( SBREFA ) .
we note that the interim rules have a listed effective date of january 1 , 1998 , which is less than the 60-day delay in the effective date [] by the small business regulatory enforcement fairness act of 1996 ( sbrefa ) .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-98-22 Enclosed is our assessment of the agencies ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
page 2 gao/ogc-98-22 enclosed is our assessment of the agencies ' compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The preamble to the interim rules contain the information required by the Paperwork Reduction Act including the need for the information , the parties affected , and the burden estimates related to the collections by each Department .
the preamble to the interim rules contain the information [] by the paperwork reduction act including the need for the information , the parties affected , and the burden estimates related to the collections by each department .

Enclosed is our assessment of HCFA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of hcfa 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The Balanced Budget Act of 1997 , enacted August 5 , 1997 , required the per-beneficiary limitations be established by April 1 , 1998 .
the balanced budget act of 1997 , enacted august 5 , 1997 , [] the per-beneficiary limitations be established by april 1 , 1998 .

For the same reason regarding the statutorily mandated effective date , the 30-day delay in the effective date of a rule required by 5 U.S.C .
for the same reason regarding the statutorily mandated effective date , the 30-day delay in the effective date of a rule [] by 5 u.s.c .

Specifically , although most public companies are required to have a board that is comprised of a majority of `` independent directors '' and certain key committees are required to be comprised solely of outside directors , a closer look reveals that the independence of many boards may be more a matter of form than substance .
specifically , although most public companies are [] to have a board that is comprised of a majority of `` independent directors '' and certain key committees are [] to be comprised solely of outside directors , a closer look reveals that the independence of many boards may be more a matter of form than substance .

This must change and under the recent Sarbanes-Oxley accounting reform legislation , some related changes will be required .
this must change and under the recent sarbanes-oxley accounting reform legislation , some related changes will be [] .

For public companies , audited financial statements generally are required to be filed with the SEC within three months of the company 's fiscal year-end .
for public companies , audited financial statements generally are [] to be filed with the sec within three months of the company 's fiscal year-end .

Currently , outside auditor reports are not required to provide any level of assurance with regard to key internal controls .
currently , outside auditor reports are not [] to provide any level of assurance with regard to key internal controls .

Importantly , opinion level of reporting on internal controls over financial reporting will be required by the Sarbanes-Oxley accounting reform legislation that was passed in July 2002 .
importantly , opinion level of reporting on internal controls over financial reporting will be [] by the sarbanes-oxley accounting reform legislation that was passed in july 2002 .

Since CPAs are not required to belong to the AICPA in order to conduct public company audits , the most severe sanction would only serve to save the CPA some dues without any other practical effect .
since cpas are not [] to belong to the aicpa in order to conduct public company audits , the most severe sanction would only serve to save the cpa some dues without any other practical effect .

For the government 's major departments and agencies , this legislation ( 1 ) established chief financial officer positions , ( 2 ) required audited financial statements annually , and ( 3 ) set expectations for agencies to develop and deploy more modern financial management systems , produce sound cost and operating performance information , and design results oriented reports on the government 's financial condition by integrating budget , accounting , and program information .
for the government 's major departments and agencies , this legislation ( 1 ) established chief financial officer positions , ( 2 ) [] audited financial statements annually , and ( 3 ) set expectations for agencies to develop and deploy more modern financial management systems , produce sound cost and operating performance information , and design results oriented reports on the government 's financial condition by integrating budget , accounting , and program information .

However , senior executives at leading organizations recognize that the financial information demanded by decisionmakers to measure and manage performance requires greater precision and more timely access than that required to receive an unqualified opinion on the entity 's financial statements .
however , senior executives at leading organizations recognize that the financial information demanded by decisionmakers to measure and manage performance requires greater precision and more timely access than that [] to receive an unqualified opinion on the entity 's financial statements .

Although not required by the act , the state Comptroller had each state agency also produce audited financial statements , thereby ensuring accountability at every level of government rather than solely at those levels considered material to CAFR .
although not [] by the act , the state comptroller had each state agency also produce audited financial statements , thereby ensuring accountability at every level of government rather than solely at those levels considered material to cafr .

That Virginia routinely receives an unqualified opinion on its CAFR , only those state agencies with a specific need ( e.g. , agencies ' operating trust , enterprise and internal service funds ) are required to produce auditable financial statements .
that virginia routinely receives an unqualified opinion on its cafr , only those state agencies with a specific need ( e.g. , agencies ' operating trust , enterprise and internal service funds ) are [] to produce auditable financial statements .

The remaining agencies now are required to certify the accuracy of financial information that feeds CAFR .
the remaining agencies now are [] to certify the accuracy of financial information that feeds cafr .

By subjecting all state agencies to the rigorous discipline of preparing financial reports and having them audited , the Comptroller increased accountability for data accuracy beyond that required to receive an unqualified audit opinion .
by subjecting all state agencies to the rigorous discipline of preparing financial reports and having them audited , the comptroller increased accountability for data accuracy beyond that [] to receive an unqualified audit opinion .

Creating and maintaining a performance management system required close , consistent , and coordinated attention above and beyond that required for external financial reporting purposes .
creating and maintaining a performance management system [] close , consistent , and coordinated attention above and beyond that [] for external financial reporting purposes .

For example , internal controls over expenditure data met the control objectives for aggregating and reporting this information on the financial statements ; however , they did not meet the objectives for calculating perunitcost efficiency measures required for performance management .
for example , internal controls over expenditure data met the control objectives for aggregating and reporting this information on the financial statements ; however , they did not meet the objectives for calculating perunitcost efficiency measures [] for performance management .

Further , OMB is required to periodically report to the Vice President on the agency submissions and governmentwide progress .
further , omb is [] to periodically report to the vice president on the agency submissions and governmentwide progress .

As part of an overall strategy to reduce the cost of finance and better support business objectives , many leading organizations have reduced the number of staff required to perform routine transaction processing activities by eliminating or streamlining inefficient processes and/or consolidating these activities at shared services centers .
as part of an overall strategy to reduce the cost of finance and better support business objectives , many leading organizations have reduced the number of staff [] to perform routine transaction processing activities by eliminating or streamlining inefficient processes and/or consolidating these activities at shared services centers .

In practice 5 of this guide , we discussed how leading organizations reduced the number of resources required to perform financial management activities by ( 1 ) consolidating activities at a shared service center and ( 2 ) eliminating or streamlining duplicative or inefficient processes .
in practice 5 of this guide , we discussed how leading organizations reduced the number of resources [] to perform financial management activities by ( 1 ) consolidating activities at a shared service center and ( 2 ) eliminating or streamlining duplicative or inefficient processes .

However , many federal agencies lack the systems and processes required to produce meaningful financial information needed for management decisionmaking .
however , many federal agencies lack the systems and processes [] to produce meaningful financial information needed for management decisionmaking .

Build a Finance Team That Delivers Results As the finance function has evolved over the past decade , from a paperdriven , labor intensive , clerical role to a more consultative role as advisor , analyst , and business partner , many leading finance organizations have seen a corresponding shift in the mix of skills and competencies required to perform this new role .
build a finance team that delivers results as the finance function has evolved over the past decade , from a paperdriven , labor intensive , clerical role to a more consultative role as advisor , analyst , and business partner , many leading finance organizations have seen a corresponding shift in the mix of skills and competencies [] to perform this new role .

GAO/OGC-96-12 The OASIS would provide potential customers with information needed to obtain the open access non-discriminatory service required by the Commission 's companion rule .
gao/ogc-96-12 the oasis would provide potential customers with information needed to obtain the open access non-discriminatory service [] by the commission 's companion rule .

The Commission indicated in its submission to us that it was not required to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .
the commission indicated in its submission to us that it was not [] to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .

Section 603 : Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis The preamble to the proposed rule stated that the entities that would be required to comply with the rule are public utilities and transmitting utilities that do not fall within the Regulatory Flexibility Act 's definition of small entity.1 60 Fed .
section 603 : initial regulatory flexibility analysis the preamble to the proposed rule stated that the entities that would be [] to comply with the rule are public utilities and transmitting utilities that do not fall within the regulatory flexibility act 's definition of small entity.1 60 fed .

One commenter expressed concern that the Commission would extend the requirement for an open access same-time information system ( OASIS ) to nonpublic , not-for-profit cooperative utilities and stated that the Commission would then be required to analyze the requirement 's effect on those utilities .
one commenter expressed concern that the commission would extend the requirement for an open access same-time information system ( oasis ) to nonpublic , not-for-profit cooperative utilities and stated that the commission would then be [] to analyze the requirement 's effect on those utilities .

Enclosed is our assessment of NHTSA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of nhtsa 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

As discussed in the enclosure , NHTSA did not follow many of the steps that ordinarily would apply to the rule , based in part on its interpretation that section 330 of the Appropriations Act required it to fix the 1998 standard at 20.7 mpg and thereby deprived the agency of any discretion over the standard .
as discussed in the enclosure , nhtsa did not follow many of the steps that ordinarily would apply to the rule , based in part on its interpretation that section 330 of the appropriations act [] it to fix the 1998 standard at 20.7 mpg and thereby deprived the agency of any discretion over the standard .

Neither the proposed nor the final rulemaking expressly refers to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act or includes the statements required by section 202 .
neither the proposed nor the final rulemaking expressly refers to the unfunded mandates reform act or includes the statements [] by section 202 .

The Federal Managers ' Financial Integrity Act of 1982 required that we issue standards for internal control in the federal government .
the federal managers ' financial integrity act of 1982 [] that we issue standards for internal control in the federal government .

Before the data warehouse was available , obtaining responses to queries of this kind would have required obtaining separate reports from different systems and could have taken up to 2 months .
before the data warehouse was available , obtaining responses to queries of this kind would have [] obtaining separate reports from different systems and could have taken up to 2 months .

The institute is dedicated to educating business and information technology professionals about the strategies , techniques , and tools required to successfully design , build , and maintain data warehouses .
the institute is dedicated to educating business and information technology professionals about the strategies , techniques , and tools [] to successfully design , build , and maintain data warehouses .

For example , the Director at FAA 's Logistics Center saw the need for operating more like a private sector business and envisioned the organizational and operational changes that would be required to do that .
for example , the director at faa 's logistics center saw the need for operating more like a private sector business and envisioned the organizational and operational changes that would be [] to do that .

This enabled employees to document information that was required for the Logistics Center to receive International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) 9000 certification for quality work processes.17 To receive this certification , an organization must show that it has standardized , high-quality processes that result in products and services that are provided in a timely manner .
this enabled employees to document information that was [] for the logistics center to receive international organization for standardization ( iso ) 9000 certification for quality work processes.17 to receive this certification , an organization must show that it has standardized , high-quality processes that result in products and services that are provided in a timely manner .

That required the team to conduct a full range of claims functions , including receiving and controlling the claims , contacting veterans and hospitals to obtain information , and making benefit decisions .
that [] the team to conduct a full range of claims functions , including receiving and controlling the claims , contacting veterans and hospitals to obtain information , and making benefit decisions .

Established in 1998 , this Division is an integrated product team of experts such as engineers and electronic technicians , who perform all of the functions required to repair ground-based radar systems .
established in 1998 , this division is an integrated product team of experts such as engineers and electronic technicians , who perform all of the functions [] to repair ground-based radar systems .

According to Logistics Center officials , prior to working as an integrated product team , it required longer for FAA to coordinate a response to similar emergencies and fully restore service .
according to logistics center officials , prior to working as an integrated product team , it [] longer for faa to coordinate a response to similar emergencies and fully restore service .

Logistics Center officials said that the Radar Product Division team 's coordinated operations saved time , including reducing the average number of days required to obtain research assistance from 45 days to 1 day .
logistics center officials said that the radar product division team 's coordinated operations saved time , including reducing the average number of days [] to obtain research assistance from 45 days to 1 day .

Weaknesses Abound , but Management Attention Has Been Lacking `` Just as in the private sector , many federal agencies are reluctant to make the investments required in this area [ of computer security ] because of limited budgets , lack of direction and prioritization from senior officials , and general ignorance of the threat . ''
weaknesses abound , but management attention has been lacking `` just as in the private sector , many federal agencies are reluctant to make the investments [] in this area [ of computer security ] because of limited budgets , lack of direction and prioritization from senior officials , and general ignorance of the threat . ''

These generally required some type of sign-off on memoranda that either ( 1 ) reported deviations from predetermined control requirements , as was the case at the financial services corporation and the manufacturing company discussed previously or ( 2 ) provided the results of risk assessments , as was the case of the utility company described in the following case example .
these generally [] some type of sign-off on memoranda that either ( 1 ) reported deviations from predetermined control requirements , as was the case at the financial services corporation and the manufacturing company discussed previously or ( 2 ) provided the results of risk assessments , as was the case of the utility company described in the following case example .

Similarly , the central information protection group at the utility was required to approve all new applications to indicate that risks had been adequately considered .
similarly , the central information protection group at the utility was [] to approve all new applications to indicate that risks had been adequately considered .

To maximize the value of expenditures on external training and events , one central group required staff members who attended these events to brief others in the central group on what they had learned .
to maximize the value of expenditures on external training and events , one central group [] staff members who attended these events to brief others in the central group on what they had learned .

For example , the manufacturer required new security administrators to spend 2 to 5 days in training with the central security group , depending on their technical skills , before they were granted authority to perform specific functions on the network , such as controlling the users ' access rights ; the central security group at the university held annual technical conferences for the university 's systems administrators and engaged professional training organizations to offer on-campus training at very reduced rates ; and the state agency held a biannual conference for systems administrators that included sessions related to their information security responsibilities .
for example , the manufacturer [] new security administrators to spend 2 to 5 days in training with the central security group , depending on their technical skills , before they were granted authority to perform specific functions on the network , such as controlling the users ' access rights ; the central security group at the university held annual technical conferences for the university 's systems administrators and engaged professional training organizations to offer on-campus training at very reduced rates ; and the state agency held a biannual conference for systems administrators that included sessions related to their information security responsibilities .

An example of a policy was that units were required to use commercially developed software rather than developing unique software inhouse .
an example of a policy was that units were [] to use commercially developed software rather than developing unique software inhouse .

However , deviations from standards required only approval from the group 's executive .
however , deviations from standards [] only approval from the group 's executive .

Such deviations were required to be documented in a letter and , though not required , were usually approved by the central security group .
such deviations were [] to be documented in a letter and , though not [] , were usually approved by the central security group .

In addition , many organizations required users to sign a statement that they had read and understood the organization 's information security policies .
in addition , many organizations [] users to sign a statement that they had read and understood the organization 's information security policies .

Generally , such statements were required from new users at the time access to information resources was first provided and from all users periodically , usually once a year .
generally , such statements were [] from new users at the time access to information resources was first provided and from all users periodically , usually once a year .

For example , the utility company developed quarterly reports on compliance with organizational policies , such as the number of organizational units that had tailored their own information protection policies as required by corporate-level policy .
for example , the utility company developed quarterly reports on compliance with organizational policies , such as the number of organizational units that had tailored their own information protection policies as [] by corporate-level policy .

GAO/OGC-97-1 Enclosed is our assessment of the Department of Agriculture 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-97-1 enclosed is our assessment of the department of agriculture 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The added information required by this rule was included in the estimated burden in 1995 .
the added information [] by this rule was included in the estimated burden in 1995 .

For example , some components are required to apply accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or a regulatory agency .
for example , some components are [] to apply accounting standards issued by the financial accounting standards board or a regulatory agency .

Those components should continue to apply the standards required by law or policy for their financial statements .
those components should continue to apply the standards [] by law or policy for their financial statements .

In such cases , the components may need to provide additional disclosures or different measurements required to comply with Federal GAAP .
in such cases , the components may need to provide additional disclosures or different measurements [] to comply with federal gaap .

The importer pays duties that are required by law ; it does not receive anything of value from the Government in the nature of an exchange .
the importer pays duties that are [] by law ; it does not receive anything of value from the government in the nature of an exchange .

It does not receive anything of value from the Government in exchange for its deposit of earnings , and on occasion it has been required by law to make extra payments .
it does not receive anything of value from the government in exchange for its deposit of earnings , and on occasion it has been [] by law to make extra payments .

Cash may include exchange revenue that is recognized by the transferring entity in determining its net cost of operations but is required to be transferred to the General Fund or another entity ; other capitalized assets may include general property , plant , and equipment .
cash may include exchange revenue that is recognized by the transferring entity in determining its net cost of operations but is [] to be transferred to the general fund or another entity ; other capitalized assets may include general property , plant , and equipment .

The fee component of the subsidy cost is required to be disclosed separately .
the fee component of the subsidy cost is [] to be disclosed separately .

The standards and guidance in this Statement do not apply to deposit funds except insofar as a particular deposit fund may be classified as part of a Federal reporting entity or a disclosure may be required due to a fiduciary relationship on the part of a Federal reporting entity toward a deposit fund .
the standards and guidance in this statement do not apply to deposit funds except insofar as a particular deposit fund may be classified as part of a federal reporting entity or a disclosure may be [] due to a fiduciary relationship on the part of a federal reporting entity toward a deposit fund .

The resources and responsibilities do not meet the criteria for assets and liabilities that are required to be reported in the financial statements but are , nonetheless , important to an understanding of the operations and financial condition of the Federal Government at the date of the financial statements and in subsequent periods .
the resources and responsibilities do not meet the criteria for assets and liabilities that are [] to be reported in the financial statements but are , nonetheless , important to an understanding of the operations and financial condition of the federal government at the date of the financial statements and in subsequent periods .

All stewardship information is deemed `` required supplemental stewardship information '' ( RSSI ) .
all stewardship information is deemed `` [] supplemental stewardship information '' ( rssi ) .

This information , as indicated in each of the standards , will be designated as required supplementary stewardship information ( RSSI ) for the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government and of the entities who have stewardship responsibilities over resources identified earlier in this document .
this information , as indicated in each of the standards , will be designated as [] supplementary stewardship information ( rssi ) for the consolidated financial statements of the federal government and of the entities who have stewardship responsibilities over resources identified earlier in this document .

The Board has chosen to call this RSSI to distinguish it from `` required supplementary information '' ( RSI ) , for which audit responsibilities are prescribed in existing professional literature .
the board has chosen to call this rssi to distinguish it from `` [] supplementary information '' ( rsi ) , for which audit responsibilities are prescribed in existing professional literature .

Such information is required for those entities ( 1 ) that control stewardship resources and ( 2 ) whose financial statements purport to be in accordance with Federal accounting principles as recommended by FASAB , and approved by the Secretary of the Treasury , the Director of OMB and the Comptroller General .
such information is [] for those entities ( 1 ) that control stewardship resources and ( 2 ) whose financial statements purport to be in accordance with federal accounting principles as recommended by fasab , and approved by the secretary of the treasury , the director of omb and the comptroller general .

Within each of the standards , minimum required and , in some cases , recommended reporting is described .
within each of the standards , minimum [] and , in some cases , recommended reporting is described .

These requirements and recommendations , including a phasing-in process for entities who may not have required data available at the implementation of the standards , are contained in the individual standards .
these requirements and recommendations , including a phasing-in process for entities who may not have [] data available at the implementation of the standards , are contained in the individual standards .

Because the financial reports of the Federal Government present the aggregation of information about stewardship investments and assets related to varied agencies and programs , further deliberations by the Board are needed to reach a decision on the amount and nature of information to be required under this standard for reporting in the consolidated financial report .
because the financial reports of the federal government present the aggregation of information about stewardship investments and assets related to varied agencies and programs , further deliberations by the board are needed to reach a decision on the amount and nature of information to be [] under this standard for reporting in the consolidated financial report .

Some Federal entities , including those government corporations listed in the Government Corporation Control Act and certain others , such as the US Postal Service , are required by law or policy to publish financial statements pursuant to the standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) .
some federal entities , including those government corporations listed in the government corporation control act and certain others , such as the us postal service , are [] by law or policy to publish financial statements pursuant to the standards issued by the financial accounting standards board ( fasb ) .

The terms `` financial reports '' and `` consolidated financial reports '' are used to refer to a document which would include the financial statements but which would also include items such as : a management discussion and analysis section , a statement of program performance measures , required supplemental information or required supplementary stewardship information not included in the financial statements or other supplemental financial and management information .
the terms `` financial reports '' and `` consolidated financial reports '' are used to refer to a document which would include the financial statements but which would also include items such as : a management discussion and analysis section , a statement of program performance measures , [] supplemental information or [] supplementary stewardship information not included in the financial statements or other supplemental financial and management information .

CHAPTER 2 : HERITAGE ASSETS Heritage Assets Heritage assets shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the component units of the Federal Government responsible for such assets .
chapter 2 : heritage assets heritage assets heritage assets shall be reported as [] supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and the component units of the federal government responsible for such assets .

CHAPTER 3 : FEDERAL MISSION PP & E Federal Mission Property , Plant , and Equipment Federal mission property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the component units of the Federal Government responsible for such PP & E .
chapter 3 : federal mission pp & e federal mission property , plant , and equipment federal mission property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) shall be reported as [] supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and the component units of the federal government responsible for such pp & e .

Weapons systems are a combination of one or more weapons18 with all related equipment , materials , services , personnel , and means of delivery and deployment required for self-sufficiency.19 This standard addresses only the PP & E component of weapons systems .
weapons systems are a combination of one or more weapons18 with all related equipment , materials , services , personnel , and means of delivery and deployment [] for self-sufficiency.19 this standard addresses only the pp & e component of weapons systems .

For acquisitions of Federal mission PP & E where costs are incurred over a number of years , the portion of the cost incurred during the reporting period shall be considered an expense in the period incurred in determining the net cost of operations and the total cost to date considered an acquisition-in-process cost in the required supplementary stewardship information .
for acquisitions of federal mission pp & e where costs are incurred over a number of years , the portion of the cost incurred during the reporting period shall be considered an expense in the period incurred in determining the net cost of operations and the total cost to date considered an acquisition-in-process cost in the [] supplementary stewardship information .

Federal Mission PP & E shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information .
federal mission pp & e shall be reported as [] supplementary stewardship information .

CHAPTER 4 : STEWARDSHIP LAND Stewardship Land Land not acquired for or in connection with22 items of general PP & E , that is , stewardship land , shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the separate reports of component units of the Federal Government responsible for such land .
chapter 4 : stewardship land stewardship land land not acquired for or in connection with22 items of general pp & e , that is , stewardship land , shall be reported as [] supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and the separate reports of component units of the federal government responsible for such land .

CHAPTER 5 : NONFEDERAL PHYSICAL PROPERTY STANDARD Nonfederal Physical Property Expenses included in calculating net cost for nonfederal physical property programs shall be reported as investments in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the separate reports of component units of the Federal Government responsible for such investments .
chapter 5 : nonfederal physical property standard nonfederal physical property expenses included in calculating net cost for nonfederal physical property programs shall be reported as investments in [] supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and the separate reports of component units of the federal government responsible for such investments .

Agencies in this situation will continue to report historical data on an outlay basis for any years for which reporting is required and for which expense data are not available .
agencies in this situation will continue to report historical data on an outlay basis for any years for which reporting is [] and for which expense data are not available .

Reporting of the amount of significant state and local total contributions to shared or joint programs is encouraged but is not required .
reporting of the amount of significant state and local total contributions to shared or joint programs is encouraged but is not [] .

CHAPTER 6 : HUMAN CAPITAL Human Capital Expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
chapter 6 : human capital human capital expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as [] supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and its component units .

Agencies in this situation will continue to report historical data on an outlay basis for any years for which reporting is required and for which expense data are not available .
agencies in this situation will continue to report historical data on an outlay basis for any years for which reporting is [] and for which expense data are not available .

Reporting of the amount of significant state , local , private , or foreign total contributions to shared or joint programs is encouraged , but is not required .
reporting of the amount of significant state , local , private , or foreign total contributions to shared or joint programs is encouraged , but is not [] .

CHAPTER 7 : RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT Research and Development Expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
chapter 7 : research & development research and development expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in [] supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and its component units .

Agencies in this situation will continue to report historical data on an outlay basis for any years for which reporting is required and for which expense data are not available .
agencies in this situation will continue to report historical data on an outlay basis for any years for which reporting is [] and for which expense data are not available .

Reporting of the amount of significant state , local , private , or foreign total contributions to shared or joint programs is encouraged , but is not required .
reporting of the amount of significant state , local , private , or foreign total contributions to shared or joint programs is encouraged , but is not [] .

The data would be presented as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the Federal Government but not in individual reports of its component units .
the data would be presented as [] supplementary stewardship information accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the federal government but not in individual reports of its component units .

The Board designated a new category of reporting to highlight the unique nature of stewardship reporting , Required Supplemental Stewardship Information ( RSSI ) .
the board designated a new category of reporting to highlight the unique nature of stewardship reporting , [] supplemental stewardship information ( rssi ) .

They believed that stewardship reporting could be accommodated either within the basic financial statements , for example , as a note , or as Required Supplemental Information ( RSI ) .
they believed that stewardship reporting could be accommodated either within the basic financial statements , for example , as a note , or as [] supplemental information ( rsi ) .

If stewardship information were required to be reported in a note to the basic financial statements , it would be subject to the same level of audit scrutiny as that of the basic financial statements .
if stewardship information were [] to be reported in a note to the basic financial statements , it would be subject to the same level of audit scrutiny as that of the basic financial statements .

After deliberating the issue , the Board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the FASAB staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on : identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a Statement on Social Insurance ; the appropriate display of information in the financial statements ; the identification of additional information , if any , which should be required for social insurance programs ; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information ; and , the desirability of nonfinancial indicators ( ratios of data to GDP or `` covered payroll '' ) to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.The Board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations .
after deliberating the issue , the board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is [] and has directed the fasab staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on : identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a statement on social insurance ; the appropriate display of information in the financial statements ; the identification of additional information , if any , which should be [] for social insurance programs ; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information ; and , the desirability of nonfinancial indicators ( ratios of data to gdp or `` covered payroll '' ) to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.the board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations .

This is because where multiple reporting is required , the units of measure are different for each of the stewardship categories .
this is because where multiple reporting is [] , the units of measure are different for each of the stewardship categories .

They stated that monetary values for stewardship PP & E are not required to be reported because such values are either difficult to obtain ( e.g. , lack of historical cost data on land acquired at the birth of the Nation ) or not meaningful ( e.g. , the historical cost to build the Washington Monument ) .
they stated that monetary values for stewardship pp & e are not [] to be reported because such values are either difficult to obtain ( e.g. , lack of historical cost data on land acquired at the birth of the nation ) or not meaningful ( e.g. , the historical cost to build the washington monument ) .

In considering required reporting of stewardship information , the Board became increasingly aware of the need to be highly selective in proposing requirements for the consolidated financial report of the Federal Government .
in considering [] reporting of stewardship information , the board became increasingly aware of the need to be highly selective in proposing requirements for the consolidated financial report of the federal government .

Further , the information required to be reported by these standards goes beyond that customarily accompanying financial reports of governments or commercial enterprises .
further , the information [] to be reported by these standards goes beyond that customarily accompanying financial reports of governments or commercial enterprises .

Refurbishment was required because of deficient climate-control equipment .
refurbishment was [] because of deficient climate-control equipment .

Certain transportation and environmental programs involving Federal investments of $ 22 billion and $ 4 billion , respectively , in 199Z required matching support by local governments of about 20 percent and 80 percent of the Federal grants .
certain transportation and environmental programs involving federal investments of $ 22 billion and $ 4 billion , respectively , in 199z [] matching support by local governments of about 20 percent and 80 percent of the federal grants .

Participants are then reimbursed up to $ 5,000 per year for up to 2 years , not to exceed 80 percent of the cost of the cost of tuition , fees , books , and other student materials required for attendance at approved educational institutions .
participants are then reimbursed up to $ 5,000 per year for up to 2 years , not to exceed 80 percent of the cost of the cost of tuition , fees , books , and other student materials [] for attendance at approved educational institutions .

Activity analysis involves determining what activities are done within a department , how many people perform the activities , how much time they spend performing the activities , what resources are required to perform the activities , what operational data best reflect the performance of the activities , and what customer value the activity has for the organization .
activity analysis involves determining what activities are done within a department , how many people perform the activities , how much time they spend performing the activities , what resources are [] to perform the activities , what operational data best reflect the performance of the activities , and what customer value the activity has for the organization .

REQUIRED SUPPLEMENTARY STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION ( RSSI ) - The category defined by the Board for reporting information required by the stewardship standards .
[] supplementary stewardship information ( rssi ) - the category defined by the board for reporting information [] by the stewardship standards .

The attribute `` value-added '' reflects a belief that the activity can not be eliminated without reducing the quantity , responsiveness , or quality of output required by a customer or organization .
the attribute `` value-added '' reflects a belief that the activity can not be eliminated without reducing the quantity , responsiveness , or quality of output [] by a customer or organization .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Department 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the department 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the SEC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the sec 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The analysis provides the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( b ) ( 3 ) .
the analysis provides the information [] by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( b ) ( 3 ) .

As required by section 604 ( a ) ( 1 ) , the Commission provided a succinct statement of the need for , and the objectives of , the rule .
as [] by section 604 ( a ) ( 1 ) , the commission provided a succinct statement of the need for , and the objectives of , the rule .

The Commission also describes how excluding small business issuers from all but the accounting policy disclosures required by the rule limits substantially the application of the amendments to small entities .
the commission also describes how excluding small business issuers from all but the accounting policy disclosures [] by the rule limits substantially the application of the amendments to small entities .

It also states that the accounting policies required by the new rule are clarifications of existing requirements and should not require any additional recordkeeping or bookkeeping .
it also states that the accounting policies [] by the new rule are clarifications of existing requirements and should not require any additional recordkeeping or bookkeeping .

The Chief Financial Officers ( CFO ) Act of 1990 provided for chief financial officer positions in 24 major agencies and required annual reports on the financial condition of government entities and the status of management controls .
the chief financial officers ( cfo ) act of 1990 provided for chief financial officer positions in 24 major agencies and [] annual reports on the financial condition of government entities and the status of management controls .

Under the CFO Act , federal agencies will be subject to the same kinds of financial reporting that have long been required in the private sector and by state and local governments .
under the cfo act , federal agencies will be subject to the same kinds of financial reporting that have long been [] in the private sector and by state and local governments .

We learned of these practices from organizations that successfully have taken initiatives similar to the ones required by the act .
we learned of these practices from organizations that successfully have taken initiatives similar to the ones [] by the act .

Moreover , underscoring the fact that implementing management changes required by GPRA will not come quickly , most of the agencies profiled began their results-oriented management before GPRA was enacted .
moreover , underscoring the fact that implementing management changes [] by gpra will not come quickly , most of the agencies profiled began their results-oriented management before gpra was enacted .

OMB required agencies to submit major parts of their strategic plans by June 7 , 1996 .
omb [] agencies to submit major parts of their strategic plans by june 7 , 1996 .

As agencies develop their mission statements and establish their strategic goals , they are required by the act to consult with both Congress and their other stakeholders .
as agencies develop their mission statements and establish their strategic goals , they are [] by the act to consult with both congress and their other stakeholders .

Further , agencies must be alert to the environment in which they operate ; in their strategic plans , they are required to identify the external factors that could affect their ability to accomplish what they set out to do .
further , agencies must be alert to the environment in which they operate ; in their strategic plans , they are [] to identify the external factors that could affect their ability to accomplish what they set out to do .

Under the act , executive branch agencies are required to develop annual performance plans that use performance measurement to reinforce the connection between the long-term strategic goals outlined in their strategic plans and the day-to-day activities of their managers and staff .
under the act , executive branch agencies are [] to develop annual performance plans that use performance measurement to reinforce the connection between the long-term strategic goals outlined in their strategic plans and the day-to-day activities of their managers and staff .

Under GPRA , OMB was required to select agencies to pilot GPRA performance planning and reporting 23Financial Management : Continued Momentum Essential to Achieve CFO Act Goals ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-10 , Dec. 14 , 1995 ) .
under gpra , omb was [] to select agencies to pilot gpra performance planning and reporting 23financial management : continued momentum essential to achieve cfo act goals ( gao/t-aimd-96-10 , dec. 14 , 1995 ) .

At the majority of project sites , for example , procurement of items costing less than $ 25,000 required between one and five signatures ; each approval beyond the first one added to the time required for the procurement and created inefficiency , revenue loss , and a potential danger to the staff and public when safety corrections were delayed .
at the majority of project sites , for example , procurement of items costing less than $ 25,000 [] between one and five signatures ; each approval beyond the first one added to the time [] for the procurement and created inefficiency , revenue loss , and a potential danger to the staff and public when safety corrections were delayed .

Overview of the Government Performance and Results Act The Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) is the primary legislative framework through which agencies will be required to set strategic goals , measure performance , and report on the degree to which goals were met .
overview of the government performance and results act the government performance and results act ( gpra ) is the primary legislative framework through which agencies will be [] to set strategic goals , measure performance , and report on the degree to which goals were met .

In addition to evaluating the progress made toward achieving annual goals established in the performance plan for the fiscal year covered by the report , an agency 's program performance report is to evaluate the agency 's performance plan for the fiscal year in which the performance report was submitted ( for example , in their fiscal year 1999 performance reports , due by March 31 , 2000 , agencies are required to evaluate their performance plans for fiscal year 2000 on the basis of their reported performance in fiscal year 1999 ) .
in addition to evaluating the progress made toward achieving annual goals established in the performance plan for the fiscal year covered by the report , an agency 's program performance report is to evaluate the agency 's performance plan for the fiscal year in which the performance report was submitted ( for example , in their fiscal year 1999 performance reports , due by march 31 , 2000 , agencies are [] to evaluate their performance plans for fiscal year 2000 on the basis of their reported performance in fiscal year 1999 ) .

GPRA calls for phased implementation so that selected pilot projects in the agencies can develop experience from implementing GPRA requirements in fiscal years 1994 through 1996 before implementation is required for all agencies .
gpra calls for phased implementation so that selected pilot projects in the agencies can develop experience from implementing gpra requirements in fiscal years 1994 through 1996 before implementation is [] for all agencies .

OMB also is required to select at least five agencies from among the initial pilot agencies to pilot Page 49 GAO/GGD-96-118 Government Performance and Results Act managerial accountability and flexibility for fiscal years 1995 and 1996 ; however , as of June 1996 it had not done so .
omb also is [] to select at least five agencies from among the initial pilot agencies to pilot page 49 gao/ggd-96-118 government performance and results act managerial accountability and flexibility for fiscal years 1995 and 1996 ; however , as of june 1996 it had not done so .

Moreover , underscoring the fact that implementing management changes required by GPRA will not come quickly , most of the agencies profiled began their results-oriented management before GPRA was enacted .
moreover , underscoring the fact that implementing management changes [] by gpra will not come quickly , most of the agencies profiled began their results-oriented management before gpra was enacted .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the commission 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

This analysis was transmitted to the SBA Chief Counsel for Advocacy , as required by subsection 603 ( a ) .
this analysis was transmitted to the sba chief counsel for advocacy , as [] by subsection 603 ( a ) .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information [] by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) .

This analysis includes the information required by subsection 604 ( a ) .
this analysis includes the information [] by subsection 604 ( a ) .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities In addition to the actions required by 5 U.S.C .
section 609 : participation by small entities in addition to the actions [] by 5 u.s.c .

Among other things , the final rule adjusts the classifications and weighting factors for diagnosis related groups as required by section 1886 ( d ) ( 4 ) ( C ) of the Social Security Act , 42 U.S.C .
among other things , the final rule adjusts the classifications and weighting factors for diagnosis related groups as [] by section 1886 ( d ) ( 4 ) ( c ) of the social security act , 42 u.s.c .

GAO/OGC-96-41 Enclosed is our assessment of HCFA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-96-41 enclosed is our assessment of hcfa 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

An initial analysis , to be prepared for a proposed rule , is to describe the impact of the proposed rule on such hospitals and include the matters required under 5 U.S.C .
an initial analysis , to be prepared for a proposed rule , is to describe the impact of the proposed rule on such hospitals and include the matters [] under 5 u.s.c .

The final analysis , to be prepared for a final rule , must include , with respect to small rural hospitals , the matters required under 5 U.S.C .
the final analysis , to be prepared for a final rule , must include , with respect to small rural hospitals , the matters [] under 5 u.s.c .

As required by 5 U.S.C .
as [] by 5 u.s.c .

The analysis describes , and estimates the number of , small entities to which the rule will apply as required by section 604 ( a ) ( 3 ) .
the analysis describes , and estimates the number of , small entities to which the rule will apply as [] by section 604 ( a ) ( 3 ) .

At present , hospitals are required to distribute a statement entitled `` An Important Message from Medicare '' 5 to patients at or about the time of admission .
at present , hospitals are [] to distribute a statement entitled `` an important message from medicare '' 5 to patients at or about the time of admission .

Under the modified requirement , hospitals would be required to distribute the statement `` during the course of the hospital stay '' rather than at admission .
under the modified requirement , hospitals would be [] to distribute the statement `` during the course of the hospital stay '' rather than at admission .

Enclosed is our assessment of HCFA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of hcfa 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The Secretary of Health and Human Services has certified that the final rule will not have a significant impact on the operations of a substantial number of rural hospitals , as required by section 1102 ( b ) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C .
the secretary of health and human services has certified that the final rule will not have a significant impact on the operations of a substantial number of rural hospitals , as [] by section 1102 ( b ) of the social security act ( 42 u.s.c .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to this Report and Order .
enclosed is our assessment of the federal communications commission 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to this report and order .

The Commission stated in its submission to us that it was not required to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .
the commission stated in its submission to us that it was not [] to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information [] by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .

The information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning the estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the Report and Order and the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rule is also included .
the information [] by sections 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning the estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the report and order and the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rule is also included .

This analysis includes information required by section 604 including a description of the need for and purpose of this Report and Order and a discussion of comments received in regard to the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis .
this analysis includes information [] by section 604 including a description of the need for and purpose of this report and order and a discussion of comments received in regard to the initial regulatory flexibility analysis .

We have confirmed that copies of both the Initial and the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analyses were provided to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 .
we have confirmed that copies of both the initial and the final regulatory flexibility analyses were provided to the chief counsel for advocacy at the small business administration as [] by section 605 .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Board 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the board 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The official then has 20 days to respond and the response is required to describe the record withheld and the reason the record is being withheld .
the official then has 20 days to respond and the response is [] to describe the record withheld and the reason the record is being withheld .

President Reagan , for example , required the agency head , if a substantial question was raised , to notify and consult with the Attorney General and the White House Counsel  s Office .
president reagan , for example , [] the agency head , if a substantial question was raised , to notify and consult with the attorney general and the white house counsel  s office .

The principal legislative history accompanying the Act16 chronicled the different access problems GAO had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled , including serious access to records difficulties at the White House. These included an audit that required GAO to obtain unemployment estimates from the Council of Economic Advisers.17 The Senate report accompanying the 1980 Act explicitly recognized that the President and his principal advisers and assistants are within the scope of GAO  s access rights and enforcement authority.18 In order to accommodate executive branch concerns about the extent to which GAO could judicially compel disclosure of highly sensitive information , Congress added the certification mechanism .
the principal legislative history accompanying the act16 chronicled the different access problems gao had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled , including serious access to records difficulties at the white house. these included an audit that [] gao to obtain unemployment estimates from the council of economic advisers.17 the senate report accompanying the 1980 act explicitly recognized that the president and his principal advisers and assistants are within the scope of gao  s access rights and enforcement authority.18 in order to accommodate executive branch concerns about the extent to which gao could judicially compel disclosure of highly sensitive information , congress added the certification mechanism .

The time required to review related information and perform initial testing will vary , depending on the engagement and the amount of risk involved .
the time [] to review related information and perform initial testing will vary , depending on the engagement and the amount of risk involved .

Section 7 : Making the Preliminary Assessment Factors to Consider in the Assessment The preliminary assessment is the first decision point in the assessment process , including the consideration of multiple factors , a determination of the sufficiency of the data reliability with what is known at this point , and a decision about whether further work is required .
section 7 : making the preliminary assessment factors to consider in the assessment the preliminary assessment is the first decision point in the assessment process , including the consideration of multiple factors , a determination of the sufficiency of the data reliability with what is known at this point , and a decision about whether further work is [] .

Will the data be summarized or will detailed information be required ?
will the data be summarized or will detailed information be [] ?

You should get help from appropriate technical specialists to discuss whether additional work is required and to carry out any part of the additional reliability assessment .
you should get help from appropriate technical specialists to discuss whether additional work is [] and to carry out any part of the additional reliability assessment .

Caution was also urged that rotation of audit partners required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 does not have the unintended consequence of adversely affecting the quality of audits through loss of experience with a particular company 's operations and financial reporting .
caution was also urged that rotation of audit partners [] by the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 does not have the unintended consequence of adversely affecting the quality of audits through loss of experience with a particular company 's operations and financial reporting .

In addition , disclosures , such as those required to be reported to the SEC on Form 8-K,9 should be improved to be more transparent and helpful to regulators in determining the reasons and circumstances surrounding auditor changes .
in addition , disclosures , such as those [] to be reported to the sec on form 8-k,9 should be improved to be more transparent and helpful to regulators in determining the reasons and circumstances surrounding auditor changes .

The TRI 's basic purpose is to inform the public of chemical hazards in their areas which in turn permits communities to respond to chemical spills and other emergencies.2 Enclosed is our assessment of the EPA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
the tri 's basic purpose is to inform the public of chemical hazards in their areas which in turn permits communities to respond to chemical spills and other emergencies.2 enclosed is our assessment of the epa 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The difference in cost for the first and subsequent years appears to be based on EPA 's estimate that each task required including compliance determinations for the new facilities covered , the overall affect of the modified interpretation of `` otherwise use , '' rule familiarization , and report preparation will be substantially higher during the first year .
the difference in cost for the first and subsequent years appears to be based on epa 's estimate that each task [] including compliance determinations for the new facilities covered , the overall affect of the modified interpretation of `` otherwise use , '' rule familiarization , and report preparation will be substantially higher during the first year .

Enclosed is our assessment of the SEC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the sec 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to this Final Report and Order .
enclosed is our assessment of the federal communications commission 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to this final report and order .

The Commission stated in its submission to us that it was not required to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of this Report and Order .
the commission stated in its submission to us that it was not [] to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of this report and order .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information [] by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .

The information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning the estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the Report and Order and the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rulemaking is also included .
the information [] by sections 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning the estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the report and order and the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rulemaking is also included .

The analysis includes information required by section 604 , including a description of the need for and purpose of this Report and Order .
the analysis includes information [] by section 604 , including a description of the need for and purpose of this report and order .

Enclosed is our assessment of OSHA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of osha 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The preamble to the final rule contains the information required by the act , including the need for and use of the proposed collection , a description of the respondents , and an estimate of the burden hours and costs associated with the collections .
the preamble to the final rule contains the information [] by the act , including the need for and use of the proposed collection , a description of the respondents , and an estimate of the burden hours and costs associated with the collections .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Environmental Protection Agency 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 GAO/OGC-96-27 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the environmental protection agency 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 gao/ogc-96-27 with respect to the rule .

This analysis was revised when it was determined that the interim program , which began on January 1 , 1995 , would last 30 months rather than 18 months and there were changes in the estimated cost of deposit control testing and the addition , in the final rule , of a required deposit demonstration test to qualify test fuels for certification testing purposes .
this analysis was revised when it was determined that the interim program , which began on january 1 , 1995 , would last 30 months rather than 18 months and there were changes in the estimated cost of deposit control testing and the addition , in the final rule , of a [] deposit demonstration test to qualify test fuels for certification testing purposes .

The EPA has certified under section 3506 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the Act and submitted the information collection requirement to the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) for approval as required by the Paperwork Reduction Act and has solicited comments regarding the proposed collection requirements to be submitted to both EPA and OMB .
the epa has certified under section 3506 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the act and submitted the information collection requirement to the office of management and budget ( omb ) for approval as [] by the paperwork reduction act and has solicited comments regarding the proposed collection requirements to be submitted to both epa and omb .

Agency officials authorized to perform administrative approvals are generally required to follow agency policies and procedures as opposed to statutory requirements and Treasury regulations followed by certifying officers .
agency officials authorized to perform administrative approvals are generally [] to follow agency policies and procedures as opposed to statutory requirements and treasury regulations followed by certifying officers .

While examining the documents , the staff also was required to verify that the documentation had the necessary administrative approvals .
while examining the documents , the staff also was [] to verify that the documentation had the necessary administrative approvals .

Today 's proper application of available technology makes it possible to perform the required prepayment examination without assembling hard copy records from diverse locations as in the past .
today 's proper application of available technology makes it possible to perform the [] prepayment examination without assembling hard copy records from diverse locations as in the past .

At the time of the request , their procedures required the verification of receipt and acceptance prior to authorization of payment .
at the time of the request , their procedures [] the verification of receipt and acceptance prior to authorization of payment .

In each case , we further suggested that , as part of its required FMFIA review of its internal controls , special emphasis be given to testing controls of the new processes to help ensure effective implementation .
in each case , we further suggested that , as part of its [] fmfia review of its internal controls , special emphasis be given to testing controls of the new processes to help ensure effective implementation .

Without a specific request to raise the limitation,15 we stated that verification of receipt and acceptance would be required for all invoices equal to or greater than $ 2,500 .
without a specific request to raise the limitation,15 we stated that verification of receipt and acceptance would be [] for all invoices equal to or greater than $ 2,500 .

Field offices and sites would then be required to forward the related documentation for all the transactions selected in the sample .
field offices and sites would then be [] to forward the related documentation for all the transactions selected in the sample .

We suggested that agencies inform the field office staff that random samples of all payment transactions would be selected for the purpose of verifying the validity of the payments and that they would be required to forward all documents related to the selected transactions to the certifying officer 's location for review .
we suggested that agencies inform the field office staff that random samples of all payment transactions would be selected for the purpose of verifying the validity of the payments and that they would be [] to forward all documents related to the selected transactions to the certifying officer 's location for review .

We did not object to the implementation of the automated travel systems , but suggested that , to help ensure effective implementation , each agency emphasize testing controls in its new designs during its annual review of internal control as required by the FMFIA .
we did not object to the implementation of the automated travel systems , but suggested that , to help ensure effective implementation , each agency emphasize testing controls in its new designs during its annual review of internal control as [] by the fmfia .

Regarding employees that either retire or leave the agency prior the expiration of the retention period , the designs called for an employee checkout procedure whereby clearance from their travel unit ( as well as other units within the agency ) is required prior to receiving their last salary payment .
regarding employees that either retire or leave the agency prior the expiration of the retention period , the designs called for an employee checkout procedure whereby clearance from their travel unit ( as well as other units within the agency ) is [] prior to receiving their last salary payment .

We suggested that agencies inform all travelers that random samples of payment transactions would be selected for the purpose of further verifying the validity of the payments and , for those selected transactions , travelers would be required to forward all related documents to the certifying or payment officer 's location for review .
we suggested that agencies inform all travelers that random samples of payment transactions would be selected for the purpose of further verifying the validity of the payments and , for those selected transactions , travelers would be [] to forward all related documents to the certifying or payment officer 's location for review .

For example , employees could be required to use the agencydesignated charge card for hotel and certain other costs .
for example , employees could be [] to use the agencydesignated charge card for hotel and certain other costs .

One agency intended to implement an employee travel claim procedure allowing travelers , with certain exceptions , to merely list an aggregate amount of all expenses that individually cost $ 75 or less.19 At thetimeof the request , GSA required all travel expenses to be listed on the voucher ; however , it granted the requester a waiver of the requirement to itemize expenses costing $ 75 or less as long as we concurred .
one agency intended to implement an employee travel claim procedure allowing travelers , with certain exceptions , to merely list an aggregate amount of all expenses that individually cost $ 75 or less.19 at thetimeof the request , gsa [] all travel expenses to be listed on the voucher ; however , it granted the requester a waiver of the requirement to itemize expenses costing $ 75 or less as long as we concurred .

If the traveler inadvertently summarized taxi 19 At the time of our response to this agency , GSA required the traveler to obtain receipts for all expenses individually costing $ 75 or more .
if the traveler inadvertently summarized taxi 19 at the time of our response to this agency , gsa [] the traveler to obtain receipts for all expenses individually costing $ 75 or more .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Departments ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rules .
enclosed is our assessment of the departments ' compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rules .

During this meeting , GAO will also ( 1 ) discuss GAO 's ability to respond within the desired time frame , ( 2 ) provide a verbal estimate of the level of GAO resources required , and ( 3 ) advise the requester that , as the original requester , only he or she can approve co-requesters .
during this meeting , gao will also ( 1 ) discuss gao 's ability to respond within the desired time frame , ( 2 ) provide a verbal estimate of the level of gao resources [] , and ( 3 ) advise the requester that , as the original requester , only he or she can approve co-requesters .

As required by generally accepted government auditing standards , GAO will hold an exit conference with agency officials at the end of the data collection and analysis phase to ( 1 ) validate the factual accuracy of data gathered and ( 2 ) discuss the implications that flow from them .
as [] by generally accepted government auditing standards , gao will hold an exit conference with agency officials at the end of the data collection and analysis phase to ( 1 ) validate the factual accuracy of data gathered and ( 2 ) discuss the implications that flow from them .

PCIE standards place upon GAO and its investigators the responsibility to ensure that ( 1 ) investigations are conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform the investigations , ( 2 ) judgments made in collecting and analyzing evidence and communicating results are impartial , and ( 3 ) due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) is exercised .
pcie standards place upon gao and its investigators the responsibility to ensure that ( 1 ) investigations are conducted by personnel who collectively possess the [] knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform the investigations , ( 2 ) judgments made in collecting and analyzing evidence and communicating results are impartial , and ( 3 ) due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) is exercised .

Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the fcc 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The FCC stated in its submission to us that it was not required to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .
the fcc stated in its submission to us that it was not [] to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .

The analysis provides the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( b ) ( 3 ) .
the analysis provides the information [] by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( b ) ( 3 ) .

This analysis includes the information required by paragraph 604 ( a ) by summarizing and evaluating comments received .
this analysis includes the information [] by paragraph 604 ( a ) by summarizing and evaluating comments received .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the animal and plant health inspection service 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

APHIS performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions required or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing Page 3 GAO/OGC-97-43 or disseminating hog cholera disease agents into the United States and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .
aphis performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions [] or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing page 3 gao/ogc-97-43 or disseminating hog cholera disease agents into the united states and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .

Moreover , the Act required the Departments , in issuing any new rules in those areas , to utilize the Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990 as a guide with the direct participation of tribal representatives in the rulemaking .
moreover , the act [] the departments , in issuing any new rules in those areas , to utilize the negotiated rulemaking act of 1990 as a guide with the direct participation of tribal representatives in the rulemaking .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Department of the Interior and the Department of Health and Human Services ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the department of the interior and the department of health and human services ' compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The Departments have advised our Office that they were not required to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .
the departments have advised our office that they were not [] to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .

Therefore , they were not required to prepare an initial or final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 or 604 of the Act .
therefore , they were not [] to prepare an initial or final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 or 604 of the act .

The Departments submitted the proposed collection requirements to OMB as required by the Paperwork Reduction Act and OMB has approved the information collection requirements and assigned control number 1076-0136 .
the departments submitted the proposed collection requirements to omb as [] by the paperwork reduction act and omb has approved the information collection requirements and assigned control number 1076-0136 .

Section 107 ( d ) ( 2 ) ( A ) required that the Departments use the negotiated rulemaking procedures contained in the Negotiated Rule Making Act of 1990 ( 5 U.S.C .
section 107 ( d ) ( 2 ) ( a ) [] that the departments use the negotiated rulemaking procedures contained in the negotiated rule making act of 1990 ( 5 u.s.c .

The rule does not significantly affect the quality of the human environment and no detailed statement is required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 .
the rule does not significantly affect the quality of the human environment and no detailed statement is [] under the national environmental policy act of 1969 .

For fiscal year 1996 , Congress determined that the Commission should recover $ 126,400,000 in costs , an amount 8.6 percent higher than required in fiscal year 1995 .
for fiscal year 1996 , congress determined that the commission should recover $ 126,400,000 in costs , an amount 8.6 percent higher than [] in fiscal year 1995 .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the federal communications commission 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The Commission stated in its submission to us that it was not required to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis .
the commission stated in its submission to us that it was not [] to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information [] by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .

The information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning an estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the Report and Order and the projected reporting , record-keeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rule is also included .
the information [] by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning an estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the report and order and the projected reporting , record-keeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rule is also included .

Agency officials stated that copies of both the initial and the final analysis were submitted to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 ( b ) .
agency officials stated that copies of both the initial and the final analysis were submitted to the chief counsel for advocacy at the small business administration as [] by section 605 ( b ) .

Enclosed is our assessment of HHS ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of hhs ' compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The major portion of the analysis discusses the alternatives considered and the reasons why required volume or performance standards for transplant programs and imposing specific allocation standards focusing on geographic equity were rejected in favor of the performance standards adopted .
the major portion of the analysis discusses the alternatives considered and the reasons why [] volume or performance standards for transplant programs and imposing specific allocation standards focusing on geographic equity were rejected in favor of the performance standards adopted .

GAO/OGC-96-47 Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rules .
gao/ogc-96-47 enclosed is our assessment of the federal crop insurance corporation 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rules .

Producers are no longer required to obtain at least catastrophic coverage for economically significant crops but may sign a waiver foregoing emergency crop loss assistance .
producers are no longer [] to obtain at least catastrophic coverage for economically significant crops but may sign a waiver foregoing emergency crop loss assistance .

Because the Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 required that the statutory changes be implemented by the 1995 crop year and many of the changes were mandated by the statute , FCIC invoked the exception to the notice and comment requirements contained in 5 U.S.C .
because the federal crop insurance reform act of 1994 [] that the statutory changes be implemented by the 1995 crop year and many of the changes were mandated by the statute , fcic invoked the exception to the notice and comment requirements contained in 5 u.s.c .

The submittal , which was made available to the public , contained the reasons for collecting the information and the burden estimates , as required by the Act .
the submittal , which was made available to the public , contained the reasons for collecting the information and the burden estimates , as [] by the act .

The commercial companies GAO visited achieved success in product development by first achieving a mature , stable design supported by completed engineering drawings during an integration phase and then by demonstrating that the product 's design was reliable and critical manufacturing processes required to build it were in control before committing to full production .
the commercial companies gao visited achieved success in product development by first achieving a mature , stable design supported by completed engineering drawings during an integration phase and then by demonstrating that the product 's design was reliable and critical manufacturing processes [] to build it were in control before committing to full production .

The system demonstration phase is then used to demonstrate that the product will work as required and can be manufactured within targets .
the system demonstration phase is then used to demonstrate that the product will work as [] and can be manufactured within targets .

Consequently , these programs required significant increases in resources -- time and money-over what was estimated at the point each program began the system demonstration phase .
consequently , these programs [] significant increases in resources -- time and money-over what was estimated at the point each program began the system demonstration phase .

The Air Force subsequently increased the estimate to more than $ 19 billion in cost savings required to avoid cost increases .
the air force subsequently increased the estimate to more than $ 19 billion in cost savings [] to avoid cost increases .

Second , each company ( 1 ) employed a disciplined product development process that brought together and integrated all of the technologies , components , and subsystems required for the product to ensure the design was stable before entering product demonstration and ( 2 ) demonstrated the product was reliable and producible using proven manufacturing processes before entering production .
second , each company ( 1 ) employed a disciplined product development process that brought together and integrated all of the technologies , components , and subsystems [] for the product to ensure the design was stable before entering product demonstration and ( 2 ) demonstrated the product was reliable and producible using proven manufacturing processes before entering production .

For example , during system integration , each leading commercial company used various forms of prototypes and information from predecessor products to stabilize the product 's design and identify critical processes , then used a decision review that required agreements from key stakeholders that the requisite design knowledge was captured in making a decision to move into system demonstration .
for example , during system integration , each leading commercial company used various forms of prototypes and information from predecessor products to stabilize the product 's design and identify critical processes , then used a decision review that [] agreements from key stakeholders that the requisite design knowledge was captured in making a decision to move into system demonstration .

During system demonstration , each company used statistical process control and reliability testing to ensure the product could be produced affordably and would be reliable , then used a similar decision review that required agreements from key stakeholders that the requisite knowledge was captured when deciding to move into production .
during system demonstration , each company used statistical process control and reliability testing to ensure the product could be produced affordably and would be reliable , then used a similar decision review that [] agreements from key stakeholders that the requisite knowledge was captured when deciding to move into production .

Companies have found that trying to capture the knowledge required to stabilize the design of a product that requires significant amounts of new content is an unmanageable task , especially if the goal is to reduce cycle times and get the product into the marketplace as quickly as possible .
companies have found that trying to capture the knowledge [] to stabilize the design of a product that requires significant amounts of new content is an unmanageable task , especially if the goal is to reduce cycle times and get the product into the marketplace as quickly as possible .

The overwhelming majority of DOD 's major acquisitions today require major leaps in capability over their predecessors or any other competing weapon systems , with little knowledge about the resources that will be required to design and manufacture the systems .
the overwhelming majority of dod 's major acquisitions today require major leaps in capability over their predecessors or any other competing weapon systems , with little knowledge about the resources that will be [] to design and manufacture the systems .

They also used a disciplined design review process to examine and verify the knowledge that had culminated at the end of product integration , This design review process required agreement from stakeholders that the product design could be produced and would satisfy the customer 's requirements .
they also used a disciplined design review process to examine and verify the knowledge that had culminated at the end of product integration , this design review process [] agreement from stakeholders that the product design could be produced and would satisfy the customer 's requirements .

Table 3 shows the activities required to capture design knowledge that leads to executive decisions about whether to transition to the next phase of development .
table 3 shows the activities [] to capture design knowledge that leads to executive decisions about whether to transition to the next phase of development .

From past experience , commercial companies have Executive Level Reviews Were Required to Begin Initial Manufacturing discovered that cross-functional teams provide a complete perspective of the product .
from past experience , commercial companies have executive level reviews were [] to begin initial manufacturing discovered that cross-functional teams provide a complete perspective of the product .

A commercial company considers engineering drawings4 to be a good measure of the demonstrated stability of the product 's design because they represent the language used by engineers to communicate to the manufacturers the details of a new product design-what it looks like , how its components interface , how it functions , how to build it , and what critical materials and processes are required to fabricate and test it .
a commercial company considers engineering drawings4 to be a good measure of the demonstrated stability of the product 's design because they represent the language used by engineers to communicate to the manufacturers the details of a new product design-what it looks like , how its components interface , how it functions , how to build it , and what critical materials and processes are [] to fabricate and test it .

In addition , establishing tooling and manufacturing capability is also required .
in addition , establishing tooling and manufacturing capability is also [] .

Table 5 shows the activities required to capture manufacturing knowledge that leads to executive decisions about whether to transition from product development into production .
table 5 shows the activities [] to capture manufacturing knowledge that leads to executive decisions about whether to transition from product development into production .

Because there can be thousands of manufacturing processes required to build a product , companies focus on the critical processes-those that build parts that influence the product 's key characteristics such as performance , service life , or manufacturability .
because there can be thousands of manufacturing processes [] to build a product , companies focus on the critical processes-those that build parts that influence the product 's key characteristics such as performance , service life , or manufacturability .

Figure 6 shows the building of knowledge required to achieve a stable design on the AIM-9X .
figure 6 shows the building of knowledge [] to achieve a stable design on the aim-9x .

This required the product design to include many new and unproven technologies , designs , and manufacturing processes .
this [] the product design to include many new and unproven technologies , designs , and manufacturing processes .

While these are noteworthy activities and resemble best practices , the policy does not provide criteria for what constitutes the level of knowledge required for completing this stage , nor does it require a decision-based on those criteria-as to whether a significant , additional investment should be made .
while these are noteworthy activities and resemble best practices , the policy does not provide criteria for what constitutes the level of knowledge [] for completing this stage , nor does it require a decision-based on those criteria-as to whether a significant , additional investment should be made .

Commercial companies demand knowledge from virtual or engineering prototypes , 90 percent of required engineering drawings for the product supported by test results , demonstration that the product meets customer requirements , a series of disciplined design reviews , and stakeholder agreement that the design is stable and ready for product demonstration before a commitment is made to move forward and invest in product demonstration .
commercial companies demand knowledge from virtual or engineering prototypes , 90 percent of [] engineering drawings for the product supported by test results , demonstration that the product meets customer requirements , a series of disciplined design reviews , and stakeholder agreement that the design is stable and ready for product demonstration before a commitment is made to move forward and invest in product demonstration .

Like the end of system integration , the policy fails to provide specific criteria for what constitutes the knowledge required to support the decision to move into production .
like the end of system integration , the policy fails to provide specific criteria for what constitutes the knowledge [] to support the decision to move into production .

The policy states that an interim progress review should be held between the two stages , but the review has no established agenda and no required outputs of information unless specifically requested by the decision maker .
the policy states that an interim progress review should be held between the two stages , but the review has no established agenda and no [] outputs of information unless specifically requested by the decision maker .

Program managers are empowered to make informed decisions before big investments in manufacturing capability are required .
program managers are empowered to make informed decisions before big investments in manufacturing capability are [] .

The current policy establishes a good framework to develop a product , but the policy still lacks specific criteria required to move a program forward and does not tie knowledge to decisions for increasing investments in the program as it moves from system integration to system demonstration .
the current policy establishes a good framework to develop a product , but the policy still lacks specific criteria [] to move a program forward and does not tie knowledge to decisions for increasing investments in the program as it moves from system integration to system demonstration .

Second , each company we visited used the same basic product development process and criteria for bringing together and integrating all of the technologies , components , and subsystems required for the product to ensure the design was stable and then demonstrating that the product was producible and reliable using proven manufacturing processes .
second , each company we visited used the same basic product development process and criteria for bringing together and integrating all of the technologies , components , and subsystems [] for the product to ensure the design was stable and then demonstrating that the product was producible and reliable using proven manufacturing processes .

Their new product development process included key , high-level decision points before moving into product demonstration , and again before making the production decision that required specific , knowledge-based exit criteria .
their new product development process included key , high-level decision points before moving into product demonstration , and again before making the production decision that [] specific , knowledge-based exit criteria .

To proceed without completing the required demonstrations should require approval by the decision authority .
to proceed without completing the [] demonstrations should require approval by the decision authority .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the animal and plant health inspection service 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

APHIS performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions required or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing or disseminating foot and mouth disease into the United States and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .
aphis performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions [] or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing or disseminating foot and mouth disease into the united states and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .

Enclosed is our assessment of EPA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of epa 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Section 604 : Final regulatory flexibility analysis EPA published a summary of its final regulatory flexibility analyses as required by section 604 of the Act in the Federal Register on June 20 , 1996 .
section 604 : final regulatory flexibility analysis epa published a summary of its final regulatory flexibility analyses as [] by section 604 of the act in the federal register on june 20 , 1996 .

EPA 's discussion of its compliance with the Paperwork Reduction Act was omitted from the final rule , including the agency 's response to comments by OIRA required to be discussed in the final rule by 44 U.S.C .
epa 's discussion of its compliance with the paperwork reduction act was omitted from the final rule , including the agency 's response to comments by oira [] to be discussed in the final rule by 44 u.s.c .

EPA did , however , reduce the potential burden of required information collection in drafting the final rule .
epa did , however , reduce the potential burden of [] information collection in drafting the final rule .

In contrast , the rule as proposed would have required sources to document for each process all major hazards , the consequences of each of these hazards , the risk reduction steps taken to address each hazard , and the consequences of each risk reduction step .
in contrast , the rule as proposed would have [] sources to document for each process all major hazards , the consequences of each of these hazards , the risk reduction steps taken to address each hazard , and the consequences of each risk reduction step .

We have reached the point at which investments in these critical programs and other areas must be made in order to effectively support our staff and provide the high level of service expected and required by the Congress .
we have reached the point at which investments in these critical programs and other areas must be made in order to effectively support our staff and provide the high level of service expected and [] by the congress .

Enclosed is our assessment of HUD 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of hud 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

As a consequence , HUD was not required to prepare either an initial or a final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of the Act , and sections 607 and 609 are not applicable .
as a consequence , hud was not [] to prepare either an initial or a final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of the act , and sections 607 and 609 are not applicable .

In the preamble to the rule , HUD states that it may not conduct or sponsor and a person is not required to respond to a collection of information until OMB has issued the control number .
in the preamble to the rule , hud states that it may not conduct or sponsor and a person is not [] to respond to a collection of information until omb has issued the control number .

HUD reports that the interim rule and the accompanying economic analysis were reviewed and approved by OMB as required by E.O .
hud reports that the interim rule and the accompanying economic analysis were reviewed and approved by omb as [] by e.o .

GAO/OGC-98-29 Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-98-29 enclosed is our assessment of the fcc 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The FCC , in its report to our Office , states that it was not required to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the final rule .
the fcc , in its report to our office , states that it was not [] to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the final rule .

The preamble to the proposed rule contained the information required under the Paperwork Reduction Act concerning the collections , including the needs and uses of the requirements , the number of estimated respondents , and the total annual burden hours .
the preamble to the proposed rule contained the information [] under the paperwork reduction act concerning the collections , including the needs and uses of the requirements , the number of estimated respondents , and the total annual burden hours .

Enclosed is our assessment of the CCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the ccc 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Our review indicates that , except for ignoring the 60-day delay in the effective date of a major rule required by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 ( SBREFA ) , the CCC complied with the applicable requirements .
our review indicates that , except for ignoring the 60-day delay in the effective date of a major rule [] by the small business regulatory enforcement fairness act of 1996 ( sbrefa ) , the ccc complied with the applicable requirements .

According to CCC , this rule is not covered by section 553 of the Administrative Procedure Act because CCC is not required to publish a notice of proposed rulemaking by that section or any other provision of law .
according to ccc , this rule is not covered by section 553 of the administrative procedure act because ccc is not [] to publish a notice of proposed rulemaking by that section or any other provision of law .

For example , the financial audit and attestation chapters are directed at auditors with a financial audit background and the required knowledge of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ' ( AICPA ) Generally Accepted Auditing Standards ( GAAS ) and Attestation Standards .
for example , the financial audit and attestation chapters are directed at auditors with a financial audit background and the [] knowledge of the american institute of certified public accountants ' ( aicpa ) generally accepted auditing standards ( gaas ) and attestation standards .

If auditors hold themselves out as following GAGAS , regardless of whether they are required to follow such standards , they need to justify any departures from them .
if auditors hold themselves out as following gagas , regardless of whether they are [] to follow such standards , they need to justify any departures from them .

Many audit organizations not formally required to do so , both in the United States and in other countries , voluntarily follow GAGAS .
many audit organizations not formally [] to do so , both in the united states and in other countries , voluntarily follow gagas .

Therefore , these general standards are required to be followed by all auditors and audit organizations , both government and nongovernment , performing work under generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS ) .
therefore , these general standards are [] to be followed by all auditors and audit organizations , both government and nongovernment , performing work under generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas ) .

If auditors hold themselves out as following GAGAS , regardless of whether they are required to follow such standards , they need to justify any departures from them .
if auditors hold themselves out as following gagas , regardless of whether they are [] to follow such standards , they need to justify any departures from them .

COMPETENCE 3.9 The third general standard is : The staff assigned to perform the assignment should collectively possess adequate professional competence for the tasks required .
competence 3.9 the third general standard is : the staff assigned to perform the assignment should collectively possess adequate professional competence for the tasks [] .

However , they are not required to meet the above CPE requirements unless they are responsible for following GAGAS in planning or directing the assignment , performing substantial portions of field work , or reporting on the assignment .
however , they are not [] to meet the above cpe requirements unless they are responsible for following gagas in planning or directing the assignment , performing substantial portions of field work , or reporting on the assignment .

Situations where the audit of financial statements mandate applies to entities not specifically identified , such as audits required by the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996 , are excluded .
situations where the audit of financial statements mandate applies to entities not specifically identified , such as audits [] by the single audit act amendments of 1996 , are excluded .

Such communication should include the nature of any additional testing of compliance and internal control required by laws and regulations or otherwise requested , and whether the auditors are planning on providing opinions on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .
such communication should include the nature of any additional testing of compliance and internal control [] by laws and regulations or otherwise requested , and whether the auditors are planning on providing opinions on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .

Auditors are not required to include copies of documents they examined as part of the audit documentation , nor are auditors required to list detailed information from those documents .
auditors are not [] to include copies of documents they examined as part of the audit documentation , nor are auditors [] to list detailed information from those documents .

For example , such laws and regulations may address the required fund structure , procurement or debt limitations , or authority for transactions .
for example , such laws and regulations may address the [] fund structure , procurement or debt limitations , or authority for transactions .

Auditors may also be required to withdraw from or defer further work on the audit or a portion of the audit in order not to interfere with an investigation .
auditors may also be [] to withdraw from or defer further work on the audit or a portion of the audit in order not to interfere with an investigation .

When a GAGAS audit is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the AICPA standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by GAGAS but not required by AICPA standards .
when a gagas audit is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the aicpa standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is [] by gagas but not [] by aicpa standards .

If the officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practicable after the auditors ' communication with the entity 's governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud or illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .
if the officials of the audited entity do not make the [] report as soon as practicable after the auditors ' communication with the entity 's governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud or illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .

Internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless required by law , rule , regulation , or policy .
internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless [] by law , rule , regulation , or policy .

Auditors are not required to include copies of documents they examined as part of the audit documentation , nor are auditors required to list detailed information from those documents .
auditors are not [] to include copies of documents they examined as part of the audit documentation , nor are auditors [] to list detailed information from those documents .

When a GAGAS attestation engagement is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the AICPA standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by GAGAS but not required by AICPA standards .
when a gagas attestation engagement is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the aicpa standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is [] by gagas but not [] by aicpa standards .

The amount and kinds of evidence required to support auditors ' conclusions should be based on auditors ' professional judgment .
the amount and kinds of evidence [] to support auditors ' conclusions should be based on auditors ' professional judgment .

Auditors may also be required to withdraw from or defer further work on the audit or a portion of the audit in order not to interfere with an investigation .
auditors may also be [] to withdraw from or defer further work on the audit or a portion of the audit in order not to interfere with an investigation .

They are not required to include in the audit documentation copies of documents they examined , nor are they required to list detailed information from those documents .
they are not [] to include in the audit documentation copies of documents they examined , nor are they [] to list detailed information from those documents .

Criteria : An audit report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the required or desired state or what is expected from the program or operation .
criteria : an audit report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the [] or desired state or what is expected from the program or operation .

If officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practical after the auditors ' communication with its governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud and illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .
if officials of the audited entity do not make the [] report as soon as practical after the auditors ' communication with its governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud and illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .

Internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless required by law , rule , regulation , or policy .
internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless [] by law , rule , regulation , or policy .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through GAO/OGC-96-14 ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the federal communications commission 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through gao/ogc-96-14 ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The Commission stated in its submission to us that it was not required to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .
the commission stated in its submission to us that it was not [] to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information [] by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) .

The information required by paragraph 603 ( b ) ( 4 ) concerning an estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the requirement and the type of professional skills necessary for preparation of the required report is contained in the preamble under the Paperwork Reduction Act section as permitted by section 605 ( a ) .
the information [] by paragraph 603 ( b ) ( 4 ) concerning an estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the requirement and the type of professional skills necessary for preparation of the [] report is contained in the preamble under the paperwork reduction act section as permitted by section 605 ( a ) .

Finally , the analysis reports , as required by paragraph 603 ( c ) , that the Commission has reduced burdens where possible and that the regulatory burdens retained are necessary to ensure the public receives the benefits of the new services in a prompt and efficient manner .
finally , the analysis reports , as [] by paragraph 603 ( c ) , that the commission has reduced burdens where possible and that the regulatory burdens retained are necessary to ensure the public receives the benefits of the new services in a prompt and efficient manner .

This analysis includes the information required by paragraph 604 ( a ) by summarizing and evaluating comments received .
this analysis includes the information [] by paragraph 604 ( a ) by summarizing and evaluating comments received .

GAO/OGC-96-14 Numerous comments were received regarding the proposed plan to convert microwave incumbents to secondary status when the relocation rules sunset in 2005 and thereafter , licensees would not be required to pay relocation costs after that date to such incumbents .
gao/ogc-96-14 numerous comments were received regarding the proposed plan to convert microwave incumbents to secondary status when the relocation rules sunset in 2005 and thereafter , licensees would not be [] to pay relocation costs after that date to such incumbents .

In an attempt to balance the interests , the Commission has decided to retain the sunset date of 2005 as the date after which licensees would not have to pay relocation costs to incumbents but decided that incumbents would not convert to secondary status until and unless an emerging technology licensee required use of the spectrum , regardless of the sunset date .
in an attempt to balance the interests , the commission has decided to retain the sunset date of 2005 as the date after which licensees would not have to pay relocation costs to incumbents but decided that incumbents would not convert to secondary status until and unless an emerging technology licensee [] use of the spectrum , regardless of the sunset date .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities In addition to the actions required by 5 U.S.C .
section 609 : participation by small entities in addition to the actions [] by 5 u.s.c .

The Commission has published in both the proposed and final rulemaking notices the information required by the Act .
the commission has published in both the proposed and final rulemaking notices the information [] by the act .

Weaknesses Abound , but Management Attention Has Been Lacking `` Just as in the private sector , many federal agencies are reluctant to make the investments required in this area [ of computer security ] because of limited budgets , lack of direction and prioritization from senior officials , and general ignorance of the threat . ''
weaknesses abound , but management attention has been lacking `` just as in the private sector , many federal agencies are reluctant to make the investments [] in this area [ of computer security ] because of limited budgets , lack of direction and prioritization from senior officials , and general ignorance of the threat . ''

These generally required some type of sign-off on memoranda that either ( 1 ) reported deviations from predetermined control requirements , as was the case at the financial services corporation and the manufacturing company discussed previously or ( 2 ) provided the results of risk assessments , as was the case of the utility company described in the following case example .
these generally [] some type of sign-off on memoranda that either ( 1 ) reported deviations from predetermined control requirements , as was the case at the financial services corporation and the manufacturing company discussed previously or ( 2 ) provided the results of risk assessments , as was the case of the utility company described in the following case example .

Similarly , the central information protection group at the utility was required to approve all new applications to indicate that risks had been adequately considered .
similarly , the central information protection group at the utility was [] to approve all new applications to indicate that risks had been adequately considered .

To maximize the value of expenditures on external training and events , one central group required staff members who attended these events to brief others in the central group on what they had learned .
to maximize the value of expenditures on external training and events , one central group [] staff members who attended these events to brief others in the central group on what they had learned .

For example , the manufacturer required new security administrators to spend 2 to 5 days in training with the central security group , depending on their technical skills , before they were granted authority to perform specific functions on the network , such as controlling the users ' access rights ; the central security group at the university held annual technical conferences for the university 's systems administrators and engaged professional training organizations to offer on-campus training at very reduced rates ; and the state agency held a biannual conference for systems administrators that included sessions related to their information security responsibilities .
for example , the manufacturer [] new security administrators to spend 2 to 5 days in training with the central security group , depending on their technical skills , before they were granted authority to perform specific functions on the network , such as controlling the users ' access rights ; the central security group at the university held annual technical conferences for the university 's systems administrators and engaged professional training organizations to offer on-campus training at very reduced rates ; and the state agency held a biannual conference for systems administrators that included sessions related to their information security responsibilities .

An example of a policy was that units were required to use commercially developed software rather than developing unique software inhouse .
an example of a policy was that units were [] to use commercially developed software rather than developing unique software inhouse .

However , deviations from standards required only approval from the group 's executive .
however , deviations from standards [] only approval from the group 's executive .

Such deviations were required to be documented in a letter and , though not required , were usually approved by the central security group .
such deviations were [] to be documented in a letter and , though not [] , were usually approved by the central security group .

In addition , many organizations required users to sign a statement that they had read and understood the organization 's information security policies .
in addition , many organizations [] users to sign a statement that they had read and understood the organization 's information security policies .

Generally , such statements were required from new users at the time access to information resources was first provided and from all users periodically , usually once a year .
generally , such statements were [] from new users at the time access to information resources was first provided and from all users periodically , usually once a year .

For example , the utility company developed quarterly reports on compliance with organizational policies , such as the number of organizational units that had tailored their own information protection policies as required by corporate-level policy .
for example , the utility company developed quarterly reports on compliance with organizational policies , such as the number of organizational units that had tailored their own information protection policies as [] by corporate-level policy .

The final rule contains emission standards and associated regulatory requirements for the control of emissions from locomotives and locomotive engines as required by section 213 ( a ) ( 5 ) of the Clean Air Act .
the final rule contains emission standards and associated regulatory requirements for the control of emissions from locomotives and locomotive engines as [] by section 213 ( a ) ( 5 ) of the clean air act .

Enclosed is our assessment of the EPA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the epa 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

EPA has submitted the required documentation to OMB and no party need respond to any collection of information until the collection is approved by OMB and a control number is issued .
epa has submitted the [] documentation to omb and no party need respond to any collection of information until the collection is approved by omb and a control number is issued .

The preamble to the final rule contains the required information regarding the collection , including the reason and need for the information , the number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours which will be imposed .
the preamble to the final rule contains the [] information regarding the collection , including the reason and need for the information , the number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours which will be imposed .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Food Safety and Inspection Service 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the food safety and inspection service 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

GAO/OGC-96-31 The analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and small entities , in addition to the actions required by 5 U.S.C .
gao/ogc-96-31 the analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as [] by section 607 and small entities , in addition to the actions [] by 5 u.s.c .

As required by section 205 , FSIS considered several regulatory alternatives to the imposition of the mandatory HACCP but determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .
as [] by section 205 , fsis considered several regulatory alternatives to the imposition of the mandatory haccp but determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .

As a result , the new law required the President to prepare an annual budget , and it transferred from the Department of the Treasury to GAO the government 's auditing , accounting , and claims functions .
as a result , the new law [] the president to prepare an annual budget , and it transferred from the department of the treasury to gao the government 's auditing , accounting , and claims functions .

As with the private sector , there have been-and will be-many changes in the demographics of the federal workforce , the education and skills required of its workers , and basic employment structures and work arrangements used to accomplish jobs .
as with the private sector , there have been-and will be-many changes in the demographics of the federal workforce , the education and skills [] of its workers , and basic employment structures and work arrangements used to accomplish jobs .

We are not required to comply with GPRA , but we believe that its requirements make good business sense .
we are not [] to comply with gpra , but we believe that its requirements make good business sense .

Six years ago the Congress enacted this requirement into law , and required the General Services Administration to promote the use of frequent flyer programs .
six years ago the congress enacted this requirement into law , and [] the general services administration to promote the use of frequent flyer programs .

Enclosed is our assessment of the SEC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rules .
enclosed is our assessment of the sec 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rules .

The analysis for the Registration Form rule notes that while it is difficult to quantify costs and benefits , the total annual cost of $ 175 million for preparing , filing , and updating the current Form N-1A is not expected to rise significantly because new information is not required .
the analysis for the registration form rule notes that while it is difficult to quantify costs and benefits , the total annual cost of $ 175 million for preparing , filing , and updating the current form n-1a is not expected to rise significantly because new information is not [] .

The analyses contain the information required by the Regulatory Flexibility Act .
the analyses contain the information [] by the regulatory flexibility act .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-98-40 The preambles to the proposed rules contained the required information regarding the reasons for the collections , the parties affected , and the estimated annual burden hours .
page 2 gao/ogc-98-40 the preambles to the proposed rules contained the [] information regarding the reasons for the collections , the parties affected , and the estimated annual burden hours .

The final rule has an announced effective date of April 16 , 1999 , which is less than the 60-day delay in a major rule 's effective date required by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 .
the final rule has an announced effective date of april 16 , 1999 , which is less than the 60-day delay in a major rule 's effective date [] by the small business regulatory enforcement fairness act of 1996 .

Enclosed is our assessment of the FDA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the fda 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The preamble to the final rule contains the information required by the Act , including a description of the collection , the reason for the collection , and an estimate of the annual burden hours imposed .
the preamble to the final rule contains the information [] by the act , including a description of the collection , the reason for the collection , and an estimate of the annual burden hours imposed .

Often , each member was required to share information or , in some cases , time was set aside to give each member an opportunity to raise issues for discussion .
often , each member was [] to share information or , in some cases , time was set aside to give each member an opportunity to raise issues for discussion .

One organization had developed an extensive policy that defined each member 's responsibility for reporting information , the terms that would be used for the reporting , and the thresholds that required reporting .
one organization had developed an extensive policy that defined each member 's responsibility for reporting information , the terms that would be used for the reporting , and the thresholds that [] reporting .

To overcome this obstacle , most of the organizations required members to sign confidentiality or informationsharing agreements .
to overcome this obstacle , most of the organizations [] members to sign confidentiality or informationsharing agreements .

In addition , some members of federally sponsored organizations expressed the concern that members ' potentially sensitive information voluntarily shared with federal entities could be required to be made publicly available under provisions of the Freedom of Information Act , despite existing exemptions for sensitive or proprietary information .
in addition , some members of federally sponsored organizations expressed the concern that members ' potentially sensitive information voluntarily shared with federal entities could be [] to be made publicly available under provisions of the freedom of information act , despite existing exemptions for sensitive or proprietary information .

Information on Critical Success Factors and Challenges Can Benefit Critical Infrastructure Protection In addition , the representatives from organizations without professional and administrative staffs believed that an even more difficult challenge was encouraging volunteers to donate additional time to perform the administrative tasks required to organize meetings and further facilitate information sharing .
information on critical success factors and challenges can benefit critical infrastructure protection in addition , the representatives from organizations without professional and administrative staffs believed that an even more difficult challenge was encouraging volunteers to donate additional time to perform the administrative tasks [] to organize meetings and further facilitate information sharing .

North American Electric Reliability Council this alliance to pool the expertise , authorities , and technical resources required to address electronic crimes-an effort that has been recognized by communities across the country and internationally as a model for local interagency cooperation and private/public partnership .
north american electric reliability council this alliance to pool the expertise , authorities , and technical resources [] to address electronic crimes-an effort that has been recognized by communities across the country and internationally as a model for local interagency cooperation and private/public partnership .

GAO/OGC-97-11 Enclosed is our assessment of the SEC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-97-11 enclosed is our assessment of the sec 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Environmental Protection Agency 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the environmental protection agency 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The ICRs contain the information required by the Act including the reasons for the collection of the information , the type of information and an estimate of the burden imposed on respondents .
the icrs contain the information [] by the act including the reasons for the collection of the information , the type of information and an estimate of the burden imposed on respondents .

Traditionally , daily arrival and departure times were required to be recorded .
traditionally , daily arrival and departure times were [] to be recorded .

Although it is not required that daily records be maintained , agency management may choose to do so by using signin/signout sheets or other means .
although it is not [] that daily records be maintained , agency management may choose to do so by using signin/signout sheets or other means .

A T & A record containing all required data elements can be ( 1 ) a manually completed hard copy document , ( 2 ) an automated file retained electronically , or ( 3 ) a combination of automated and manual records .
a t & a record containing all [] data elements can be ( 1 ) a manually completed hard copy document , ( 2 ) an automated file retained electronically , or ( 3 ) a combination of automated and manual records .

Cumulative balances of available leave by type per employee are required to be maintained on record .
cumulative balances of available leave by type per employee are [] to be maintained on record .

In all cases , fulltime employees are required to work or otherwise account for 80 hours each biweekly pay period ( 5 U.S.C .
in all cases , fulltime employees are [] to work or otherwise account for 80 hours each biweekly pay period ( 5 u.s.c .

Attestation and Verification by Employees and Timekeepers The employee and timekeeper , if any , are not required to attest or verify T & A reports and related documents .
attestation and verification by employees and timekeepers the employee and timekeeper , if any , are not [] to attest or verify t & a reports and related documents .

Adjustment or Corrections After the T & A Period Ends Adjustments or corrections required because of changes after T & A data were approved must be made in the payroll system and reflected in pay for the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible .
adjustment or corrections after the t & a period ends adjustments or corrections [] because of changes after t & a data were approved must be made in the payroll system and reflected in pay for the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible .

As a basis for approving T & A data , supervisors are required to obtain reasonable assurance that employees working at remote sites are working when scheduled and that T & A information accurately reflects time worked and absences from scheduled tours of duty .
as a basis for approving t & a data , supervisors are [] to obtain reasonable assurance that employees working at remote sites are working when scheduled and that t & a information accurately reflects time worked and absences from scheduled tours of duty .

Because the nature of some military assignments makes a confirmation of the presence at duty stations difficult , if not impossible , the recording of presence for duty and of specific hours during which duty is performed each day is not required .
because the nature of some military assignments makes a confirmation of the presence at duty stations difficult , if not impossible , the recording of presence for duty and of specific hours during which duty is performed each day is not [] .

Any adjustments required because of changes in reported absences after the reports were approved and transmitted to the payroll system must be made and reflected in the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible , or when not possible , adjusted as soon as possible , preferably in the next pay period .
any adjustments [] because of changes in reported absences after the reports were approved and transmitted to the payroll system must be made and reflected in the pay period to which the changes apply , when possible , or when not possible , adjusted as soon as possible , preferably in the next pay period .

The user was then required to exit EPA 's site and use the GPO site 's search tools to identify EPA proposed rules among those of every other federal agency .
the user was then [] to exit epa 's site and use the gpo site 's search tools to identify epa proposed rules among those of every other federal agency .

One route required the user to access the `` Information Sources , '' `` Dockets , '' and `` Air and Radiation Docket and Information Center '' web pages before arriving at a link to proposed rules available for comment .
one route [] the user to access the `` information sources , '' `` dockets , '' and `` air and radiation docket and information center '' web pages before arriving at a link to proposed rules available for comment .

However , this is a link to electronic documents available in the Federal Register through the GPO Access web site , not EPA- specific proposed rules , and the viewer is then required to use that site 's search tools to identify particular proposed rules .
however , this is a link to electronic documents available in the federal register through the gpo access web site , not epa- specific proposed rules , and the viewer is then [] to use that site 's search tools to identify particular proposed rules .

Legislative and administrative initiatives have encouraged , and in some cases required , agencies to allow the public to provide information to them electronically .
legislative and administrative initiatives have encouraged , and in some cases [] , agencies to allow the public to provide information to them electronically .

Providing Access to Regulatory Supporting Materials Regulatory agencies are required to prepare supporting materials for many of their proposed and final rules , including economic analyses ( i.e. , the alternatives considered , and the costs and benefits of the alternative selected ) ; and descriptions of how the agencies have complied with various rulemaking requirements ( e.g. , the Regulatory Flexibility Act , the Paperwork Reduction Act , and Executive Order 12866 ) .
providing access to regulatory supporting materials regulatory agencies are [] to prepare supporting materials for many of their proposed and final rules , including economic analyses ( i.e. , the alternatives considered , and the costs and benefits of the alternative selected ) ; and descriptions of how the agencies have complied with various rulemaking requirements ( e.g. , the regulatory flexibility act , the paperwork reduction act , and executive order 12866 ) .

They did not believe that every agency should be required to have a `` regulations '' link on its home page , noting that many different organizational units and interests are vying for space on agencies ' home pages .
they did not believe that every agency should be [] to have a `` regulations '' link on its home page , noting that many different organizational units and interests are vying for space on agencies ' home pages .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Board of Governors ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the board of governors ' compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The Board of Governors has concluded that the final rule will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , and an initial regulatory flexibility analysis and final regulatory flexibility analysis have been prepared and are included in the notice of proposed rulemaking and the final rule notice , respectively , as required by sections 603 and 604 .
the board of governors has concluded that the final rule will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , and an initial regulatory flexibility analysis and final regulatory flexibility analysis have been prepared and are included in the notice of proposed rulemaking and the final rule notice , respectively , as [] by sections 603 and 604 .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's ( FCC ) compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the federal communications commission 's ( fcc ) compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The Commission also reports that it forwarded a copy of its initial regulatory flexibility analysis to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) as required by the Act .
the commission also reports that it forwarded a copy of its initial regulatory flexibility analysis to the chief counsel for advocacy of the small business administration ( sba ) as [] by the act .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities Based on the information before us , it appears that there were no special efforts made by the Commission to involve small entities in the rulemaking process , other than the actions required by 5 U.S.C .
section 609 : participation by small entities based on the information before us , it appears that there were no special efforts made by the commission to involve small entities in the rulemaking process , other than the actions [] by 5 u.s.c .

Before the interim rule , establishing entitlement to compensation for adverse results of medical or surgical treatment required that VA be at fault or that an accident occur .
before the interim rule , establishing entitlement to compensation for adverse results of medical or surgical treatment [] that va be at fault or that an accident occur .

Enclosed is our assessment of the VA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the va 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Therefore , it was not required to prepare an initial or final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of the Act .
therefore , it was not [] to prepare an initial or final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of the act .

However , agencies should be required to demonstrate to OPM 's satisfaction that they have modern , effective , and validated performance management systems before they are allowed to use broadbanding .
however , agencies should be [] to demonstrate to opm 's satisfaction that they have modern , effective , and validated performance management systems before they are allowed to use broadbanding .

GAO/OGC-97-32 The interim rule has an effective date of April 1 , 1997 , which is less than the 60-day delay in a major rule 's effective date required by the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 ( SBREFA ) .
gao/ogc-97-32 the interim rule has an effective date of april 1 , 1997 , which is less than the 60-day delay in a major rule 's effective date [] by the small business regulatory enforcement fairness act of 1996 ( sbrefa ) .

The preamble states that the statutory deadline necessitated the 30-day comment period in the notice of proposed rulemaking because of the time needed to draft the rule , coordinate with interested agencies , and complete the required Office of Management and Budget review process .
the preamble states that the statutory deadline necessitated the 30-day comment period in the notice of proposed rulemaking because of the time needed to draft the rule , coordinate with interested agencies , and complete the [] office of management and budget review process .

Enclosed is our assessment of INS ' and EOIR 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of ins ' and eoir 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The proposed rule only allowed 30 days for comment in view of the statutory deadline of April 1 , 1997 , for implementing the changes required by the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 .
the proposed rule only allowed 30 days for comment in view of the statutory deadline of april 1 , 1997 , for implementing the changes [] by the illegal immigration reform and immigrant responsibility act of 1996 .

Your inquiry seeks clarification of INS ' compliance with the 60-day delay in the effective date of a major rule from the latter of the date of publication or receipt in Congress required by section 801 ( a ) ( 3 ) of title 5 of the United States Code .
your inquiry seeks clarification of ins ' compliance with the 60-day delay in the effective date of a major rule from the latter of the date of publication or receipt in congress [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 3 ) of title 5 of the united states code .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Environmental Protection Agency 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 GAO/OGC-96-42 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the environmental protection agency 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 gao/ogc-96-42 with respect to the rule .

This type of addition to the record after the close of the comment period and the need to reopen the comment period are discussed in Sierra Club v. Costle ( 657 F. 2d 298 at 392-400 ( 1981 ) ) , where the court held such action was not required because there was adequate time for response .
this type of addition to the record after the close of the comment period and the need to reopen the comment period are discussed in sierra club v. costle ( 657 f. 2d 298 at 392-400 ( 1981 ) ) , where the court held such action was not [] because there was adequate time for response .

The ICR contains the information required by the Act including the reasons for the collection of the information , the type of information and an estimate of the burden imposed on respondents .
the icr contains the information [] by the act including the reasons for the collection of the information , the type of information and an estimate of the burden imposed on respondents .

Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the fcc 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The FCC , in its report to our Office , states that it was not required to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the final rule .
the fcc , in its report to our office , states that it was not [] to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the final rule .

The preamble to the final rule sets forth the information required by the act , including the need and use of the information , the estimated number of respondents , and the annual burden hours imposed .
the preamble to the final rule sets forth the information [] by the act , including the need and use of the information , the estimated number of respondents , and the annual burden hours imposed .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Food and Drug Administration 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the food and drug administration 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed regulation following the inclusion in the notice of proposed rulemaking of the initial regulatory flexibility analysis which discussed the economic impact on small entities .
the analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as [] by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as [] by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed regulation following the inclusion in the notice of proposed rulemaking of the initial regulatory flexibility analysis which discussed the economic impact on small entities .

As required by section 205 , FDA considered regulatory alternatives to the requirements of the rule but determined that the provisions of the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .
as [] by section 205 , fda considered regulatory alternatives to the requirements of the rule but determined that the provisions of the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .

Management should ensure that skill needs are continually assessed and that the organization is able to obtain a workforce that has the required skills that match those necessary to achieve organizational goals .
management should ensure that skill needs are continually assessed and that the organization is able to obtain a workforce that has the [] skills that match those necessary to achieve organizational goals .

For example , operating information is required for development of financial reports .
for example , operating information is [] for development of financial reports .

It is required to develop financial statements for periodic external reporting , and , on a day-to-day basis , to make operating decisions , montinor performance , and allocate resources .
it is [] to develop financial statements for periodic external reporting , and , on a day-to-day basis , to make operating decisions , montinor performance , and allocate resources .

Enclosed is our assessment of EPA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of epa 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Our Office received a copy of the entire analysis as required by the Congressional Review Act .
our office received a copy of the entire analysis as [] by the congressional review act .

The preamble to the final rule contains the required information regarding the collections , including the legal basis and reason for the collections , the number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours .
the preamble to the final rule contains the [] information regarding the collections , including the legal basis and reason for the collections , the number of respondents , and an estimate of the annual burden hours .

Of these 490 respondents , an estimated 155 respondents would be required to perform additional information collection .
of these 490 respondents , an estimated 155 respondents would be [] to perform additional information collection .

GAO/OGC-97-3 Enclosed is our assessment of the Food and Drug Administration 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-97-3 enclosed is our assessment of the food and drug administration 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

An initial regulatory flexibility analysis and a final regulatory flexibility analysis have been prepared and included in the preambles to the proposed rule and the final rule notice , respectively , as required by sections 603 and 604 .
an initial regulatory flexibility analysis and a final regulatory flexibility analysis have been prepared and included in the preambles to the proposed rule and the final rule notice , respectively , as [] by sections 603 and 604 .

The analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed rule and by attending an open public meeting in August 1995 and the September 1995 meeting of the Good Manufacturing Practice Advisory Committee .
the analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as [] by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as [] by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed rule and by attending an open public meeting in august 1995 and the september 1995 meeting of the good manufacturing practice advisory committee .

As required by section 205 , FDA considered regulatory alternatives to the requirements of the rule but determined that the provisions of the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .
as [] by section 205 , fda considered regulatory alternatives to the requirements of the rule but determined that the provisions of the final rule constituted the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the objective of the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the fcc 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The FCC , in its report to our Office , states that it was not required to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the final rule .
the fcc , in its report to our office , states that it was not [] to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the final rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the EPA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the epa 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

GAO/OGC-97-45 As a consequence , EPA did not prepare the statements required by the Act .
gao/ogc-97-45 as a consequence , epa did not prepare the statements [] by the act .

This action is required as a result of the Mickey Leland Childhood Hunger Relief Act ( Title XIII , Chapter 3 , Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 , Pub .
this action is [] as a result of the mickey leland childhood hunger relief act ( title xiii , chapter 3 , omnibus budget reconciliation act of 1993 , pub .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Department of Agriculture 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the department of agriculture 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Statutory Authorization for the rule This action is required as a result of Title XIII , Chapter 3 , Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 , Pub .
statutory authorization for the rule this action is [] as a result of title xiii , chapter 3 , omnibus budget reconciliation act of 1993 , pub .

The Commission believed these actions were needed to provide greater access to telephones by persons with hearing disabilities , as required by the Hearing Aid Compatibility Act of 1988 , 47 U.S.C .
the commission believed these actions were needed to provide greater access to telephones by persons with hearing disabilities , as [] by the hearing aid compatibility act of 1988 , 47 u.s.c .

GAO/OGC-96-36 Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to this Final Report and Order .
gao/ogc-96-36 enclosed is our assessment of the federal communications commission 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to this final report and order .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , describing the reasons for the proposed action and its objectives and legal basis .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information [] by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , describing the reasons for the proposed action and its objectives and legal basis .

The information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning the estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the Report and Order and the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rulemaking is also included .
the information [] by sections 603 ( b ) ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) concerning the estimate of the classes of small entities subject to the report and order and the projected reporting , recordkeeping and other compliance requirements of the proposed rulemaking is also included .

That analysis includes information required by section 604 , including a description of the need for and purpose of this Report and Order .
that analysis includes information [] by section 604 , including a description of the need for and purpose of this report and order .

The item proposed that importers and manufacturers of new telephones for use in the United States be required to stamp the date of manufacture on new telephones .
the item proposed that importers and manufacturers of new telephones for use in the united states be [] to stamp the date of manufacture on new telephones .

The Commission stated that a date stamp on a telephone would indicate to users that a telephone is hearing aid compatible if it were imported or manufactured after August 16 , 1989 , when all new telephones were required to be hearing aid compatible .
the commission stated that a date stamp on a telephone would indicate to users that a telephone is hearing aid compatible if it were imported or manufactured after august 16 , 1989 , when all new telephones were [] to be hearing aid compatible .

Instead of requiring a date stamp , the Report and Order required that new telephones be stamped with the letters `` HAC . ''
instead of requiring a date stamp , the report and order [] that new telephones be stamped with the letters `` hac . ''

The preferred approach may be a schematic that includes functional requirements , such as square footage estimates for various functions and adjacencies or connections to functions that are desirable or required .
the preferred approach may be a schematic that includes functional requirements , such as square footage estimates for various functions and adjacencies or connections to functions that are desirable or [] .

The interpretation of this increase is controversial : It is not clear if the increase reflects an increased cost of outsourced engineering or simply the cost of increased intensity of engineering required by today 's technologydriven projects and more sophisticated design and construction practices .
the interpretation of this increase is controversial : it is not clear if the increase reflects an increased cost of outsourced engineering or simply the cost of increased intensity of engineering [] by today 's technologydriven projects and more sophisticated design and construction practices .

Page 12 GAO/GGD00172R Study on Facility Design Reviews General Contract Approach Construction Management Approach   DesignBuild Contract Approach The general contract approach assumes that the owner contracts individually for all engineering and construction services required to acquire a facility .
page 12 gao/ggd00172r study on facility design reviews general contract approach construction management approach   designbuild contract approach the general contract approach assumes that the owner contracts individually for all engineering and construction services [] to acquire a facility .

By reducing changes that are required during the construction phase , good design review practices also generate significant indirect cost savings by avoiding costs associated with loss of productivity during constructiondelayed facility startup , and litigation .
by reducing changes that are [] during the construction phase , good design review practices also generate significant indirect cost savings by avoiding costs associated with loss of productivity during constructiondelayed facility startup , and litigation .

By reducing changes required during the construction phase , effective design review practices also generate significant indirect cost savings by avoiding costs associated with loss of productivity during constructiondelayed facility startup , and litigation .
by reducing changes [] during the construction phase , effective design review practices also generate significant indirect cost savings by avoiding costs associated with loss of productivity during constructiondelayed facility startup , and litigation .

Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the fcc 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The FCC , in its report to our Office , states that it was not required to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the final rule .
the fcc , in its report to our office , states that it was not [] to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the final rule .

The preamble to the final rule sets forth the information required by the act , including the need and use of the information , the estimated number of respondents , and the annual burden hours imposed .
the preamble to the final rule sets forth the information [] by the act , including the need and use of the information , the estimated number of respondents , and the annual burden hours imposed .

Organization and Use of the Audit Guide The agency 's directives should also show the specific milestones and documentation required for a procurement .
organization and use of the audit guide the agency 's directives should also show the specific milestones and documentation [] for a procurement .

Some of the documents required under different development approaches may differ .
some of the documents [] under different development approaches may differ .

Required  Requirements analysis or functional requirements document .
[]  requirements analysis or functional requirements document .

Whether all required justifications are completed and approved for other compatibility-limited requirements .
whether all [] justifications are completed and approved for other compatibility-limited requirements .

Ensure that all required justifications are completed and properly approved for such restrictions .
ensure that all [] justifications are completed and properly approved for such restrictions .

Affect on personnel : the impact on the level of support personnel needed , including the skills required .
affect on personnel : the impact on the level of support personnel needed , including the skills [] .

Required  Lessons learned report or other report by the Contracting Officer describing negotiations and selection activities .
[]  lessons learned report or other report by the contracting officer describing negotiations and selection activities .

Contract Management Contract management includes the steps required to ensure that the agency receives products and services within established costs and time frames .
contract management contract management includes the steps [] to ensure that the agency receives products and services within established costs and time frames .

An agency is required to monitor contractor performance , ensuring that work done conforms to the agency 's requirements .
an agency is [] to monitor contractor performance , ensuring that work done conforms to the agency 's requirements .

The Contracting Officer monitors costs as required by the contract type ( fixed-price or cost-reimbursable ) and makes contract modifications as needed .
the contracting officer monitors costs as [] by the contract type ( fixed-price or cost-reimbursable ) and makes contract modifications as needed .

The contract should specify all deliverables required from the vendor .
the contract should specify all deliverables [] from the vendor .

The Contracting Officer and Contracting Officer 's Representative/Contracting Officer 's Technical Representative should ensure that deliverables are received as required .
the contracting officer and contracting officer 's representative/contracting officer 's technical representative should ensure that deliverables are received as [] .

Any status and cost reports required from the contractor should be reviewed and action taken to correct problems , if necessary .
any status and cost reports [] from the contractor should be reviewed and action taken to correct problems , if necessary .

Review a sample of status and cost reports to verify that they are regularly submitted by the contractor as required by the contract .
review a sample of status and cost reports to verify that they are regularly submitted by the contractor as [] by the contract .

Internal auditors may be required to verify that the equipment or software pass the specified tests .
internal auditors may be [] to verify that the equipment or software pass the specified tests .

The degree to which a system or component isAvailability operational and accessible when required for use , often expressed as a probability .
the degree to which a system or component isavailability operational and accessible when [] for use , often expressed as a probability .

The intent is to ensure that the proposed resources can provide the required functions .
the intent is to ensure that the proposed resources can provide the [] functions .

The ability of a system or component to perform itsReliability required functions under stated conditions for a stated period of time .
the ability of a system or component to perform itsreliability [] functions under stated conditions for a stated period of time .

Major characteristics include input/output requirements , amount and kinds of computation , and computer resources required .
major characteristics include input/output requirements , amount and kinds of computation , and computer resources [] .

Agency Comments As required by generally accepted government auditing standards , GAO provides responsible agency officials and other directly affected parties with an opportunity to review and provide comments on a draft of a report before it is issued .
agency comments as [] by generally accepted government auditing standards , gao provides responsible agency officials and other directly affected parties with an opportunity to review and provide comments on a draft of a report before it is issued .

Using these criteria , GAO will generally give an agency from 7 to 30 calendar days to comment on a report unless otherwise required by law .
using these criteria , gao will generally give an agency from 7 to 30 calendar days to comment on a report unless otherwise [] by law .

GAO is required to follow the rules of the Senate and the Page 21 GAO-03-232SP GAO 's Agency Protocols House and relevant committees or subcommittees in connection with any such testimonies .
gao is [] to follow the rules of the senate and the page 21 gao-03-232sp gao 's agency protocols house and relevant committees or subcommittees in connection with any such testimonies .

In accordance with these standards , all OSI work is conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform it and who exercise due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) in the performance of their work .
in accordance with these standards , all osi work is conducted by personnel who collectively possess the [] knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform it and who exercise due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) in the performance of their work .

GAO is also authorized to inspect an agency 's records to secure the required information .
gao is also authorized to inspect an agency 's records to secure the [] information .

Obtaining Access to Information same level of confidentiality and protection required of the agency .
obtaining access to information same level of confidentiality and protection [] of the agency .

The original certification procedure required submission of a written application , test report and fee ( and a device for testing in some cases ) to the FCC laboratory .
the original certification procedure [] submission of a written application , test report and fee ( and a device for testing in some cases ) to the fcc laboratory .

GAO/OGC-96-21 Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-96-21 enclosed is our assessment of the fcc 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The Commission indicated in its submission that it was not required to prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .
the commission indicated in its submission that it was not [] to prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .

The Commission also reports that it forwarded a copy of its initial regulatory flexibility analysis to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) as required by the Act , and that the SBA did not file comments .
the commission also reports that it forwarded a copy of its initial regulatory flexibility analysis to the chief counsel for advocacy of the small business administration ( sba ) as [] by the act , and that the sba did not file comments .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities In addition to the actions required by 5 U.S.C .
section 609 : participation by small entities in addition to the actions [] by 5 u.s.c .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through GAO/OGC-96-37 ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of the federal communications commission 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through gao/ogc-96-37 ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The Commission has advised our Office that it was not required to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .
the commission has advised our office that it was not [] to prepare and did not prepare a cost-benefit analysis of the rule .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information [] by paragraphs 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) .

The analysis includes the information required by paragraph 604 ( a ) by summarizing and evaluating relevant comments received .
the analysis includes the information [] by paragraph 604 ( a ) by summarizing and evaluating relevant comments received .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities In addition to the actions required by 5 U.S.C .
section 609 : participation by small entities in addition to the actions [] by 5 u.s.c .

However , one thing that should emerge quite clearly from the discussion of design features intrinsic to the case study is that it can be a rather costly endeavor , given the time required , the rich in-depth nature of the information sought , and the need to achieve credibility .
however , one thing that should emerge quite clearly from the discussion of design features intrinsic to the case study is that it can be a rather costly endeavor , given the time [] , the rich in-depth nature of the information sought , and the need to achieve credibility .

The next sections of this paper will first present some new ways of thinking about a familiar method , the case study , and then introduce the six applications , describing what is required , in terms of methodology , to get the benefits case studies can offer .
the next sections of this paper will first present some new ways of thinking about a familiar method , the case study , and then introduce the six applications , describing what is [] , in terms of methodology , to get the benefits case studies can offer .

For example , if we were asked to study what caused the Three Mile Island disaster and scoped the job to describe whether required safeguards were complied with , this would not be a case study .
for example , if we were asked to study what caused the three mile island disaster and scoped the job to describe whether [] safeguards were complied with , this would not be a case study .

The validity of the findings , particularly validity with regard to Table 2.2 : Complexity of Questions Example Characteristic A less complex question Are U.S. airports following required U.S. and international security procedures for passengers ?
the validity of the findings , particularly validity with regard to table 2.2 : complexity of questions example characteristic a less complex question are u.s. airports following [] u.s. and international security procedures for passengers ?

Criterion is fairly clear : `` required U.S. and international security procedures '' Focus is narrow : `` passengers '' Influences on compliance are likely to be relatively few : staff knowledge of procedures , staff training in their implementation , functioning equipment , number of staff compared to workflow , degree of supervision , staff screening and selection Relation of input ( influences on compliance ) to output ( that required security procedures are followed ) is fairly direct ( continued )
criterion is fairly clear : `` [] u.s. and international security procedures '' focus is narrow : `` passengers '' influences on compliance are likely to be relatively few : staff knowledge of procedures , staff training in their implementation , functioning equipment , number of staff compared to workflow , degree of supervision , staff screening and selection relation of input ( influences on compliance ) to output ( that [] security procedures are followed ) is fairly direct ( continued )

That is , ease of collecting data and minimizing resources required would have driven our choice .
that is , ease of collecting data and minimizing resources [] would have driven our choice .

Usually , in such studies , generalization is wanted and care is required to negotiate the question with the customer ( best situations ?
usually , in such studies , generalization is wanted and care is [] to negotiate the question with the customer ( best situations ?

The multiple sites usually required for program implementation questions impose demands on training and supervision needed for quality control .
the multiple sites usually [] for program implementation questions impose demands on training and supervision needed for quality control .

That is , time is needed to train staff adequately in such case study techniques as the note-taking required for thick descriptions , which is in turn required for the content analysis of themes in the instance .
that is , time is needed to train staff adequately in such case study techniques as the note-taking [] for thick descriptions , which is in turn [] for the content analysis of themes in the instance .

After identifying the findings of particular interest , case studies would be conducted in sites selected to maximize the ability to get the specific understanding required .
after identifying the findings of particular interest , case studies would be conducted in sites selected to maximize the ability to get the specific understanding [] .

It differs from an evaluation synthesis in that special techniques are required to aggregate the qualitative information that often is a feature of case studies and to maintain the sense of the `` instance as a whole '' in its complexity that distinguishes case studies from surveys of several sites .
it differs from an evaluation synthesis in that special techniques are [] to aggregate the qualitative information that often is a feature of case studies and to maintain the sense of the `` instance as a whole '' in its complexity that distinguishes case studies from surveys of several sites .

In this phase , the Page 69 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations evaluator collects more information , as required by the specifications from the `` think '' cycle .
in this phase , the page 69 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations evaluator collects more information , as [] by the specifications from the `` think '' cycle .

When both broad generalizations and in-depth understanding are required , designs that cumulate case studies over a wide number of sites and settings , or that combine case study methods and other methods in one concurrent effort may meet this dual need ( U.S. General Accounting Office , April 2 , 1984 ) .
when both broad generalizations and in-depth understanding are [] , designs that cumulate case studies over a wide number of sites and settings , or that combine case study methods and other methods in one concurrent effort may meet this dual need ( u.s. general accounting office , april 2 , 1984 ) .

However , the diversity of the population to which generalization is required is a limiting factor in case study applications .
however , the diversity of the population to which generalization is [] is a limiting factor in case study applications .

The detail is greater than that required in other methods .
the detail is greater than that [] in other methods .

For GAO reports , the job documentation should contain evidence that the evaluation team as a group possessed the skills required and assurance that there were no impediments to impartiality among individual team members .
for gao reports , the job documentation should contain evidence that the evaluation team as a group possessed the skills [] and assurance that there were no impediments to impartiality among individual team members .

Enclosed is our assessment of HHS ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of hhs ' compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

An additional accountability mechanism is that the Chief Operating Officer and the Secretary of Education are required to agree on , and make public , a 5-year performance plan that establishes the Office 's goals and objectives .
an additional accountability mechanism is that the chief operating officer and the secretary of education are [] to agree on , and make public , a 5-year performance plan that establishes the office 's goals and objectives .

GAO/OGC-97-23 Enclosed is our assessment of the SSA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-97-23 enclosed is our assessment of the ssa 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Since sections 211 and 212 of Public Law 104-193 were effective upon enactment and section 215 required the Commissioner to issue regulations to carry out the amendments within 3 months after enactment , the Commissioner found that it would be impracticable and contrary to congressional intent to follow the NPRM procedures .
since sections 211 and 212 of public law 104-193 were effective upon enactment and section 215 [] the commissioner to issue regulations to carry out the amendments within 3 months after enactment , the commissioner found that it would be impracticable and contrary to congressional intent to follow the nprm procedures .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule and amendments .
enclosed is our assessment of the commission 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule and amendments .

The Securities and Exchange Commission stated in its report to us that it was not required to prepare , and did not prepare , a cost-benefit analysis of the rule and rule amendments .
the securities and exchange commission stated in its report to us that it was not [] to prepare , and did not prepare , a cost-benefit analysis of the rule and rule amendments .

Enclosed is our assessment of FDA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of fda 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

OMB did not approve the information collection as submitted , but required FDA to invite comments on the information collection when the final rule was published .
omb did not approve the information collection as submitted , but [] fda to invite comments on the information collection when the final rule was published .

This act and other laws define the general responsibilities of the CIO and many of the processes required to manage information in the federal government .
this act and other laws define the general responsibilities of the cio and many of the processes [] to manage information in the federal government .

For the government  s major departments and agencies , these laws ( 1 ) established senior-level CFO positions , ( 2 ) required annual financial statement audits , and ( 3 ) set expectations for more modern systems to support integrated management of budget , accounting , and program information .
for the government  s major departments and agencies , these laws ( 1 ) established senior-level cfo positions , ( 2 ) [] annual financial statement audits , and ( 3 ) set expectations for more modern systems to support integrated management of budget , accounting , and program information .

Further , amendments to the PRA in 1995 required that agencies indicate in strategic information resources management plans how they are applying information resources to improve the productivity , efficiency , and effectiveness of government programs , including improvements in the delivery of services to the public .
further , amendments to the pra in 1995 [] that agencies indicate in strategic information resources management plans how they are applying information resources to improve the productivity , efficiency , and effectiveness of government programs , including improvements in the delivery of services to the public .

Among other things , the Clinger-Cohen Act also ( 1 ) required senior executive involvement in IT decision-making , ( 2 ) imposed much-needed discipline in acquiring and managing technology resources , ( 3 ) called for the redesign of inefficient work processes before investing in technology , and ( 4 ) repealed the Brooks Act , eliminating GSA  s central acquisition authority .
among other things , the clinger-cohen act also ( 1 ) [] senior executive involvement in it decision-making , ( 2 ) imposed much-needed discipline in acquiring and managing technology resources , ( 3 ) called for the redesign of inefficient work processes before investing in technology , and ( 4 ) repealed the brooks act , eliminating gsa  s central acquisition authority .

They required that any IT initiative include collaboration between a sector CIO and a process-responsible CIO , as illustrated in figure 4 .
they [] that any it initiative include collaboration between a sector cio and a process-responsible cio , as illustrated in figure 4 .

In a number of instances , the organizations we visited used uncomplicated terms to communicate measures , but the underlying concepts were quite involved and required a good understanding of IT and business fundamentals .
in a number of instances , the organizations we visited used uncomplicated terms to communicate measures , but the underlying concepts were quite involved and [] a good understanding of it and business fundamentals .

For example , one organization that we studied had experienced two mergers that required the company to quickly integrate the new businesses and restructure to meet growing business needs .
for example , one organization that we studied had experienced two mergers that [] the company to quickly integrate the new businesses and restructure to meet growing business needs .

The mergers required that the organization quickly adopt new organizational structures and address new business requirements .
the mergers [] that the organization quickly adopt new organizational structures and address new business requirements .

Further , the act sets up a series of pilot audits under which certain agencies are required to prepare agencywide financial statements and subject them to audit by the agencies  inspectors general .
further , the act sets up a series of pilot audits under which certain agencies are [] to prepare agencywide financial statements and subject them to audit by the agencies  inspectors general .

Enclosed is our assessment of HUD 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our assessment of hud 's compliance with the procedural steps [] by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

In the preambles to the proposed and final rules , HUD states without elaboration2 that `` by approving [ the rule the Secretary ] certifies that [ it ] does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , other than those impacts specifically required to be applied universally by the RESPA statute .
in the preambles to the proposed and final rules , hud states without elaboration2 that `` by approving [ the rule the secretary ] certifies that [ it ] does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , other than those impacts specifically [] to be applied universally by the respa statute .

The preamble to the final rule states that HUD consulted with other Federal agencies , as required by section 8 ( c ) ( 5 ) .
the preamble to the final rule states that hud consulted with other federal agencies , as [] by section 8 ( c ) ( 5 ) .

Unlike indigent clients who seek LSC representation , the patient in Rust was not required to forfeit the Govern-ment-funded advice when she also received abortion counseling through alternative channels .
unlike indigent clients who seek lsc representation , the patient in rust was not [] to forfeit the govern-ment-funded advice when she also received abortion counseling through alternative channels .

Congress was not required to fund an LSC attorney to represent indigent clients ; and when it did so , it was not required to fund the whole range of legal representations or relationships .
congress was not [] to fund an lsc attorney to represent indigent clients ; and when it did so , it was not [] to fund the whole range of legal representations or relationships .

Grantees were required to submit reports outlining their state plans by October 1 , 1998 .
grantees were [] to submit reports outlining their state plans by october 1 , 1998 .

Each board is required to have a standing committee to monitor board and program diversity .
each board is [] to have a standing committee to monitor board and program diversity .

Grantees were required to submit a report outlining their state plans by October 1 , 1998 .
grantees were [] to submit a report outlining their state plans by october 1 , 1998 .

LSC required its grantees in each state to work with each other and with other equal justice stakeholders to develop justice communities that best respond to clients ' most compelling needs , ensure the most strategic and cost-effective use of all available resources , and maximize the opportunity for clients statewide to receive timely , effective , and appropriate legal services .
lsc [] its grantees in each state to work with each other and with other equal justice stakeholders to develop justice communities that best respond to clients ' most compelling needs , ensure the most strategic and cost-effective use of all available resources , and maximize the opportunity for clients statewide to receive timely , effective , and appropriate legal services .

The state planning initiative required LSC to become something different , transforming itself into an agent of change and an equity partner capable of effecting large-scale reformation in a moribund delivery system .
the state planning initiative [] lsc to become something different , transforming itself into an agent of change and an equity partner capable of effecting large-scale reformation in a moribund delivery system .

At the same time that LSC was launching its state planning initiative , Congress required LSC to cease funding its grantees `` presumptively '' and to begin to fund programs on a competitive basis .
at the same time that lsc was launching its state planning initiative , congress [] lsc to cease funding its grantees `` presumptively '' and to begin to fund programs on a competitive basis .

When an applicant seeks federal funding from LSC and as they become grantees , they are required , as a condition of continued federal funding , to pursue state planning with all other LSC-funded grantees , The penultimate goals is the establishment of `` communities of justice '' in every state .
when an applicant seeks federal funding from lsc and as they become grantees , they are [] , as a condition of continued federal funding , to pursue state planning with all other lsc-funded grantees , the penultimate goals is the establishment of `` communities of justice '' in every state .

Valid regulations implementing the statute required funding recipients to refer pregnant clients `` for appropriate prenatal .
valid regulations implementing the statute [] funding recipients to refer pregnant clients `` for appropriate prenatal .

Ortwein v. Schwab , 410 U. S. 656 , 658-660 , and n. 5 ( 1973 ) ( per curiam ) ( government not required by Amendment or Due Process Clause to waive filing fee for welfare benefits litigation ) .
ortwein v. schwab , 410 u. s. 656 , 658-660 , and n. 5 ( 1973 ) ( per curiam ) ( government not [] by amendment or due process clause to waive filing fee for welfare benefits litigation ) .

Respondents properly concede that even if welfare claimants can not obtain a lawyer anywhere else , the Government is not required to provide one .
respondents properly concede that even if welfare claimants can not obtain a lawyer anywhere else , the government is not [] to provide one .

Brief for Respondents 16 ; accord , Goldberg v. Kelly , 397 U. S. 254 , 270 ( 1970 ) ( government not required to provide counsel at hearing regarding termination of welfare benefits ) .
brief for respondents 16 ; accord , goldberg v. kelly , 397 u. s. 254 , 270 ( 1970 ) ( government not [] to provide counsel at hearing regarding termination of welfare benefits ) .

This difference , of course , is required by the same ethical canons that the Court elsewhere does not wish to distort .
this difference , of course , is [] by the same ethical canons that the court elsewhere does not wish to distort .

The 1988 Amendments to the Inspector General Act of 1978 ( `` 1978 Act '' ) required LSC to establish an Office of Inspector General ( `` OIG '' ) and extended specific provisions of the 1978 Act to LSC .
the 1988 amendments to the inspector general act of 1978 ( `` 1978 act '' ) [] lsc to establish an office of inspector general ( `` oig '' ) and extended specific provisions of the 1978 act to lsc .

Disclosure of information not required by these sections of the 1996 appropriation provisions is governed by sections 1006 ( b ) ( 3 ) and 1009 ( d ) of the LSC Act .
disclosure of information not [] by these sections of the 1996 appropriation provisions is governed by sections 1006 ( b ) ( 3 ) and 1009 ( d ) of the lsc act .

In addition , upon request , recipients must also provide LSC access to original unredacted client `` statement of facts , '' as required by 45 CFR 1636 .
in addition , upon request , recipients must also provide lsc access to original unredacted client `` statement of facts , '' as [] by 45 cfr 1636 .

As such , OCE will notify the recipient orally and in writing when the scope of the review has changed or expanded and what information and records are further required .
as such , oce will notify the recipient orally and in writing when the scope of the review has changed or expanded and what information and records are further [] .

Since 1983 , the Corporation 's appropriations act and its regulation on the representation of aliens have required that an alien be `` present in the United States '' to be eligible for legal assistance from an LSC grantee .
since 1983 , the corporation 's appropriations act and its regulation on the representation of aliens have [] that an alien be `` present in the united states '' to be eligible for legal assistance from an lsc grantee .

In addition , if the worker is required to be in the United States throughout the course of the representation , the right to legal assistance would be lost altogether .
in addition , if the worker is [] to be in the united states throughout the course of the representation , the right to legal assistance would be lost altogether .

LSC grantees are authorized to litigate this narrow range of claims to completion , despite the fact that the alien may be required to depart the United States prior to or during the course of the representation .
lsc grantees are authorized to litigate this narrow range of claims to completion , despite the fact that the alien may be [] to depart the united states prior to or during the course of the representation .

Since 1983 , the Corporation 's appropriations act and its regulation on the representation of aliens have required that an alien be `` present in the United States '' to be eligible for legal assistance from an LSC grantee .
since 1983 , the corporation 's appropriations act and its regulation on the representation of aliens have [] that an alien be `` present in the united states '' to be eligible for legal assistance from an lsc grantee .

Congress further recognized that the H-2A provisions 9 required enforcement mechanisms lest they become mere paper guarantees .
congress further recognized that the h-2a provisions 9 [] enforcement mechanisms lest they become mere paper guarantees .

Workers Compensation : Agricultural employers of H-2A workers are required to enroll in state workers compensation programs or to provide equivalent insurance coverage for both domestic and foreign workers .
workers compensation : agricultural employers of h-2a workers are [] to enroll in state workers compensation programs or to provide equivalent insurance coverage for both domestic and foreign workers .

Growers are not required to pay unemployment or social security taxes for H-2A workers .
growers are not [] to pay unemployment or social security taxes for h-2a workers .

H-2A Aliens H-2A agricultural workers are required to maintain a foreign residence which they have no intention of abandoning .
h-2a aliens h-2a agricultural workers are [] to maintain a foreign residence which they have no intention of abandoning .

Their authorized stay in the United States depends upon the terms of their employment contract ; and they are required to leave the United States within 10 days of the end of their contract .
their authorized stay in the united states depends upon the terms of their employment contract ; and they are [] to leave the united states within 10 days of the end of their contract .

Where the prevailing wage required by federal law is disputed or under administrative review , a worker 's claim that the employer failed to pay the prevailing wage may not arise until the worker has returned home .
where the prevailing wage [] by federal law is disputed or under administrative review , a worker 's claim that the employer failed to pay the prevailing wage may not arise until the worker has returned home .

For example , in Washington State , wrongful discharge claims which can not be resolved informally may take as long as one year to resolve at the administrative level and as long as three years if litigation is required .
for example , in washington state , wrongful discharge claims which can not be resolved informally may take as long as one year to resolve at the administrative level and as long as three years if litigation is [] .

In many of these cases , additional time will be required if cases are appealed or new trials are granted .
in many of these cases , additional time will be [] if cases are appealed or new trials are granted .

Either they would be required to terminate representation each time the client leaves the country , April Testimony at 12 ( testimony of Cynthia Rice , California Rural Legal Assistance ) , or clients at the outset of representation would be faced with having to choose between giving up their right to travel outside the country , even for a family emergency , or giving up their right to legal services representation .
either they would be [] to terminate representation each time the client leaves the country , april testimony at 12 ( testimony of cynthia rice , california rural legal assistance ) , or clients at the outset of representation would be faced with having to choose between giving up their right to travel outside the country , even for a family emergency , or giving up their right to legal services representation .

LSC-funded attorneys would be required to monitor the movements of their clients , and to withdraw from cases whenever their alien clients leave the United States .
lsc-funded attorneys would be [] to monitor the movements of their clients , and to withdraw from cases whenever their alien clients leave the united states .

A motion to withdraw may be denied by the court , and the attorney required to personally support the costs of the litigation .
a motion to withdraw may be denied by the court , and the attorney [] to personally support the costs of the litigation .

Professional Obligations After examining rules of professional responsibility in their states , attorneys in North Carolina , Pennsylvania , Washington , Oregon , and New Mexico have concluded that the rules would prohibit them from commencing representation of an alien client if they would be required to terminate representation upon the alien 's temporary departure from the United States .
professional obligations after examining rules of professional responsibility in their states , attorneys in north carolina , pennsylvania , washington , oregon , and new mexico have concluded that the rules would prohibit them from commencing representation of an alien client if they would be [] to terminate representation upon the alien 's temporary departure from the united states .

This commentator concluded that if the client agrees to the representation with the knowledge that the attorney must seek to withdraw under the rules , and the court refuses to grant the withdrawal motion , the attorney would be required to continue the representation .
this commentator concluded that if the client agrees to the representation with the knowledge that the attorney must seek to withdraw under the rules , and the court refuses to grant the withdrawal motion , the attorney would be [] to continue the representation .

Originally , these provisos permitted the use of LSC funds for legal assistance to an alien if the alien was `` a resident of the United States '' and fell within one of the permissible alien categories , all of which required that an alien was in lawful status.15 See , e.g. , Fiscal Year Appropriations , 1982 , Pub .
originally , these provisos permitted the use of lsc funds for legal assistance to an alien if the alien was `` a resident of the united states '' and fell within one of the permissible alien categories , all of which [] that an alien was in lawful status.15 see , e.g. , fiscal year appropriations , 1982 , pub .

An interpretation that required the alien to be continuously present throughout the course of the litigation would confront indigent aliens with the Hobson 's choice of either accepting representation or visiting their families abroad .
an interpretation that [] the alien to be continuously present throughout the course of the litigation would confront indigent aliens with the hobson 's choice of either accepting representation or visiting their families abroad .

H-2A aliens are required by law to leave the country within ten days of the termination of their employment , and generally remain in the control of the employer during this period .
h-2a aliens are [] by law to leave the country within ten days of the termination of their employment , and generally remain in the control of the employer during this period .

Alternatively , an interpretation of the presence requirement that required H-2A workers to be present in the United States throughout the course of the representation would eviscerate their right to legal representation altogether .
alternatively , an interpretation of the presence requirement that [] h-2a workers to be present in the united states throughout the course of the representation would eviscerate their right to legal representation altogether .

H-2A workers by definition are required to leave the United States within a year , and the record establishes that most H-2A workers are physically present in the United States for only two to five months .
h-2a workers by definition are [] to leave the united states within a year , and the record establishes that most h-2a workers are physically present in the united states for only two to five months .

In short , the record is clear that H-2A workers are unlikely to raise legal claims before the end of their employment contract , that they are required to leave the United States at the end of their contracts , that many of their claims arise after their departure , and that legal proceedings can not be completed before they depart .
in short , the record is clear that h-2a workers are unlikely to raise legal claims before the end of their employment contract , that they are [] to leave the united states at the end of their contracts , that many of their claims arise after their departure , and that legal proceedings can not be completed before they depart .

LSC grantees are authorized to litigate this narrow range of claims to completion , despite the fact that the alien may be required to depart the United States prior to or during the course of the representation .
lsc grantees are authorized to litigate this narrow range of claims to completion , despite the fact that the alien may be [] to depart the united states prior to or during the course of the representation .

Our special grant conditions required periodic submission of written progress reports on achieving a comprehensive integrated delivery system .
our special grant conditions [] periodic submission of written progress reports on achieving a comprehensive integrated delivery system .

All fourteen visits lasted several days ( one required 10 business days due to the size and location of the program ) , and involved two to five persons .
all fourteen visits lasted several days ( one [] 10 business days due to the size and location of the program ) , and involved two to five persons .

CSR 's , which grantees are required to submit annually to LSC , contain data on program staff as well as on cases closed during a calendar year .
csr 's , which grantees are [] to submit annually to lsc , contain data on program staff as well as on cases closed during a calendar year .

All grantees are required to submit their Self-Inspection Certification and Summary Forms to LSC in March of each year for the previous year .
all grantees are [] to submit their self-inspection certification and summary forms to lsc in march of each year for the previous year .

Screening them required seven review sessions with outside panels , internal review sessions , and special sessions with OPP staff to analyze how the applications affected program quality and state planning concerns .
screening them [] seven review sessions with outside panels , internal review sessions , and special sessions with opp staff to analyze how the applications affected program quality and state planning concerns .

The LSC contract required NCPL to produce a 250-page Poverty Law Manual that introduces advocates to the fundamentals of poverty law .
the lsc contract [] ncpl to produce a 250-page poverty law manual that introduces advocates to the fundamentals of poverty law .

In addition , LSC has required all grantees to perform a self-inspection of their CSR data , has followed up on grantees where corrective action was found necessary , and has increased its on-site presence to test grantee compliance .
in addition , lsc has [] all grantees to perform a self-inspection of their csr data , has followed up on grantees where corrective action was found necessary , and has increased its on-site presence to test grantee compliance .

Programs have been required to screen their submissions for `` duplicates . ''
programs have been [] to screen their submissions for `` duplicates . ''

It has also been clarified that if a case fails to meet any required documentation ( financial eligibility , citizenship/eligible alien status , within program priorities , etc . )
it has also been clarified that if a case fails to meet any [] documentation ( financial eligibility , citizenship/eligible alien status , within program priorities , etc . )

Further , under its state planning initiative that mandates all grantees within a particular state work together to create a comprehensive and integrated statewide delivery system , grantees are required to address how they will work together to expand the resources available within that state to support legal services .
further , under its state planning initiative that mandates all grantees within a particular state work together to create a comprehensive and integrated statewide delivery system , grantees are [] to address how they will work together to expand the resources available within that state to support legal services .

For example , it has been clarified that if a case file fails to contain any required documentation 14 The Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law held an oversight hearing on Legal Services Corporation September 29 , 1999 .
for example , it has been clarified that if a case file fails to contain any [] documentation 14 the subcommittee on commercial and administrative law held an oversight hearing on legal services corporation september 29 , 1999 .

As a result , numerous cases have been excluded from reporting , even though the client received legal service , because the case lacked the required documentation .
as a result , numerous cases have been excluded from reporting , even though the client received legal service , because the case lacked the [] documentation .

Assuming inflation remains at current rates through 2001 , almost $ 450 million is required in FY01 to maintain the purchasing power ( and services ) of the FY95 level .
assuming inflation remains at current rates through 2001 , almost $ 450 million is [] in fy01 to maintain the purchasing power ( and services ) of the fy95 level .

LSC , therefore , required its grantees to begin to examine , on a statewide level , how all grantees in a particular state would serve in the present , and plan to serve in the future , the civil legal needs of low-income persons .
lsc , therefore , [] its grantees to begin to examine , on a statewide level , how all grantees in a particular state would serve in the present , and plan to serve in the future , the civil legal needs of low-income persons .

Each region was required to develop its own plan for a full service regional delivery system , with sufficient capacities in the areas outlined in LSC 's program letters .
each region was [] to develop its own plan for a full service regional delivery system , with sufficient capacities in the areas outlined in lsc 's program letters .

The planning processes under way across the country have required a tremendous expenditure of time and energy , as well as actual out-of-pocket costs for staff , planning consultants , and other expenses .
the planning processes under way across the country have [] a tremendous expenditure of time and energy , as well as actual out-of-pocket costs for staff , planning consultants , and other expenses .

USE OF TECHNOLOGY Commitment : Statewide technology plans required as part of the State Planning Initiative .
use of technology commitment : statewide technology plans [] as part of the state planning initiative .

Because of the large volume ( often 400 L/day ) of effluent normally required for flow-through tests , it is generally considered too costly and impractical to conduct these tests off-site at a central laboratory .
because of the large volume ( often 400 l/day ) of effluent normally [] for flow-through tests , it is generally considered too costly and impractical to conduct these tests off-site at a central laboratory .

Limited resources ( space , manpower , equipment ) required ; would permit staff to perform many more tests in the same amount of time .
limited resources ( space , manpower , equipment ) [] ; would permit staff to perform many more tests in the same amount of time .

Because of the resources required , it would be very difficult to perform multiple or overlapping sequential tests .
because of the resources [] , it would be very difficult to perform multiple or overlapping sequential tests .

Permittees are required to retain records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 CFR 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .
permittees are [] to retain records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 cfr 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .

These data must be submitted to the permitting authority ( State or Region ) if required .
these data must be submitted to the permitting authority ( state or region ) if [] .

The required QA/QC records , such as the single laboratory precision data , would not be available .
the [] qa/qc records , such as the single laboratory precision data , would not be available .

For this reason , the use of early life stages , such as first instars of daphnids and juvenile mysids and fish , is required for all tests .
for this reason , the use of early life stages , such as first instars of daphnids and juvenile mysids and fish , is [] for all tests .

However , if this is impractical because of the large volumes of water required , such as in flow-through tests , the highest effluent concentration ( lowest salinity ) that could be tested would depend upon the salinity of the receiving water and the tolerance of the test organisms .
however , if this is impractical because of the large volumes of water [] , such as in flow-through tests , the highest effluent concentration ( lowest salinity ) that could be tested would depend upon the salinity of the receiving water and the tolerance of the test organisms .

The required salinities for toxicity tests with estuarine and marine species are listed in Tables 16-19 .
the [] salinities for toxicity tests with estuarine and marine species are listed in tables 16-19 .

Permittees are required to retain records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 CFR 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .
permittees are [] to retain records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 cfr 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .

These data must be submitted to the permitting authority ( State or Region ) if required .
these data must be submitted to the permitting authority ( state or region ) if [] .

It is often difficult to collect organisms of the required age and quality from the receiving water .
it is often difficult to collect organisms of the [] age and quality from the receiving water .

The required QA/QC records , such as the single-laboratory precision data , would not be available .
the [] qa/qc records , such as the single-laboratory precision data , would not be available .

For this reason , the use of early life stages , such as juvenile mysids and larval fish , is required for all tests .
for this reason , the use of early life stages , such as juvenile mysids and larval fish , is [] for all tests .

The required salinities for culturing and toxicity tests with estuarine and marine species are listed in the test method sections .
the [] salinities for culturing and toxicity tests with estuarine and marine species are listed in the test method sections .

Except where it is used within 24 h , or in the case where large volumes are required for flow through tests , the sample should be chilled to 0-6C during or immediately following collection , and maintained at that temperature prior to use in the test .
except where it is used within 24 h , or in the case where large volumes are [] for flow through tests , the sample should be chilled to 0-6c during or immediately following collection , and maintained at that temperature prior to use in the test .

In such cases , deionized water or uncontaminated freshwater is added to the saline water to dilute it to the required test salinity .
in such cases , deionized water or uncontaminated freshwater is added to the saline water to dilute it to the [] test salinity .

Additional seawater may be added to the brine to obtain the volume of brine required .
additional seawater may be added to the brine to obtain the volume of brine [] .

The time required for the effluent-receiving-water mixture to travel to sampling points away from the effluent , and the rate and degree of mixing , may be difficult to ascertain .
the time [] for the effluent-receiving-water mixture to travel to sampling points away from the effluent , and the rate and degree of mixing , may be difficult to ascertain .

Insulating material should not be placed between the ice and the sample in the shipping container unless required to prevent breakage of glass sample containers .
insulating material should not be placed between the ice and the sample in the shipping container unless [] to prevent breakage of glass sample containers .

Note that the amount of thiosulfate required to dechlorinate effluents is greater than the amount needed to dechlorinate tap water , ( see Section 7 , Dilution Water ) .
note that the amount of thiosulfate [] to dechlorinate effluents is greater than the amount needed to dechlorinate tap water , ( see section 7 , dilution water ) .

Freshwater samples are adjusted to pH 7.0 , and marine samples are adjusted to pH 8.0 , by adding 1N NaOH or 1N HCl dropwise , as required , being careful to avoid overadjustment .
freshwater samples are adjusted to ph 7.0 , and marine samples are adjusted to ph 8.0 , by adding 1n naoh or 1n hcl dropwise , as [] , being careful to avoid overadjustment .

Four replicates and 10 organisms per replicate are required for each treatment ( see Summary of Test Conditions and Test Acceptability Criteria in the specific test method ) .
four replicates and 10 organisms per replicate are [] for each treatment ( see summary of test conditions and test acceptability criteria in the specific test method ) .

This situation may arise when test data do not meet specific assumptions required by the statistical methods , when point estimates are outside of the test concentration range , and when specific limitations imposed by the software are encountered .
this situation may arise when test data do not meet specific assumptions [] by the statistical methods , when point estimates are outside of the test concentration range , and when specific limitations imposed by the software are encountered .

The level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for obtaining the toxicity data .
the level of sensitivity [] by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for obtaining the toxicity data .

More than the minimum number of replicates may be required in situations where it is imperative to obtain optimal statistical results , such as with tests used in enforcement cases or when it is not possible to repeat the tests .
more than the minimum number of replicates may be [] in situations where it is imperative to obtain optimal statistical results , such as with tests used in enforcement cases or when it is not possible to repeat the tests .

For WET test data submitted under NPDES permits , all required test conditions must be met or the test is considered invalid and must be repeated with a newly collected sample .
for wet test data submitted under npdes permits , all [] test conditions must be met or the test is considered invalid and must be repeated with a newly collected sample .

Reference toxicant testing and control charting is required for documenting the quality of test organisms ( Subsection 4.7 ) and ongoing laboratory performance ( Subsection 4.16 ) .
reference toxicant testing and control charting is [] for documenting the quality of test organisms ( subsection 4.7 ) and ongoing laboratory performance ( subsection 4.16 ) .

The reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .
the reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency [] by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .

When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .
when the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not [] , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .

The PMSD bounds were based on a representative set of tests , including tests for which a non-parametric method was required for determining the NOEC or LOEC .
the pmsd bounds were based on a representative set of tests , including tests for which a non-parametric method was [] for determining the noec or loec .

Except where it is used within 24 h , or in the case where large volumes are required for flow through tests , the sample should be chilled to 0-6C during or immediately following collection , and maintained at that temperature prior to use in the test .
except where it is used within 24 h , or in the case where large volumes are [] for flow through tests , the sample should be chilled to 0-6c during or immediately following collection , and maintained at that temperature prior to use in the test .

The time required for the effluent-receiving-water mixture to travel to sampling points downstream from the outfall , and the rate and degree of mixing , may be difficult to ascertain .
the time [] for the effluent-receiving-water mixture to travel to sampling points downstream from the outfall , and the rate and degree of mixing , may be difficult to ascertain .

Insulating material should not be placed between the ice and the sample in the shipping container unless required to prevent breakage of glass sample containers .
insulating material should not be placed between the ice and the sample in the shipping container unless [] to prevent breakage of glass sample containers .

Note that the amount of thiosulfate required to dechlorinate effluents is greater than the amount needed to dechlorinate tap water ( see Section 7 , Dilution Water , Subsection 7.4.1 ) .
note that the amount of thiosulfate [] to dechlorinate effluents is greater than the amount needed to dechlorinate tap water ( see section 7 , dilution water , subsection 7.4.1 ) .

Freshwater samples are adjusted to pH 7.0 by adding 1N NaOH or 1N HCl dropwise , as required , being careful to avoid overadjustment .
freshwater samples are adjusted to ph 7.0 by adding 1n naoh or 1n hcl dropwise , as [] , being careful to avoid overadjustment .

Four replicates and 10 organisms per replicate are required for each treatment ( see Summary of Test Conditions and Test Acceptability Criteria in the specific test method ) .
four replicates and 10 organisms per replicate are [] for each treatment ( see summary of test conditions and test acceptability criteria in the specific test method ) .

This situation may arise when test data do not meet specific assumptions required by the statistical methods , when point estimates are outside of the test concentration range , and when specific limitations imposed by the software are encountered .
this situation may arise when test data do not meet specific assumptions [] by the statistical methods , when point estimates are outside of the test concentration range , and when specific limitations imposed by the software are encountered .

The level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for obtaining the toxicity data .
the level of sensitivity [] by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for obtaining the toxicity data .

More than the minimum number of replicates may be required in situations where it is imperative to obtain optimal statistical results , such as with tests used in enforcement cases or when it is not possible to repeat the tests .
more than the minimum number of replicates may be [] in situations where it is imperative to obtain optimal statistical results , such as with tests used in enforcement cases or when it is not possible to repeat the tests .

For WET test data submitted under NPDES permits , all required test conditions must be met or the test is considered invalid and must be repeated with a newly collected sample .
for wet test data submitted under npdes permits , all [] test conditions must be met or the test is considered invalid and must be repeated with a newly collected sample .

Reference toxicant testing and control charting is required for documenting the quality of test organisms ( Subsection 4.7 ) and ongoing laboratory performance ( Subsection 4.16 ) .
reference toxicant testing and control charting is [] for documenting the quality of test organisms ( subsection 4.7 ) and ongoing laboratory performance ( subsection 4.16 ) .

The reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .
the reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency [] by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .

When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .
when the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not [] , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .

The PMSD bounds were based on a representative set of tests , including tests for which a non-parametric method was required for determining the NOEC or LOEC .
the pmsd bounds were based on a representative set of tests , including tests for which a non-parametric method was [] for determining the noec or loec .

Limited resources ( space , manpower , equipment ) required ; would permit staff to perform more tests in the same amount of time .
limited resources ( space , manpower , equipment ) [] ; would permit staff to perform more tests in the same amount of time .

The legislation should provide regulatory certainty by establishing reduction targets for emissions , phasing in reductions over a reasonable period of time and providing market-based incentives such as emissions-trading credits to help achieve the required reductions . ''
the legislation should provide regulatory certainty by establishing reduction targets for emissions , phasing in reductions over a reasonable period of time and providing market-based incentives such as emissions-trading credits to help achieve the [] reductions . ''

Emissions were reduced faster than required , and at far less cost .
emissions were reduced faster than [] , and at far less cost .

The trading program creates incentives for electricity generators to reduce their emissions even more than the law requires , and more quickly than required .
the trading program creates incentives for electricity generators to reduce their emissions even more than the law requires , and more quickly than [] .

The cap ensures that the reductions in SO2 , NOx and mercury required by the Clear Skies Initiative are achieved and maintained over time even as new power plants are built .
the cap ensures that the reductions in so2 , nox and mercury [] by the clear skies initiative are achieved and maintained over time even as new power plants are built .

Reductions in the early years averaged 25 percent below the required cap .
reductions in the early years averaged 25 percent below the [] cap .

Because scenario A characterizes existing program and technology performance , no additional funds are required to drive that scenario .
because scenario a characterizes existing program and technology performance , no additional funds are [] to drive that scenario .

While the AEO2001 analysis anticipated no program spending to drive these changes , EPA assumed that additional spending would be required for scenario B. Calibrating to the CEF policy scenarios , EPA estimated that program and policy spending would increase by $ 0.8 billion in 2002 , rising steadily to $ 2.9 billion by 2015 .
while the aeo2001 analysis anticipated no program spending to drive these changes , epa assumed that additional spending would be [] for scenario b. calibrating to the cef policy scenarios , epa estimated that program and policy spending would increase by $ 0.8 billion in 2002 , rising steadily to $ 2.9 billion by 2015 .

Note that costs would be noticeably higher if power plants were required to actually hit the target in 2007 .
note that costs would be noticeably higher if power plants were [] to actually hit the target in 2007 .

The incremental expenditures required to generate electricity under each of the four scenarios as compared to the reference case are summarized in Figure 5 ( in billions of 1999 dollars ) .
the incremental expenditures [] to generate electricity under each of the four scenarios as compared to the reference case are summarized in figure 5 ( in billions of 1999 dollars ) .

The reason appears to be that as efficiency technology penetrates the market and reduces carbon prices , more of a price signal is required to generate further reductions in the three conventional pollutants .
the reason appears to be that as efficiency technology penetrates the market and reduces carbon prices , more of a price signal is [] to generate further reductions in the three conventional pollutants .

All units under the new trading programs must monitor the parameters required under the Acid Rain Program ( i.e. , sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , opacity , and volumetric flow ) , and those units subject to the mercury trading program must monitor mercury as well .
all units under the new trading programs must monitor the parameters [] under the acid rain program ( i.e. , sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , opacity , and volumetric flow ) , and those units subject to the mercury trading program must monitor mercury as well .

Existing Section 412 is revised to provide that , consistent with the requirement of facility-level compliance in Section 403 , the Administrator will not require a separate CEMS for each unit where two or more units utilize a single stack , unless data for individual units are required under another provision of the Clean Air Act .
existing section 412 is revised to provide that , consistent with the requirement of facility-level compliance in section 403 , the administrator will not require a separate cems for each unit where two or more units utilize a single stack , unless data for individual units are [] under another provision of the clean air act .

The procedures will apply if the Administrator is required to conduct an auction but has not yet issued regulations establishing procedures .
the procedures will apply if the administrator is [] to conduct an auction but has not yet issued regulations establishing procedures .

However , if neither the Allowance Tracking System regulations nor the allocation regulations are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected EGU is required for the year involved to meet an emission rate limit of 0.14 lb/mmBtu for units in Zone 1 or 0.25 lb/mmBtu for units in Zone 2 .
however , if neither the allowance tracking system regulations nor the allocation regulations are timely promulgated , then the second default applies under which each affected egu is [] for the year involved to meet an emission rate limit of 0.14 lb/mmbtu for units in zone 1 or 0.25 lb/mmbtu for units in zone 2 .

All units subject to a performance standard are required to monitor emissions using continuous emissions monitoring systems and to use averaging times similar to those under the existing new source performance standards .
all units subject to a performance standard are [] to monitor emissions using continuous emissions monitoring systems and to use averaging times similar to those under the existing new source performance standards .

The Administrator is required , at least every eight years , to review and , if appropriate revise , these performance standards to reflect the degree of emission limitation achievable through application of the best system of emission reduction which the Administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated .
the administrator is [] , at least every eight years , to review and , if appropriate revise , these performance standards to reflect the degree of emission limitation achievable through application of the best system of emission reduction which the administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated .

However , such review is not required if the Administrator determines that review is not appropriate in light of readily available information on the efficacy of the standard .
however , such review is not [] if the administrator determines that review is not appropriate in light of readily available information on the efficacy of the standard .

In addition , new affected units constructed after enactment will be required to meet the performance standards under Section 481 , and no additional , case-by-case review of the appropriate control technology , such as BACT or the lowest achievable emission rate ( LAER ) , will be required .
in addition , new affected units constructed after enactment will be [] to meet the performance standards under section 481 , and no additional , case-by-case review of the appropriate control technology , such as bact or the lowest achievable emission rate ( laer ) , will be [] .

Finally , if an area fails to attain the standard by December 31 , 2015 , the Administrator will be required to redesignate the area to nonattainment and the area will then be subject to the nonattainment planning requirements , including conformity and new source review .
finally , if an area fails to attain the standard by december 31 , 2015 , the administrator will be [] to redesignate the area to nonattainment and the area will then be subject to the nonattainment planning requirements , including conformity and new source review .

The Clear Skies Act further requires that , in addressing a petition submitted after enactment that requests a finding for any affected unit under the new trading programs , the Administrator must consider , among other factors , any emissions reductions required to occur by any applicable attainment dates for any relevant nonattainment areas .
the clear skies act further requires that , in addressing a petition submitted after enactment that requests a finding for any affected unit under the new trading programs , the administrator must consider , among other factors , any emissions reductions [] to occur by any applicable attainment dates for any relevant nonattainment areas .

In addition , as conditions for making a finding concerning affected units , the Administrator must determine that the required emissions reductions from the affected units are at least as cost-effective , and will improve air quality in the petitioners ' nonattainment areas at least as cost-effectively , as emissions reductions from each other principal category of sources in areas upwind of the petitioner .
in addition , as conditions for making a finding concerning affected units , the administrator must determine that the [] emissions reductions from the affected units are at least as cost-effective , and will improve air quality in the petitioners ' nonattainment areas at least as cost-effectively , as emissions reductions from each other principal category of sources in areas upwind of the petitioner .

Limited resources ( space , manpower , equipment ) required ; would permit staff to perform many more tests in the same amount of time .
limited resources ( space , manpower , equipment ) [] ; would permit staff to perform many more tests in the same amount of time .

Smaller volume of effluent required than for static renewal or flow-through tests .
smaller volume of effluent [] than for static renewal or flow-through tests .

Permittees are required to retain records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 CFR 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .
permittees are [] to retain records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 cfr 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .

These data must be submitted to the permitting authority ( State or Region ) if required .
these data must be submitted to the permitting authority ( state or region ) if [] .

It is often difficult to collect organisms of the required age and quality from the receiving water .
it is often difficult to collect organisms of the [] age and quality from the receiving water .

The required QA/QC records , such as the single laboratory precision data , would not be available .
the [] qa/qc records , such as the single laboratory precision data , would not be available .

For this reason , the use of early life stages , such as larval fish , is required for all tests .
for this reason , the use of early life stages , such as larval fish , is [] for all tests .

To ensure that the cap is met and to provide credibility , sources also are required to install systems that continuously monitor and report emissions .
to ensure that the cap is met and to provide credibility , sources also are [] to install systems that continuously monitor and report emissions .

Emissions reductions are required by the end of 2007 .
emissions reductions are [] by the end of 2007 .

States will be required to develop plans for these areas .
states will be [] to develop plans for these areas .

Because states and EPA will have to find some way to significantly reduce NOx and SO2 emissions , it is probable that power generators will be required to reduce their emissions significantly .
because states and epa will have to find some way to significantly reduce nox and so2 emissions , it is probable that power generators will be [] to reduce their emissions significantly .

We are concerned that the significant emissions reductions are required too quickly .
we are concerned that the significant emissions reductions are [] too quickly .

The implementation timing and reduction stringency of such strategies affect the quantity of resources required to complete the control technology installations and the ability of markets to adjust and to provide more resources where needed .
the implementation timing and reduction stringency of such strategies affect the quantity of resources [] to complete the control technology installations and the ability of markets to adjust and to provide more resources where needed .

This study provides an estimate of the resources required for the installation of control technologies to obtain emission reductions of sulfur dioxide ( SO2 ) , nitrogen oxides ( NOx ) , and mercury under the Clear Skies Act .
this study provides an estimate of the resources [] for the installation of control technologies to obtain emission reductions of sulfur dioxide ( so2 ) , nitrogen oxides ( nox ) , and mercury under the clear skies act .

The resources required for the installation of control technologies to achieve the emission reductions under the Clear Skies Act were estimated and compared to their current market availability .
the resources [] for the installation of control technologies to achieve the emission reductions under the clear skies act were estimated and compared to their current market availability .

This will provide a conservatively high estimate of the required resources because many of the necessary control installations have already begun .
this will provide a conservatively high estimate of the [] resources because many of the necessary control installations have already begun .

Estimated Steel Required for Multipollutant Initiative ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .40 6-3 .
estimated steel [] for multipollutant initiative ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .40 6-3 .

Estimated Annual Construction and Boilermaker Labor Required for Clear Skies Act ... ... ..41 6-4 .
estimated annual construction and boilermaker labor [] for clear skies act ... ... ..41 6-4 .

Currently , power plants are required to reduce emissions of nitrogen oxides ( NOX ) and sulfur dioxide ( SO2 ) .
currently , power plants are [] to reduce emissions of nitrogen oxides ( nox ) and sulfur dioxide ( so2 ) .

This report analyzes the resources required for installing and operating retrofit control technologies for achieving reductions in multiple pollutants from coal-fired power plants in the United States .
this report analyzes the resources [] for installing and operating retrofit control technologies for achieving reductions in multiple pollutants from coal-fired power plants in the united states .

It examines the control technology 's hardware , reagents , availability of the needed construction equipment , time required to implement at plants with single and multiple installation requirements , and the availability of labor needed for installation .
it examines the control technology 's hardware , reagents , availability of the needed construction equipment , time [] to implement at plants with single and multiple installation requirements , and the availability of labor needed for installation .

Chapter 2 analyzes the SO2 control technology resource requirements by providing information on control technology 's hardware and reagents , the construction equipment necessary to install a control technology , time required to implement this control technology at plants with single and multiple installation requirements , and the amount of labor needed to install the control technology .
chapter 2 analyzes the so2 control technology resource requirements by providing information on control technology 's hardware and reagents , the construction equipment necessary to install a control technology , time [] to implement this control technology at plants with single and multiple installation requirements , and the amount of labor needed to install the control technology .

This range assumes approximately 80 percent of the structural steel is for ductwork and supports and 20 percent is required for miscellaneous steel such as reagent conveying equipment , buildings , and solids handling systems .
this range assumes approximately 80 percent of the structural steel is for ductwork and supports and 20 percent is [] for miscellaneous steel such as reagent conveying equipment , buildings , and solids handling systems .

An assumption of 1125 tons of steel is a conservatively high estimate since 500 MWe FGD retrofit installations have been completed with as little as 250 to 375 tons of steel , or 0.5 tons of steel per MWe..1,3 Often a single absorber will serve multiple boilers and reduce much of the steel that would be required if absorbers had been fed by individual boilers .
an assumption of 1125 tons of steel is a conservatively high estimate since 500 mwe fgd retrofit installations have been completed with as little as 250 to 375 tons of steel , or 0.5 tons of steel per mwe..1,3 often a single absorber will serve multiple boilers and reduce much of the steel that would be [] if absorbers had been fed by individual boilers .

It is likely that two 450 MWe boiler units will use a common single absorber with commensurate reduction in required steel from efficiencies gained by common areas .
it is likely that two 450 mwe boiler units will use a common single absorber with commensurate reduction in [] steel from efficiencies gained by common areas .

For example , a 900 MWe system is estimated to use approximately 2000 tons of steel , or about 2.2 tons of steel per MWe , rather than a combined maximum of 2025 tons for a situation in which the boilers required separate absorbers .
for example , a 900 mwe system is estimated to use approximately 2000 tons of steel , or about 2.2 tons of steel per mwe , rather than a combined maximum of 2025 tons for a situation in which the boilers [] separate absorbers .

The majority of hardware required for FGD systems is commonly available .
the majority of hardware [] for fgd systems is commonly available .

Generally , if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required to maintain the reactivity of the absorbent .
generally , if ph of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is [] to maintain the reactivity of the absorbent .

Typically the required stoichiometry of a wet FGD limestone system is in the range of 1.01 to 1.1 , with 1.01 to 1.05 typical for modern wet FGD systems.8 A stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the FGD process is producing gypsum by-product , while a stoichiometry of 1.05 is needed to produce waste suitable for a landfill .
typically the [] stoichiometry of a wet fgd limestone system is in the range of 1.01 to 1.1 , with 1.01 to 1.05 typical for modern wet fgd systems.8 a stoichiometry of 1.03 is typical when the fgd process is producing gypsum by-product , while a stoichiometry of 1.05 is needed to produce waste suitable for a landfill .

OKP ` =b The construction equipment required for typical FGD installations is standard construction equipment - welders , excavation equipment , concrete pouring equipment , cranes , etc .
okp ` =b the construction equipment [] for typical fgd installations is standard construction equipment - welders , excavation equipment , concrete pouring equipment , cranes , etc .

These activities may be grouped under the following phases of an implementation project : ( 1 ) * EPA cost modeling for wet scrubber installations estimate 29 tons of limestone required to achieve 95 percent SO2 removal while burning a 4 percent sulfur coal .
these activities may be grouped under the following phases of an implementation project : ( 1 ) * epa cost modeling for wet scrubber installations estimate 29 tons of limestone [] to achieve 95 percent so2 removal while burning a 4 percent sulfur coal .

For example , the 550 MWe boiler at Kansas City Power & Light Company 's Hawthorne Generating Station required rebuild and NOX , SO2 , and PM simultaneous control retrofits .
for example , the 550 mwe boiler at kansas city power & light company 's hawthorne generating station [] rebuild and nox , so2 , and pm simultaneous control retrofits .

A typical turnkey 500 MWe unit FGD system retrofit requires 380,000=man-hours , or approximately 200 person-years , of which 20 percent , or 72,000 man-hours , are dedicated to engineering and project management,3 and roughly 40 percent of man-hours are for boilermakers.14 The labor required to install an absorber vessel and ductwork is a major portion of the system installation man-hours .
a typical turnkey 500 mwe unit fgd system retrofit requires 380,000=man-hours , or approximately 200 person-years , of which 20 percent , or 72,000 man-hours , are dedicated to engineering and project management,3 and roughly 40 percent of man-hours are for boilermakers.14 the labor [] to install an absorber vessel and ductwork is a major portion of the system installation man-hours .

While multiple systems on one site are common , the number of required systems to serve large MWe of capacity has been decreasing .
while multiple systems on one site are common , the number of [] systems to serve large mwe of capacity has been decreasing .

Therefore , 653,200 man-hours is a conservative estimate of labor required to install FGD at a 900 MWe facility .
therefore , 653,200 man-hours is a conservative estimate of labor [] to install fgd at a 900 mwe facility .

Because of the difficulty due to congestion of the site , this retrofit required additional time and labor , but worked within space constraints .
because of the difficulty due to congestion of the site , this retrofit [] additional time and labor , but worked within space constraints .

As a result , the FGD system required only modest space requirements.15 In most locations connection space is not a problem since there is usually adequate space behind the flue gas stack to perform the scrubber retrofit .
as a result , the fgd system [] only modest space requirements.15 in most locations connection space is not a problem since there is usually adequate space behind the flue gas stack to perform the scrubber retrofit .

If dewatering is required , typically 1-acre will be needed for an entire facility regardless of the amount of FGD capacity being served .
if dewatering is [] , typically 1-acre will be needed for an entire facility regardless of the amount of fgd capacity being served .

In addition to reducing the facility 's dependence on limestone , this process also reduced equipment required for limestone handling and milling.4 More efficient use of water in modern systems has almost completely removed the need for dewatering and containment ponds .
in addition to reducing the facility 's dependence on limestone , this process also reduced equipment [] for limestone handling and milling.4 more efficient use of water in modern systems has almost completely removed the need for dewatering and containment ponds .

The amount of steel required for an SCR in the range of 300-500 MWe is about 800 to 1200 tons,20 or about 2.4 to 2.6 tons per MWe .
the amount of steel [] for an scr in the range of 300-500 mwe is about 800 to 1200 tons,20 or about 2.4 to 2.6 tons per mwe .

When Babcock & Wilcox retrofitted the 675 MWe AES Somerset boiler , the outage began on May 14 , and the boiler was returned to service on June 26 - about a six-week outage.19 One major SCR system supplier in the U.S. stated that they would want in the range of one to two months of boiler down time and have never required more than two months.27 Difficulty is increased as the extent of boiler modifications necessary to fit the SCR into the facility is increased .
when babcock & wilcox retrofitted the 675 mwe aes somerset boiler , the outage began on may 14 , and the boiler was returned to service on june 26 - about a six-week outage.19 one major scr system supplier in the u.s. stated that they would want in the range of one to two months of boiler down time and have never [] more than two months.27 difficulty is increased as the extent of boiler modifications necessary to fit the scr into the facility is increased .

When there are multiple units retrofit at one site only , one mobilization is needed for all of the boilers , only one construction supervisor is required , and equipment is more efficiently used .
when there are multiple units retrofit at one site only , one mobilization is needed for all of the boilers , only one construction supervisor is [] , and equipment is more efficiently used .

Only a few installations have required the relocation of the air preheater .
only a few installations have [] the relocation of the air preheater .

Special nozzles or other hardware are generally not required .
special nozzles or other hardware are generally not [] .

QKR i~ The man-hours of labor estimated to be required for supply of an ACI system are listed in Table 4-3 , which includes a breakdown of man-hours by task.33 Craft labor for installation is also indicated .
qkr i~ the man-hours of labor estimated to be [] for supply of an aci system are listed in table 4-3 , which includes a breakdown of man-hours by task.33 craft labor for installation is also indicated .

To provide a conservative estimate of required resources , the following analysis looks at implementing the retrofits for 2005 in 31 months prior to 2005 and retrofits for 2010 , 2015 , and 2020 three years prior to each five-year period .
to provide a conservative estimate of [] resources , the following analysis looks at implementing the retrofits for 2005 in 31 months prior to 2005 and retrofits for 2010 , 2015 , and 2020 three years prior to each five-year period .

SKN p=e~~ The hardware items such as steel , piping , nozzles , pumps , soot blowers , fans , tower packing , and related equipment required for a typical SCR , FGD , or ACI systems installation are used in large industries such as construction , chemical production , auto production , and power production .
skn p=e~~ the hardware items such as steel , piping , nozzles , pumps , soot blowers , fans , tower packing , and related equipment [] for a typical scr , fgd , or aci systems installation are used in large industries such as construction , chemical production , auto production , and power production .

Chapter 3 showed that about 700 man-hours of labor per MWe are required for an SCR system on a coal-fired boiler , and Chapter 4 showed that roughly 10 man-hours of labor are needed per MWe for an ACI system .
chapter 3 showed that about 700 man-hours of labor per mwe are [] for an scr system on a coal-fired boiler , and chapter 4 showed that roughly 10 man-hours of labor are needed per mwe for an aci system .

By comparison , the conservative estimate of the amount of steel required for a full FGD system is less than or equal to that required for an SCR retrofit .
by comparison , the conservative estimate of the amount of steel [] for a full fgd system is less than or equal to that [] for an scr retrofit .

For all resources needed for installation , it is assumed that these resources are required over a 31-month period prior to 2005 and a three-year period prior to 2010 , 2015 , and 2020 .
for all resources needed for installation , it is assumed that these resources are [] over a 31-month period prior to 2005 and a three-year period prior to 2010 , 2015 , and 2020 .

The program will achieve about 40 % of the total emission reductions required under the 1990 Clean Air Act Amendments at a low cost to industry and to the government .
the program will achieve about 40 % of the total emission reductions [] under the 1990 clean air act amendments at a low cost to industry and to the government .

The 1990 CAA Amendments required EPA to study and prepare a report to Congress on the hazards to human health that can reasonably be expected to occur as a result of emissions of hazardous air pollutants ( air toxics or HAPs ) from fossil fuel-fired electric power plants .
the 1990 caa amendments [] epa to study and prepare a report to congress on the hazards to human health that can reasonably be expected to occur as a result of emissions of hazardous air pollutants ( air toxics or haps ) from fossil fuel-fired electric power plants .

The utility industry is also required to reduce SO2 emissions through the Acid Rain Trading Program described above .
the utility industry is also [] to reduce so2 emissions through the acid rain trading program described above .

One of the reasons power generation accounts for such a large share of these key emissions is that significant emissions reductions have already been required from other sources .
one of the reasons power generation accounts for such a large share of these key emissions is that significant emissions reductions have already been [] from other sources .

Sources would be allowed to transfer these authorized emission limits among themselves to achieve the required reductions for all three pollutants at the lowest overall cost .
sources would be allowed to transfer these authorized emission limits among themselves to achieve the [] reductions for all three pollutants at the lowest overall cost .

In order to estimate ozone-related health and welfare effects for the eastern U.S. , fullseason ozone data are required for every CAPMS grid-cell .
in order to estimate ozone-related health and welfare effects for the eastern u.s. , fullseason ozone data are [] for every capms grid-cell .

The Administrator is not required to allocate allowances under such sections to a unit for which the owner or operator fails to submit information in accordance with the regulations promulgated under this subparagraph .
the administrator is not [] to allocate allowances under such sections to a unit for which the owner or operator fails to submit information in accordance with the regulations promulgated under this subparagraph .

Where 2 or more units utilize a single stack , a separate CEMS shall not be required for each unit , and for such units the regulations shall require that the owner or operator collect sufficient information to permit reliable compliance determinations for each such unit .
where 2 or more units utilize a single stack , a separate cems shall not be [] for each unit , and for such units the regulations shall require that the owner or operator collect sufficient information to permit reliable compliance determinations for each such unit .

The Administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances equal to the excess tonnage from those held for the facility for the calendar year , or succeeding years during which offsets are required , following the year in which the excess emissions occurred .
the administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances equal to the excess tonnage from those held for the facility for the calendar year , or succeeding years during which offsets are [] , following the year in which the excess emissions occurred .

The Administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances equal to the excess emissions in tons from those held for the facility for the year , or succeeding years during which offsets are required , following the year in which the excess emissions occurred .
the administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances equal to the excess emissions in tons from those held for the facility for the year , or succeeding years during which offsets are [] , following the year in which the excess emissions occurred .

The Administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxide allowances , or mercury allowances , as the case may be , equal to the excess emissions in tons or , for mercury , ounces from those held for the facility for the year , or succeeding years during which offsets are required , following the year in which the excess emissions occurred .
the administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxide allowances , or mercury allowances , as the case may be , equal to the excess emissions in tons or , for mercury , ounces from those held for the facility for the year , or succeeding years during which offsets are [] , following the year in which the excess emissions occurred .

The peer review required under this section shall not be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act ( 5 U.S.C .
the peer review [] under this section shall not be subject to the federal advisory committee act ( 5 u.s.c .

The installation of the CEMS and the quality assurance of data shall be in accordance with subparagraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( B ) and subsections ( c ) through ( e ) of section 405 , except that , where two or more units utilize a single stack , separate monitoring shall be required for each unit .
the installation of the cems and the quality assurance of data shall be in accordance with subparagraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( b ) and subsections ( c ) through ( e ) of section 405 , except that , where two or more units utilize a single stack , separate monitoring shall be [] for each unit .

Units subject to subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) for which an alternative emission limitation is established shall not be required to install any additional control technology beyond low NOx burners .
units subject to subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) for which an alternative emission limitation is established shall not be [] to install any additional control technology beyond low nox burners .

When implementation and enforcement of any requirement of this Act indicate that emission limitations and percent reductions beyond those required by the standards promulgated under this section are achieved in practice , the Administrator shall , when revising standards promulgated under this section , consider the emission limitations and percent reductions achieved in practice .
when implementation and enforcement of any requirement of this act indicate that emission limitations and percent reductions beyond those [] by the standards promulgated under this section are achieved in practice , the administrator shall , when revising standards promulgated under this section , consider the emission limitations and percent reductions achieved in practice .

If EPA determines that a transitional area has not attained the standard , the area shall be redesignated as nonattainment within 1 year of the determination and the State shall be required to submit a state implementation plan revision satisfying the provisions of section 172 within 3 years of redesignation as nonattainment . ''
if epa determines that a transitional area has not attained the standard , the area shall be redesignated as nonattainment within 1 year of the determination and the state shall be [] to submit a state implementation plan revision satisfying the provisions of section 172 within 3 years of redesignation as nonattainment . ''

The PPP has been produced by the Organization of Economic Co-Operation and Development ( OECD ) and shows the number of Italian liras required in 1999 to buy goods and services equivalent to what can be purchased with one U.S. dollar .
the ppp has been produced by the organization of economic co-operation and development ( oecd ) and shows the number of italian liras [] in 1999 to buy goods and services equivalent to what can be purchased with one u.s. dollar .

Comparison of Carrier Time Required to Serve City and Rural Areas Table 1 shows that the average time per day per possible delivery is 1.04 minutes for city delivery11 and 1.07 minutes for rural delivery .
comparison of carrier time [] to serve city and rural areas table 1 shows that the average time per day per possible delivery is 1.04 minutes for city delivery11 and 1.07 minutes for rural delivery .

The time required to drive the route is fixed , and driving time represents a greater proportion of total cost in the less densely populated quintiles .
the time [] to drive the route is fixed , and driving time represents a greater proportion of total cost in the less densely populated quintiles .

Summary -In the United States postal system , there is no real difference in the carrier time required to serve city and rural addresses .
summary -in the united states postal system , there is no real difference in the carrier time [] to serve city and rural addresses .

Ceteris paribus , inefficient entry means that the total resources required to deliver mail increases .
ceteris paribus , inefficient entry means that the total resources [] to deliver mail increases .

These include : 1 ) approving both changes in existing services and the establishment of new services -- -those are known as classification cases ; 2 ) adjudicating complaints from anyone who believes the Postal Service is not providing rates or services as required by law ; 3 ) issuing advisory opinions when the Postal Service proposes a substantially nationwide change in the nature of its services ; and , 4 ) our mostly recently assigned task , providing Congress with annual reports about the costs and revenues of international mail .
these include : 1 ) approving both changes in existing services and the establishment of new services -- -those are known as classification cases ; 2 ) adjudicating complaints from anyone who believes the postal service is not providing rates or services as [] by law ; 3 ) issuing advisory opinions when the postal service proposes a substantially nationwide change in the nature of its services ; and , 4 ) our mostly recently assigned task , providing congress with annual reports about the costs and revenues of international mail .

Specifically , that Act turned rate making over to an independent Postal Rate Commission , but it also specified a range of factors to which the Commission must give weight and it required that certain classification structures of the past be honored.3 This paper focuses on changes the United States Postal Service would make if it had the freedom to position itself to withstand competition in all of its markets .
specifically , that act turned rate making over to an independent postal rate commission , but it also specified a range of factors to which the commission must give weight and it [] that certain classification structures of the past be honored.3 this paper focuses on changes the united states postal service would make if it had the freedom to position itself to withstand competition in all of its markets .

Creating a competitive environment would involve , at a minimum , eliminating the Private Express Statutes4 and the mailbox rule.5 Absent these , some portions of the mail stream would attract 3 As discussed below , it required continuation of 5 preferred subclasses .
creating a competitive environment would involve , at a minimum , eliminating the private express statutes4 and the mailbox rule.5 absent these , some portions of the mail stream would attract 3 as discussed below , it [] continuation of 5 preferred subclasses .

In addition , it seems likely that the Postal Service would be prohibited from selling below incremental cost , would be required to preserve some form of universal service,7 and would be permitted to adjust its service levels .
in addition , it seems likely that the postal service would be prohibited from selling below incremental cost , would be [] to preserve some form of universal service,7 and would be permitted to adjust its service levels .

A regulator might well be required to administer any price caps , incremental-cost floors , or other restrictions .
a regulator might well be [] to administer any price caps , incremental-cost floors , or other restrictions .

To places where surface transportation is not available , senders would be required to pay air rates , and possibly air rates keyed to the characteristics of the Alaskan air system .
to places where surface transportation is not available , senders would be [] to pay air rates , and possibly air rates keyed to the characteristics of the alaskan air system .

Presently , addresses are required on such pieces .
presently , addresses are [] on such pieces .

Such systems might allow lower rates for qualifying mail , while pieces that would not qualify might be rejected or required to pay a surcharge based on costs .
such systems might allow lower rates for qualifying mail , while pieces that would not qualify might be rejected or [] to pay a surcharge based on costs .

Deliberations on proposed mail classification changes follow proceedings in which an opportunity for on the record hearings is afforded to mail users and an officer of the Commission required to represent the interests of the general public .
deliberations on proposed mail classification changes follow proceedings in which an opportunity for on the record hearings is afforded to mail users and an officer of the commission [] to represent the interests of the general public .

The rules depart from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the Postal Service is required to produce , and by expediting the Commission 's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change .
the rules depart from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the postal service is [] to produce , and by expediting the commission 's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change .

The rules specify the limited information the Service is required to file in support of a proposed market test , including a plan for testing the proposed new service and associated data collection and reporting requirements .
the rules specify the limited information the service is [] to file in support of a proposed market test , including a plan for testing the proposed new service and associated data collection and reporting requirements .

As in the market test rules , the provisional service rules identify the supporting information to be provided by the Postal Service ; in addition , they allow the Service to explain why it should not be required to provide 6 See Postal Ratemaking in a Time of Change : A Report by the Joint Task Force on Postal Ratemaking , June 1 , 1992 .
as in the market test rules , the provisional service rules identify the supporting information to be provided by the postal service ; in addition , they allow the service to explain why it should not be [] to provide 6 see postal ratemaking in a time of change : a report by the joint task force on postal ratemaking , june 1 , 1992 .

The rules specify limited required supporting information , allow the Service to explain the unavailability of otherwise required data , and also streamline procedural scheduling .
the rules specify limited [] supporting information , allow the service to explain the unavailability of otherwise [] data , and also streamline procedural scheduling .

H. Consequences Of Successful Cream Skimming Table 4 shows the required increase in the U.S .
h. consequences of successful cream skimming table 4 shows the [] increase in the u.s .

It consists primarily of advertising mail that is not required to be sent Class .
it consists primarily of advertising mail that is not [] to be sent class .

Short of that , the information required to apply them can be subject to wide margins of error and can be costly to develop .
short of that , the information [] to apply them can be subject to wide margins of error and can be costly to develop .

A type-4 discount situation is where the mailer reduces the work required by changing his behavior in efficient ways that were either not predicted or that do not seem particularly associated with the nature of the discount .
a type-4 discount situation is where the mailer reduces the work [] by changing his behavior in efficient ways that were either not predicted or that do not seem particularly associated with the nature of the discount .

Ali was not required to provide identification in sending this money and the aliases he used were not questioned .
ali was not [] to provide identification in sending this money and the aliases he used were not questioned .

Atta said he required about five to six weeks before he could provide an attack date .
atta said he [] about five to six weeks before he could provide an attack date .

The activation of transmission on the master handset required , however , that a second button be pressed .
the activation of transmission on the master handset [] , however , that a second button be pressed .

The NYPD Chief of Department called for Operation Omega , which required the protection of sensitive locations around the city .
the nypd chief of department called for operation omega , which [] the protection of sensitive locations around the city .

The incident required a major rescue , fire , and medical response from Arlington County at the U.S. military 's headquarters-a facility under the control of the secretary of defense .
the incident [] a major rescue , fire , and medical response from arlington county at the u.s. military 's headquarters-a facility under the control of the secretary of defense .

Certainly , the FDNY was not `` responsible for the management of the City 's response to the emergency , '' as the Mayor 's directive would have required .
certainly , the fdny was not `` responsible for the management of the city 's response to the emergency , '' as the mayor 's directive would have [] .

Because no FISA information was involved , she should not have required him to sign such a form .
because no fisa information was involved , she should not have [] him to sign such a form .

The FISA Court 's concern with FBI sloppiness in its FISA applications also began to take a toll : the court began designating itself as the gatekeeper for the sharing of intelligence information ; the FBI was required to separately designate criminal and intelligence agents ; and the court banned one supervisory FBI agent from appearing before it .
the fisa court 's concern with fbi sloppiness in its fisa applications also began to take a toll : the court began designating itself as the gatekeeper for the sharing of intelligence information ; the fbi was [] to separately designate criminal and intelligence agents ; and the court banned one supervisory fbi agent from appearing before it .

Therefore , approval from the Minneapolis U.S. Attorney 's Office was required before a criminal search warrant could be obtained .
therefore , approval from the minneapolis u.s. attorney 's office was [] before a criminal search warrant could be obtained .

Finally , the Minneapolis Field Office mistakenly believed that the 1995 Attorney General procedures required OIPR 's approval before it could contact the U.S. Attorney 's Office about obtaining a criminal warrant .
finally , the minneapolis field office mistakenly believed that the 1995 attorney general procedures [] oipr 's approval before it could contact the u.s. attorney 's office about obtaining a criminal warrant .

The complete title of the Act is Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism ( USA PATRIOT ACT ) Act of 2001 , Pub .
the complete title of the act is uniting and strengthening america by providing appropriate tools [] to intercept and obstruct terrorism ( usa patriot act ) act of 2001 , pub .

He said the FBI required the names and personal information of all departing passengers sponsored for departure by the Saudi Embassy .
he said the fbi [] the names and personal information of all departing passengers sponsored for departure by the saudi embassy .

An FAA civil aviation security official believed the plan was improbable because Libyan planes were required to operate within airspace limitations and the Libyans did not possess aircraft with the necessary range to make good on the threat .
an faa civil aviation security official believed the plan was improbable because libyan planes were [] to operate within airspace limitations and the libyans did not possess aircraft with the necessary range to make good on the threat .

The Act also required that increased security still facilitate the free flow of commerce and travel .
the act also [] that increased security still facilitate the free flow of commerce and travel .

If the director does not concur with the secretary 's choice , then the secretary is required to notify the president of the director 's nonconcurrence .
if the director does not concur with the secretary 's choice , then the secretary is [] to notify the president of the director 's nonconcurrence .

These barriers were reinforced by caveats NSA began placing on all of its Bin Ladin-related reports and later on all of its counterterrorism-related reports-whether or not the information was subject to the attorney general 's order-which required approval before the report 's contents could be shared with criminal investigators .
these barriers were reinforced by caveats nsa began placing on all of its bin ladin-related reports and later on all of its counterterrorism-related reports-whether or not the information was subject to the attorney general 's order-which [] approval before the report 's contents could be shared with criminal investigators .

In addition , the U.S. intelligence community was required to approve the `` no-fly '' listing of an individual in order to protect sources and methods .
in addition , the u.s. intelligence community was [] to approve the `` no-fly '' listing of an individual in order to protect sources and methods .

The sanctions also required member states to freeze Taliban funds and financial resources .
the sanctions also [] member states to freeze taliban funds and financial resources .

Finally the NSA began putting caveats on its Bin Ladin-related reports that required prior approval before sharing their contents with criminal investigators and prosecutors .
finally the nsa began putting caveats on its bin ladin-related reports that [] prior approval before sharing their contents with criminal investigators and prosecutors .

Congress , with the support of the Clinton administration , doubled the number of Border Patrol agents required along the border with Mexico to one agent every quarter mile by 1999 .
congress , with the support of the clinton administration , doubled the number of border patrol agents [] along the border with mexico to one agent every quarter mile by 1999 .

The FAA set and enforced aviation security rules , which airlines and airports were required to implement .
the faa set and enforced aviation security rules , which airlines and airports were [] to implement .

Primarily because of concern regarding potential discrimination and the impact on passenger throughput , `` selectees '' were no longer required to undergo extraordinary screening of their carry-on baggage as had been the case before the system was computerized in 1997.55 This policy change also reflected the perception that nonsuicide sabotage was the primary threat to civil aviation .
primarily because of concern regarding potential discrimination and the impact on passenger throughput , `` selectees '' were no longer [] to undergo extraordinary screening of their carry-on baggage as had been the case before the system was computerized in 1997.55 this policy change also reflected the perception that nonsuicide sabotage was the primary threat to civil aviation .

Even so , rules implemented in the 1960s required air crews to keep the cockpit door closed and locked in flight .
even so , rules implemented in the 1960s [] air crews to keep the cockpit door closed and locked in flight .

Because the conduct of espionage was a high-risk activity , decisions on the clandestine targeting , recruitment , handling , and termination of secret sources and the dissemination of collected information required Washington 's approval and action .
because the conduct of espionage was a high-risk activity , decisions on the clandestine targeting , recruitment , handling , and termination of secret sources and the dissemination of collected information [] washington 's approval and action .

The first was the passage by Congress in 1986 of the Goldwater-Nichols Act , which , among other things , mandated that promotion to high rank required some period of duty with a different service or with a joint ( i.e. , multiservice ) command .
the first was the passage by congress in 1986 of the goldwater-nichols act , which , among other things , mandated that promotion to high rank [] some period of duty with a different service or with a joint ( i.e. , multiservice ) command .

The president is required by law to ensure the congressional Intelligence committees are kept fully and currently informed of the intelligence activities of the United States .
the president is [] by law to ensure the congressional intelligence committees are kept fully and currently informed of the intelligence activities of the united states .

Noting that the plan was in a `` very early stage of development , '' the NSC staff then told the CIA planners to go ahead and , among other things , start drafting any legal documents that might be required to authorize the covert action .
noting that the plan was in a `` very early stage of development , '' the nsc staff then told the cia planners to go ahead and , among other things , start drafting any legal documents that might be [] to authorize the covert action .

It required minimum infrastructure .
it [] minimum infrastructure .

Congressional leaders were briefed , as required by law .
congressional leaders were briefed , as [] by law .

Such efforts would have required bases in the region , but all the options were unappealing .
such efforts would have [] bases in the region , but all the options were unappealing .

As mentioned earlier , such a protracted deployment of U.S. Special Operations Forces into Afghanistan , perhaps as part of a team joined to a deployment of the CIA 's own officers , would have required a major policy initiative ( probably combined with efforts to secure the support of at least one or two neighboring countries ) to make a long-term commitment , establish a durable presence on the ground , and be prepared to accept the associated risks and costs .
as mentioned earlier , such a protracted deployment of u.s. special operations forces into afghanistan , perhaps as part of a team joined to a deployment of the cia 's own officers , would have [] a major policy initiative ( probably combined with efforts to secure the support of at least one or two neighboring countries ) to make a long-term commitment , establish a durable presence on the ground , and be prepared to accept the associated risks and costs .

To do so , however , the FBI needed to demonstrate probable cause that Moussaoui was an agent of a foreign power , a demonstration that was not required to obtain a criminal warrant but was a statutory requirement for a FISA warrant .
to do so , however , the fbi needed to demonstrate probable cause that moussaoui was an agent of a foreign power , a demonstration that was not [] to obtain a criminal warrant but was a statutory requirement for a fisa warrant .

Discovering it would have required quick and very substantial cooperation from the German government , which might well have been difficult to obtain .
discovering it would have [] quick and very substantial cooperation from the german government , which might well have been difficult to obtain .

As in the Moussaoui situation already described , the links to Binalshibh might not have been an easy trail to find and would have required substantial cooperation from the German government .
as in the moussaoui situation already described , the links to binalshibh might not have been an easy trail to find and would have [] substantial cooperation from the german government .

The FBI has Joint Terrorism Task Forces in 84 locations to coordinate the activities of other agencies when action may be required .
the fbi has joint terrorism task forces in 84 locations to coordinate the activities of other agencies when action may be [] .

The Goldwater- Nichols Act required officers to serve tours outside their service in order to win promotion .
the goldwater- nichols act [] officers to serve tours outside their service in order to win promotion .

Certain advanced training courses and assignments to other intelligence agencies should be required to advance within the national security discipline .
certain advanced training courses and assignments to other intelligence agencies should be [] to advance within the national security discipline .

Because of the sanctions required by U.S. law , we had few carrots to offer . ''
because of the sanctions [] by u.s. law , we had few carrots to offer . ''

In practice , however , they required action by weak , chronically underfunded executive agencies and powerful congressional committees , which were more responsive to well-organized interest groups than to executive branch interagency committees .
in practice , however , they [] action by weak , chronically underfunded executive agencies and powerful congressional committees , which were more responsive to well-organized interest groups than to executive branch interagency committees .

Those who became the Shia held that any leader of the Ummah must be a direct descendant of the Prophet ; those who became the Sunni argued that lineal descent was not required if the candidate met other standards of faith and knowledge .
those who became the shia held that any leader of the ummah must be a direct descendant of the prophet ; those who became the sunni argued that lineal descent was not [] if the candidate met other standards of faith and knowledge .

Abd al Rahim al Nashiri KSM and Hambali both decided to join forces with al Qaeda because their terrorist aspirations required the money and manpower that only a robust organization like al Qaeda could supply .
abd al rahim al nashiri ksm and hambali both decided to join forces with al qaeda because their terrorist aspirations [] the money and manpower that only a robust organization like al qaeda could supply .

Binalshibh also researched flight schools in Europe , and in the Netherlands he met a flight school director who recommended flight schools in the United States because they were less expensive and required shorter training periods .
binalshibh also researched flight schools in europe , and in the netherlands he met a flight school director who recommended flight schools in the united states because they were less expensive and [] shorter training periods .

Operations required travel , as did basic communications and the movement of money .
operations [] travel , as did basic communications and the movement of money .

To this end , al Qaeda required jihadists to turn in their passports before going to the front lines in Afghanistan .
to this end , al qaeda [] jihadists to turn in their passports before going to the front lines in afghanistan .

A significant political , military , and intelligence effort would have been required , extending over months and perhaps years , with associated costs and risks .
a significant political , military , and intelligence effort would have been [] , extending over months and perhaps years , with associated costs and risks .

It would then detail the proposed expenditures and organizational changes required to acquire and implement these capabilities .
it would then detail the proposed expenditures and organizational changes [] to acquire and implement these capabilities .

While in San Diego , Bayoumi was officially employed by Ercan , a subsidiary of a contractor for the Saudi Civil Aviation Administration , although a fellow employee described Bayoumi as a `` ghost employee , '' noting that he was one of many Saudis on the payroll who was not required to work .
while in san diego , bayoumi was officially employed by ercan , a subsidiary of a contractor for the saudi civil aviation administration , although a fellow employee described bayoumi as a `` ghost employee , '' noting that he was one of many saudis on the payroll who was not [] to work .

According to the procedures in place on 9/11 , in addition to those flagged by the CAPPS algorithm , American 's ticket agents were to mark as `` selectees '' those passengers who did not provide correct responses to the required security questions , failed to show proper identification , or met other criteria .
according to the procedures in place on 9/11 , in addition to those flagged by the capps algorithm , american 's ticket agents were to mark as `` selectees '' those passengers who did not provide correct responses to the [] security questions , failed to show proper identification , or met other criteria .

The Air Carrier Standard Security Program required airlines to immediately notify the FAA and FBI upon receiving information that an act or suspected act of airplane piracy was being committed .
the air carrier standard security program [] airlines to immediately notify the faa and fbi upon receiving information that an act or suspected act of airplane piracy was being committed .

The enemy made mistakes-like Khalid al Mihdhar 's unauthorized departure from the United States that required him to enter the country again in July 2001 , or the selection of Zacarias Moussaoui as a participant and Ramzi Binalshibh 's transfer of money to him .
the enemy made mistakes-like khalid al mihdhar 's unauthorized departure from the united states that [] him to enter the country again in july 2001 , or the selection of zacarias moussaoui as a participant and ramzi binalshibh 's transfer of money to him .

Dedicated specialists and ongoing linkages with the intelligence community are also required .
dedicated specialists and ongoing linkages with the intelligence community are also [] .

For example : What information is an individual required to present and in what form ?
for example : what information is an individual [] to present and in what form ?

Replacement of these systems and improved biometric systems will be required .
replacement of these systems and improved biometric systems will be [] .

These laws required the development of strategic plans to describe how the new department and TSA would provide security for critical parts of the U.S. transportation sector .
these laws [] the development of strategic plans to describe how the new department and tsa would provide security for critical parts of the u.s. transportation sector .

Air carriers should be required to supply the information needed to test and implement this new system .
air carriers should be [] to supply the information needed to test and implement this new system .

We further recommend that federal homeland security funds be allocated in accordance with those benchmarks , and that states be required to abide by those benchmarks in disbursing the federal funds .
we further recommend that federal homeland security funds be allocated in accordance with those benchmarks , and that states be [] to abide by those benchmarks in disbursing the federal funds .

Where such compacts already exist , training in accordance with their terms should be required .
where such compacts already exist , training in accordance with their terms should be [] .

We do not know exactly how the hijackers gained access to the cockpit ; FAA rules required that the doors remain closed and locked during flight .
we do not know exactly how the hijackers gained access to the cockpit ; faa rules [] that the doors remain closed and locked during flight .

Those four planes , like all aircraft traveling above 10,000 feet , were required to emit a unique transponder signal while in flight .
those four planes , like all aircraft traveling above 10,000 feet , were [] to emit a unique transponder signal while in flight .

As they existed on 9/11 , the protocols for the FAA to obtain military assistance from NORAD required multiple levels of notification and approval at the highest levels of government .
as they existed on 9/11 , the protocols for the faa to obtain military assistance from norad [] multiple levels of notification and approval at the highest levels of government .

The modules each contain an acyl transferase ( to load the extender unit onto the enzyme ) , as well as a ketosynthase and an ACP domain , together with exactly those reductive activities needed to generate the required pattern of modification of the chain at each step of elongation .
the modules each contain an acyl transferase ( to load the extender unit onto the enzyme ) , as well as a ketosynthase and an acp domain , together with exactly those reductive activities needed to generate the [] pattern of modification of the chain at each step of elongation .

As far back as 1868 , Franciscus Donders [ 2 ] subtracted the time taken to make a single response to an unvarying stimuluswhat he called an instructed reflexfrom the time it took to make the same response to one of two events , obtaining the time required to discriminate between the two stimuli .
as far back as 1868 , franciscus donders [ 2 ] subtracted the time taken to make a single response to an unvarying stimuluswhat he called an instructed reflexfrom the time it took to make the same response to one of two events , obtaining the time [] to discriminate between the two stimuli .

Further , he subtracted the time to discriminate two stimuli from a situation in which there were also two possible responses in order to obtain the time required for choice .
further , he subtracted the time to discriminate two stimuli from a situation in which there were also two possible responses in order to obtain the time [] for choice .

The primary data should also be required to be in the public domain ( say , within 12 years after completion ) .
the primary data should also be [] to be in the public domain ( say , within 12 years after completion ) .

Thus , further investigations , e.g. , with magnetoencephalography , will still be required to gain temporal information on the milliseconds scale .
thus , further investigations , e.g. , with magnetoencephalography , will still be [] to gain temporal information on the milliseconds scale .

In contrast , neither double-strand breaks nor recombination appear to be required for the formation of the SC in D. melanogaster or C. elegans ( Zickler and Kleckner 1999 ; MacQueen et al .
in contrast , neither double-strand breaks nor recombination appear to be [] for the formation of the sc in d. melanogaster or c. elegans ( zickler and kleckner 1999 ; macqueen et al .

Double-strand breaks and recombination do indeed co-occur in these model organisms , and are required for proper chromosome segregation , but they occur after the formation of the SC .
double-strand breaks and recombination do indeed co-occur in these model organisms , and are [] for proper chromosome segregation , but they occur after the formation of the sc .

Recombination during meiosis seems to be required for proper chromosome segregation ; however , in those organisms where recombination and double-strand-break hotspots occur , these phenomena are also required for proper formation of the SC .
recombination during meiosis seems to be [] for proper chromosome segregation ; however , in those organisms where recombination and double-strand-break hotspots occur , these phenomena are also [] for proper formation of the sc .

We also detected increased expression of Neurogenin3 ( ngn3 ) ( see Figure 1C ) , a transcription factor expressed in differentiating neurons , and required for development of pancreatic islet progenitor cells [ 24,25,26 ] .
we also detected increased expression of neurogenin3 ( ngn3 ) ( see figure 1c ) , a transcription factor expressed in differentiating neurons , and [] for development of pancreatic islet progenitor cells [ 24,25,26 ] .

As shown below , insulin expression in NS-derived cells required culture in low-glucose medium at stage 2 , but we did not consistently detect insulin + cells by immunohistochemistry until stage 4 .
as shown below , insulin expression in ns-derived cells [] culture in low-glucose medium at stage 2 , but we did not consistently detect insulin + cells by immunohistochemistry until stage 4 .

To test directly whether the absence of Hh signaling was required for expression of endodermal or islet markers , including FoxA3 , Pdx1 , and insulin , we added Shh protein to stage 4 cultures , which do not express Shh or genes encoding other Hh ligands like Desert hedgehog or Indian hedgehog ( Figure 3C ) .
to test directly whether the absence of hh signaling was [] for expression of endodermal or islet markers , including foxa3 , pdx1 , and insulin , we added shh protein to stage 4 cultures , which do not express shh or genes encoding other hh ligands like desert hedgehog or indian hedgehog ( figure 3c ) .

Thus , the sequence of gene expression accompanying formation of IPCs from NSs was similar but not identical to that described for differentiating pancreatic -cells , and further molecular studies are required to determine the degree of endoderm-like differentiation of cells in IPCs .
thus , the sequence of gene expression accompanying formation of ipcs from nss was similar but not identical to that described for differentiating pancreatic -cells , and further molecular studies are [] to determine the degree of endoderm-like differentiation of cells in ipcs .

However , the composition of IPCs was distinct from that of pancreatic islets , and further studies are required to determine the basis for this difference .
however , the composition of ipcs was distinct from that of pancreatic islets , and further studies are [] to determine the basis for this difference .

Thus , we did not attempt IPC transplantations in overtly diabetic animals , since prior studies suggest that insulin production at 10 % of normal ( or greater ) may be required to improve glucose regulation in diabetic patients and animal models [ 10,41 ] .
thus , we did not attempt ipc transplantations in overtly diabetic animals , since prior studies suggest that insulin production at 10 % of normal ( or greater ) may be [] to improve glucose regulation in diabetic patients and animal models [ 10,41 ] .

This fact , together with studies of  kinase-dead  mutants of ETR1 , suggests that HK activity is not required for ethylene response .
this fact , together with studies of  kinase-dead  mutants of etr1 , suggests that hk activity is not [] for ethylene response .

It was not possible to assay samples from all participants in all assays because of the volume of serum available ; this particularly affected the ghrelin assay , which required the most volume .
it was not possible to assay samples from all participants in all assays because of the volume of serum available ; this particularly affected the ghrelin assay , which [] the most volume .

Thus , exposure to FGF is required to endow the ectoderm with the competence to respond to additional signals that will act later on its way towards neural specification .
thus , exposure to fgf is [] to endow the ectoderm with the competence to respond to additional signals that will act later on its way towards neural specification .

The transcription factors ( GATA , Friend-of-GATA , and Runx family proteins ) and signal transduction pathways ( Toll/NF-B , Serrate/Notch , and JAK/STAT ) that are required for specification and proliferation of blood cells during normal hematopoiesis , as well as during the hematopoietic proliferation that accompanies immune challenge , are conserved ( Evans et al .
the transcription factors ( gata , friend-of-gata , and runx family proteins ) and signal transduction pathways ( toll/nf-b , serrate/notch , and jak/stat ) that are [] for specification and proliferation of blood cells during normal hematopoiesis , as well as during the hematopoietic proliferation that accompanies immune challenge , are conserved ( evans et al .

Using a combination of the RNA interference approach of silencing gene function and a high-throughput cell culture assay , Foley and O'Farrell ( 2004 ) report the identification of two new conserved members of this Imd pathway : Sickie is a novel protein required for Relish activation , and Defense repressor 1 is a novel inhibitor of the Dredd caspase .
using a combination of the rna interference approach of silencing gene function and a high-throughput cell culture assay , foley and o'farrell ( 2004 ) report the identification of two new conserved members of this imd pathway : sickie is a novel protein [] for relish activation , and defense repressor 1 is a novel inhibitor of the dredd caspase .

If additional fluids are required , for instance , to replace unexpected intraoperative blood losses , non-glucose-containing solutions should be administered .
if additional fluids are [] , for instance , to replace unexpected intraoperative blood losses , non-glucose-containing solutions should be administered .

A higher dose is required in patients with hypokalemia .
a higher dose is [] in patients with hypokalemia .

For procedures that require general anesthesia , specific treatment , other than hourly glycemic monitoring , is not required for patients with type 2 diabetes whose diabetes is well controlled with diet ( i.e. , fasting blood glucose less than 125 mg/dl ) .
for procedures that require general anesthesia , specific treatment , other than hourly glycemic monitoring , is not [] for patients with type 2 diabetes whose diabetes is well controlled with diet ( i.e. , fasting blood glucose less than 125 mg/dl ) .

For elective procedures requiring general anesthesia , insulin infusion is usually required to control hyperglycemic levels that occur during surgery .
for elective procedures requiring general anesthesia , insulin infusion is usually [] to control hyperglycemic levels that occur during surgery .

The fact that NADPH is required to maintain the reduced state of glutathione and thioredoxin indicates that the response to oxidative stress is coupled to the physiological status of core pathways that generate NADPH .
the fact that nadph is [] to maintain the reduced state of glutathione and thioredoxin indicates that the response to oxidative stress is coupled to the physiological status of core pathways that generate nadph .

They are required reading for anyone who studies species and speciation .
they are [] reading for anyone who studies species and speciation .

It does n't take an economist to know that a disease can not be diagnosed if the required tools are unaffordable or impractical .
it does n't take an economist to know that a disease can not be diagnosed if the [] tools are unaffordable or impractical .

We note that if a different objective is required , then all of our preceding analysis still holds and only the functional form of the objective function needs to be altered .
we note that if a different objective is [] , then all of our preceding analysis still holds and only the functional form of the objective function needs to be altered .

What they found was that the experimental design using a single low dose of virus in each animal required unfeasibly large numbers of animals ; even for the highest modeled vaccine efficacy of 90 % the single low-dose challenge design required more than 20 animals per group to reach a statistical power of 95 % .
what they found was that the experimental design using a single low dose of virus in each animal [] unfeasibly large numbers of animals ; even for the highest modeled vaccine efficacy of 90 % the single low-dose challenge design [] more than 20 animals per group to reach a statistical power of 95 % .

However , when the researchers modeled a protocol of repeatedly challenging the ( virtual ) animals with a challenge dose of one ID 50 , and allowing for a maximum number of 20 challenges of each individual animal , as few as five animals were required to achieve more than 95 % of statistical power .
however , when the researchers modeled a protocol of repeatedly challenging the ( virtual ) animals with a challenge dose of one id 50 , and allowing for a maximum number of 20 challenges of each individual animal , as few as five animals were [] to achieve more than 95 % of statistical power .

These findings indicate that CD36 activates proapoptotic p38 MAPK possibly via src kinase activation in human PTECs when stimulated with AGE-BSA5 and PA. Chemical inhibition of p38 MAPK prevented the increase in the rate of apoptotic nuclei induced by both AGE-BSA5 and PA in HK-2 PTECs ( Figure 5G ) , indicating that p38 MAPK function is required for apoptosis induced by AGE-BSA and PA through CD36 receptor .
these findings indicate that cd36 activates proapoptotic p38 mapk possibly via src kinase activation in human ptecs when stimulated with age-bsa5 and pa. chemical inhibition of p38 mapk prevented the increase in the rate of apoptotic nuclei induced by both age-bsa5 and pa in hk-2 ptecs ( figure 5g ) , indicating that p38 mapk function is [] for apoptosis induced by age-bsa and pa through cd36 receptor .

Was the large dose given actually the dose required ?
was the large dose given actually the dose [] ?

The sample size required given these constraints was 301 health-care professionals .
the sample size [] given these constraints was 301 health-care professionals .

Once mental health is construed in terms of human rights , all states are required , at a very minimum , to establish a normative framework consistent with international law [ 13 ] .
once mental health is construed in terms of human rights , all states are [] , at a very minimum , to establish a normative framework consistent with international law [ 13 ] .

The lid subcomplex of the RP attaches to the base and is required for proteolysis of ubiquitinprotein conjugates , but not of unstructured polypeptides ( Glickman et al .
the lid subcomplex of the rp attaches to the base and is [] for proteolysis of ubiquitinprotein conjugates , but not of unstructured polypeptides ( glickman et al .

Biologists still do n't understand the precise mechanisms required to enhance larval growth , reproduction , and recruitment ( replenishing populations with new individuals ) , or how temperature fluctuations affect metabolism and larval growth rate .
biologists still do n't understand the precise mechanisms [] to enhance larval growth , reproduction , and recruitment ( replenishing populations with new individuals ) , or how temperature fluctuations affect metabolism and larval growth rate .

Sample Size The sample size required was calculated using PS [ 20 ] software , and based on a type I error of 0.05 , with 90 % power , to detect a difference of 4 wk or more in time to viral rebound between arms .
sample size the sample size [] was calculated using ps [ 20 ] software , and based on a type i error of 0.05 , with 90 % power , to detect a difference of 4 wk or more in time to viral rebound between arms .

Virus populations that expand shortly after TI may lack all of the adaptations required to achieve high levels of plasma viremia in the presence of drug during continuous treatment .
virus populations that expand shortly after ti may lack all of the adaptations [] to achieve high levels of plasma viremia in the presence of drug during continuous treatment .

These adaptations may include the resistance-associated mutations , which were detected , as well as secondary mutations that may increase the viral replication capacity [ 35,36 ] or envelope adaptations required to escape concurrent humoral immune responses [ 37,38 ] .
these adaptations may include the resistance-associated mutations , which were detected , as well as secondary mutations that may increase the viral replication capacity [ 35,36 ] or envelope adaptations [] to escape concurrent humoral immune responses [ 37,38 ] .

It would seem that improvements are required from within and beyond the surgical world .
it would seem that improvements are [] from within and beyond the surgical world .

At the same time , in order to meet the required R & D contribution norm , they would have to create an efficient R & D virtual market alongside .
at the same time , in order to meet the [] r & d contribution norm , they would have to create an efficient r & d virtual market alongside .

Individuals ( or employers ) would be required to make minimum contributions into R & D funds , much as there are mandatory contributions to social security or health insurance or to pension funds .
individuals ( or employers ) would be [] to make minimum contributions into r & d funds , much as there are mandatory contributions to social security or health insurance or to pension funds .

Government would set the required contribution , but the individual ( or employer ) would be free to choose the particular intermediator that received their contributions .
government would set the [] contribution , but the individual ( or employer ) would be free to choose the particular intermediator that received their contributions .

Extensive functional studies targeted at duplicated genes are required if we are to more fully understand the range of evolutionary outcomes .
extensive functional studies targeted at duplicated genes are [] if we are to more fully understand the range of evolutionary outcomes .

Both phylogenetically independent and non-independent comparisons of life history traits and physiological variables across a variety of groups are required .
both phylogenetically independent and non-independent comparisons of life history traits and physiological variables across a variety of groups are [] .

Finally , comparisons of latitudinal gradients and their underlying correlates in the two hemispheres for the same taxon , sampled using similar methods , and investigated with methods that take cognisance of likely confounding effects are required .
finally , comparisons of latitudinal gradients and their underlying correlates in the two hemispheres for the same taxon , sampled using similar methods , and investigated with methods that take cognisance of likely confounding effects are [] .

Sir2 is upregulated by CR and is required for life-span extension effects of CR in Caenorhabditis elegans ( reviewed in [ 6 ] ) .
sir2 is upregulated by cr and is [] for life-span extension effects of cr in caenorhabditis elegans ( reviewed in [ 6 ] ) .

Translating Knowledge of Exercise Biology to Novel Therapeutics Greater knowledge of how cells and tissues are modified in response to recurring bouts of exercise provides a basis for more precise recommendations as to the mode , intensity , and amount of exercise required to produce specific health benefits ( e.g. , treatment of dyslipidemia [ 13 ] , control of body weight [ 14 ] , or prevention of diabetes [ 15 ] ) .
translating knowledge of exercise biology to novel therapeutics greater knowledge of how cells and tissues are modified in response to recurring bouts of exercise provides a basis for more precise recommendations as to the mode , intensity , and amount of exercise [] to produce specific health benefits ( e.g. , treatment of dyslipidemia [ 13 ] , control of body weight [ 14 ] , or prevention of diabetes [ 15 ] ) .

Muscles composed primarily of fast glycolytic fibers are needed for rapid movements ( e.g. , escape from predators ) but fatigue when sustained periods of activity are required ( e.g. , migration ) .
muscles composed primarily of fast glycolytic fibers are needed for rapid movements ( e.g. , escape from predators ) but fatigue when sustained periods of activity are [] ( e.g. , migration ) .

To explain this cellular memory , we propose that , as the bursts of contractile activity are sustained over time ( through a tonic pattern of neural stimulation ) , a second source of calcium is mobilized from outside of the cell and enters via a class of calcium channels that are called  store-operated  or  non-voltage-dependent.  This second source of calcium is not required for muscle contractions , but is required to sustain calcium-dependent signaling to the nucleus .
to explain this cellular memory , we propose that , as the bursts of contractile activity are sustained over time ( through a tonic pattern of neural stimulation ) , a second source of calcium is mobilized from outside of the cell and enters via a class of calcium channels that are called  store-operated  or  non-voltage-dependent.  this second source of calcium is not [] for muscle contractions , but is [] to sustain calcium-dependent signaling to the nucleus .

However , future in vivo studies are required to rule out the potential of these cells for teratoma formation .
however , future in vivo studies are [] to rule out the potential of these cells for teratoma formation .

Such in vivo studies will also be required to properly assess the safety profile of these cells .
such in vivo studies will also be [] to properly assess the safety profile of these cells .

In fact , if savings are to be made in an open-access model , they will largely be found in the variable costs of journal productionsince an open-access journal will not have to cover the costs of subscription management , licence negotiations , or sales , and little is required for marketing and distribution .
in fact , if savings are to be made in an open-access model , they will largely be found in the variable costs of journal productionsince an open-access journal will not have to cover the costs of subscription management , licence negotiations , or sales , and little is [] for marketing and distribution .

Accurate measurements of T2* relies on motion artifact-free multiecho pulse sequences that are not routinely available on clinical scanners at spatial resolutions required for nodal staging .
accurate measurements of t2* relies on motion artifact-free multiecho pulse sequences that are not routinely available on clinical scanners at spatial resolutions [] for nodal staging .

The Future of Celebrity Selling With pharmaceutical marketing , it is clear that nothing short of a Vatican II-style reform is required , though there are already encouraging signs of change .
the future of celebrity selling with pharmaceutical marketing , it is clear that nothing short of a vatican ii-style reform is [] , though there are already encouraging signs of change .

Other concerns relating to the field include questions about the impact of having insulin-producing foreign cells within the hepatic parenchyma , the long-term consequences of elevated portal pressures resulting from the islet infusion , and the fact that islet recipients can be sensitized against donor tissue types , making it more difficult to find a suitable donor should another life-saving transplant be required in the future .
other concerns relating to the field include questions about the impact of having insulin-producing foreign cells within the hepatic parenchyma , the long-term consequences of elevated portal pressures resulting from the islet infusion , and the fact that islet recipients can be sensitized against donor tissue types , making it more difficult to find a suitable donor should another life-saving transplant be [] in the future .

Even a low baseline level of insulin production by the transplanted islets may lower the amount of insulin required , while reducing the number and severity of hypoglycemic events .
even a low baseline level of insulin production by the transplanted islets may lower the amount of insulin [] , while reducing the number and severity of hypoglycemic events .

Reversing this brain drain is essential over the long-term , as HIV treatment and care will be required for decades .
reversing this brain drain is essential over the long-term , as hiv treatment and care will be [] for decades .

The ability to follow individual cells as organs develop is key to this , says Stainier , who reported in March that fibronectin is required for heart development because , by regulating the polarisation of epithelial cells , fibronectin ensures the correct migration of myocardial cells .
the ability to follow individual cells as organs develop is key to this , says stainier , who reported in march that fibronectin is [] for heart development because , by regulating the polarisation of epithelial cells , fibronectin ensures the correct migration of myocardial cells .

Patients underwent successive treatment interruptions after an initial treatment period of at least 8 mo ( median , 508 d ; range , 2451,096 d ) and were required to restart therapy when viral load exceeded 50,000 RNA copies/ml plasma on a single occasion , or 5,000 copies/ml for three consecutive weeks .
patients underwent successive treatment interruptions after an initial treatment period of at least 8 mo ( median , 508 d ; range , 2451,096 d ) and were [] to restart therapy when viral load exceeded 50,000 rna copies/ml plasma on a single occasion , or 5,000 copies/ml for three consecutive weeks .

Using sophisticated methodology to determine total body water and extracellular water , they demonstrate a 6.7 % deficit in total body water and an 11.7 % deficit of intracellular water , providing an important indication of the volumes of fluid that may be required to optimize hydration .
using sophisticated methodology to determine total body water and extracellular water , they demonstrate a 6.7 % deficit in total body water and an 11.7 % deficit of intracellular water , providing an important indication of the volumes of fluid that may be [] to optimize hydration .

This observation is very intriguing , especially in light of a recent finding that prion conformation of some proteins is required for formation of prions by the other proteins .
this observation is very intriguing , especially in light of a recent finding that prion conformation of some proteins is [] for formation of prions by the other proteins .

This factor is specifically required for maintenance of all known prions within generations and probably is not involved in prion formation ( i.e. , initial protein aggregation ) .
this factor is specifically [] for maintenance of all known prions within generations and probably is not involved in prion formation ( i.e. , initial protein aggregation ) .

Interferon-inducible protein 10 ( IP-10 ) , monokine induced by interferon gamma ( MIG ) , and interferon-inducible T cell alpha chemoattractant ( I-TAC ) are three known ligands for CXCR3 produced by normal and injured epithelial cells and T cells that are required for homing of Th1 cells [ 27,28,29 ] .
interferon-inducible protein 10 ( ip-10 ) , monokine induced by interferon gamma ( mig ) , and interferon-inducible t cell alpha chemoattractant ( i-tac ) are three known ligands for cxcr3 produced by normal and injured epithelial cells and t cells that are [] for homing of th1 cells [ 27,28,29 ] .

Together , these findings indicate that Th1 , but not Th2 , cytokines and related chemokines are required for establishing the pro-elastolytic lung environment that underlies human emphysema .
together , these findings indicate that th1 , but not th2 , cytokines and related chemokines are [] for establishing the pro-elastolytic lung environment that underlies human emphysema .

Strengthening the association between lung macrophages and IP-10/MIG-dependent MMP12 secretion is the fact that we have demonstrated that in humans macrophages , like T cells , express CXCR3 and that this receptor is required for MMP12 secretion in response to IP-10/MIG stimulation .
strengthening the association between lung macrophages and ip-10/mig-dependent mmp12 secretion is the fact that we have demonstrated that in humans macrophages , like t cells , express cxcr3 and that this receptor is [] for mmp12 secretion in response to ip-10/mig stimulation .

Clearly , further translational studies in humans are required to test the hypothesis that increasing the proportion of ST oxidative muscle fibers will overcome the mitochondrial dysfunction and metabolic defects associated with insulin-resistant states .
clearly , further translational studies in humans are [] to test the hypothesis that increasing the proportion of st oxidative muscle fibers will overcome the mitochondrial dysfunction and metabolic defects associated with insulin-resistant states .

We have conducted preliminary studies that suggest that we can accurately measure CD4 counts from less than 5 l of blood obtained via fingerstick ( data not shown ) ; additional studies will be required to assess the correlation between CD4 counts obtained by fingerstick and by venipuncture .
we have conducted preliminary studies that suggest that we can accurately measure cd4 counts from less than 5 l of blood obtained via fingerstick ( data not shown ) ; additional studies will be [] to assess the correlation between cd4 counts obtained by fingerstick and by venipuncture .

While the methods we described provide the basis for a highly portable and flexible miniaturized CD4 counting system , it should be emphasized that a number of additional developments are required to enable the widespread use of this approach in resource-limited settings .
while the methods we described provide the basis for a highly portable and flexible miniaturized cd4 counting system , it should be emphasized that a number of additional developments are [] to enable the widespread use of this approach in resource-limited settings .

It appears to be a very rare event , much rarer than resistance to antibiotics.  Fischetti cautions against expecting that gladsome state to last forever , but he points out that even if widespread resistance takes the same 40 or 50 years that antibiotics required to become significantly resistant , phage enzymes could buy researchers decades for inventing other approaches .
it appears to be a very rare event , much rarer than resistance to antibiotics.  fischetti cautions against expecting that gladsome state to last forever , but he points out that even if widespread resistance takes the same 40 or 50 years that antibiotics [] to become significantly resistant , phage enzymes could buy researchers decades for inventing other approaches .

There are also systems in which heterozygosity at a single locus is required for female development ( known as complementary sex determination ; [ 3 ] ) , as well as systems involving sex determination via multiple genes with additive effects .
there are also systems in which heterozygosity at a single locus is [] for female development ( known as complementary sex determination ; [ 3 ] ) , as well as systems involving sex determination via multiple genes with additive effects .

Productive splicing of tra is required to produce the female-specific form of dsx , a founding member of the DM family mentioned above .
productive splicing of tra is [] to produce the female-specific form of dsx , a founding member of the dm family mentioned above .

Indeed , they discovered a population of neurons called end-stopped cells that respond to the ends of lines and points of high line curvature in the manner required by Attneave 's analysis .
indeed , they discovered a population of neurons called end-stopped cells that respond to the ends of lines and points of high line curvature in the manner [] by attneave 's analysis .

They were required to have a magnetic resonance imaging or computed tomographic scan of the head and computed tomographic scans of the chest , abdomen , and pelvis showing no indication of disease within 4 wk of therapy to verify that they were clinically free of melanoma .
they were [] to have a magnetic resonance imaging or computed tomographic scan of the head and computed tomographic scans of the chest , abdomen , and pelvis showing no indication of disease within 4 wk of therapy to verify that they were clinically free of melanoma .

Tests for human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis C antibody ( Ab ) , and hepatitis B surface antigen were required to be negative , and all patients were HLA-A2 antigen positive by a microcytotoxicity assay .
tests for human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis c antibody ( ab ) , and hepatitis b surface antigen were [] to be negative , and all patients were hla-a2 antigen positive by a microcytotoxicity assay .

All patients were required to comprehend and sign an informed consent form approved by the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ; Bethesda , Maryland , United States ) and the Los Angeles County/University of Southern California Institutional Review Board .
all patients were [] to comprehend and sign an informed consent form approved by the national cancer institute ( nci ; bethesda , maryland , united states ) and the los angeles county/university of southern california institutional review board .

In order to compare REs of various CTL lines , each clone was assigned an RE score expressed as the negative log 10 value of the peptide concentration required for 40 % specific lysis at an E : T ratio of 10:1 .
in order to compare res of various ctl lines , each clone was assigned an re score expressed as the negative log 10 value of the peptide concentration [] for 40 % specific lysis at an e : t ratio of 10:1 .

Clones that did not lyse tumor cells required up to 10 3 -fold higher concentration of peptide for similar levels of lysis of targets compared to T cell clones that were tumor-lytic .
clones that did not lyse tumor cells [] up to 10 3 -fold higher concentration of peptide for similar levels of lysis of targets compared to t cell clones that were tumor-lytic .

It is important to bear in mind that signals needed to drive a de novo nave T cell response may be different from those required to drive further expansion of an activated T cell population [ 37 ] .
it is important to bear in mind that signals needed to drive a de novo nave t cell response may be different from those [] to drive further expansion of an activated t cell population [ 37 ] .

Together these findings , say the authors , indicate that Th1 cells , but not Th2 cells , are required for producing the elastin-destroying lung environment of emphysema .
together these findings , say the authors , indicate that th1 cells , but not th2 cells , are [] for producing the elastin-destroying lung environment of emphysema .

Thus , activation of NF-B is required for LPS induction of resistin in human macrophages .
thus , activation of nf-b is [] for lps induction of resistin in human macrophages .

If IMT increases , more control is required .
if imt increases , more control is [] .

New mathematics will be required to cope with these ensemble properties and with the heterogeneity of the biological units that compose ensembles at each level .
new mathematics will be [] to cope with these ensemble properties and with the heterogeneity of the biological units that compose ensembles at each level .

Then , in the 20th century , it was discovered , for example , that the numerical processes required for the cohort-component method of population projection can be conveniently summarized and executed using matrices ( Keyfitz 1968 ) .
then , in the 20th century , it was discovered , for example , that the numerical processes [] for the cohort-component method of population projection can be conveniently summarized and executed using matrices ( keyfitz 1968 ) .

Theoretical understanding is required as a check on the great risk of error in software , and to bridge the enormous gap between computational results and insight or understanding .
theoretical understanding is [] as a check on the great risk of error in software , and to bridge the enormous gap between computational results and insight or understanding .

Finally , in transfer experiments performed at close to 0 C , where endo- , exo- , and phagocytosis would be blocked , vesicle exchange still occurred , suggesting that these events are not required for vesicle transfer and further supporting the idea that membrane continuity exists between connected cells .
finally , in transfer experiments performed at close to 0 c , where endo- , exo- , and phagocytosis would be blocked , vesicle exchange still occurred , suggesting that these events are not [] for vesicle transfer and further supporting the idea that membrane continuity exists between connected cells .

By contrast , interfering with actin polymerization , using the drug latrunculin-B , led to protrusion removal and arrest in organelle transfer , indicating that actin is required both for protrusion biogenesis and organelle transport .
by contrast , interfering with actin polymerization , using the drug latrunculin-b , led to protrusion removal and arrest in organelle transfer , indicating that actin is [] both for protrusion biogenesis and organelle transport .

General arguments of thermodynamic efficiency and specificity of enzymatic reactions suggest that this selectivity is required for biological function and is a general result of natural selection .
general arguments of thermodynamic efficiency and specificity of enzymatic reactions suggest that this selectivity is [] for biological function and is a general result of natural selection .

Although the energy required for lateral separation of the transmembrane domains in membrane appears to be high , the third step in Figure 1 ( clustering via transmembrane domain oligomerization ) may compensate for it .
although the energy [] for lateral separation of the transmembrane domains in membrane appears to be high , the third step in figure 1 ( clustering via transmembrane domain oligomerization ) may compensate for it .

There may exist other factors , such as negative regulators , in cells that bind to the cytoplasmic tails or their complex , and control the conformational change required for integrin activation .
there may exist other factors , such as negative regulators , in cells that bind to the cytoplasmic tails or their complex , and control the conformational change [] for integrin activation .

In addition , to increase resources , intensified commitment is required to ensure every opportunity is taken to integrate prevention and treatment .
in addition , to increase resources , intensified commitment is [] to ensure every opportunity is taken to integrate prevention and treatment .

Interestingly , individual and pairs of genes did not perform that well , and all three genes in a triplet were required for the highest accuracy ( about 80 % 90 % ) .
interestingly , individual and pairs of genes did not perform that well , and all three genes in a triplet were [] for the highest accuracy ( about 80 % 90 % ) .

Landraces are highly heterogeneous , having been selected for subsistence agricultural environments where low , but stable yields were important and natural environmental fluctuation required a broad genetic base ( Figure 2 ) .
landraces are highly heterogeneous , having been selected for subsistence agricultural environments where low , but stable yields were important and natural environmental fluctuation [] a broad genetic base ( figure 2 ) .

These steps can be formulaically required , which should allow for performance of clinical research despite the presence of institutional commercial interests .
these steps can be formulaically [] , which should allow for performance of clinical research despite the presence of institutional commercial interests .

Finally , mutation of a factor required to load cohesinthe protein complex responsible for chromosome cohesiononto chromosomes appears to cause Cornelia de Lange syndrome , a clinically heterogeneous developmental disorder that may include facial dysmorphia , upper-extremity malformations , hirsutism , cardiac defects , growth and cognitive retardation , and gastrointestinal disorders [ 3,4,5 ] .
finally , mutation of a factor [] to load cohesinthe protein complex responsible for chromosome cohesiononto chromosomes appears to cause cornelia de lange syndrome , a clinically heterogeneous developmental disorder that may include facial dysmorphia , upper-extremity malformations , hirsutism , cardiac defects , growth and cognitive retardation , and gastrointestinal disorders [ 3,4,5 ] .

Studies of cohesion at the centromere reveal that as little as 100 bp ( a portion of CDEII and the entire CDEIII ) are required to direct cohesion [ 13,14,19 ] .
studies of cohesion at the centromere reveal that as little as 100 bp ( a portion of cdeii and the entire cdeiii ) are [] to direct cohesion [ 13,14,19 ] .

Eco1 and Chl1 are required for establishing cohesion but not for maintenance [ 22,23,24 ] .
eco1 and chl1 are [] for establishing cohesion but not for maintenance [ 22,23,24 ] .

In Drosophila , one of the components that loads cohesin ( Nipped-B or Scc2 ) has also been shown to be required for long-range promoterenhancer interactions [ 39,40 ] .
in drosophila , one of the components that loads cohesin ( nipped-b or scc2 ) has also been shown to be [] for long-range promoterenhancer interactions [ 39,40 ] .

These  primary  endosymbionts are required for the survival and reproduction of the host , most of which feed on unbalanced diets such as plant sap , blood , or grain , and occur within specialized host cells called bacteriocytes ( or mycetocytes ) ( Baumann et al .
these  primary  endosymbionts are [] for the survival and reproduction of the host , most of which feed on unbalanced diets such as plant sap , blood , or grain , and occur within specialized host cells called bacteriocytes ( or mycetocytes ) ( baumann et al .

Parallels among these mutualist genomes include their small size ( each smaller than 810 kb ) , yet retention of specific biosynthetic pathways for nutrients required by the host ( for example , amino acids or vitamins ) .
parallels among these mutualist genomes include their small size ( each smaller than 810 kb ) , yet retention of specific biosynthetic pathways for nutrients [] by the host ( for example , amino acids or vitamins ) .

The rapidly growing molecular datasets for secondary ( or young primary ) insect endosymbionts have identified pathways that are considered to be required for pathogenicity , such as Type III secretion ( Dale et al .
the rapidly growing molecular datasets for secondary ( or young primary ) insect endosymbionts have identified pathways that are considered to be [] for pathogenicity , such as type iii secretion ( dale et al .

Many important discoveries were made during this period , which led in part to the general conclusion that progenitor cells are required for most regenerative processes .
many important discoveries were made during this period , which led in part to the general conclusion that progenitor cells are [] for most regenerative processes .

These researchers think that although stem cells may offer some benefits in the relatively near future , a more comprehensive approach will be required to meet all of our regenerative needs .
these researchers think that although stem cells may offer some benefits in the relatively near future , a more comprehensive approach will be [] to meet all of our regenerative needs .

If Msx1 function is markedly reduced in salamander myofibers by preventing the efficient synthesis of the Msx1 protein , cellularization or fragmentation of the myofiber is inhibited , suggesting that Msx1 is required for this process .
if msx1 function is markedly reduced in salamander myofibers by preventing the efficient synthesis of the msx1 protein , cellularization or fragmentation of the myofiber is inhibited , suggesting that msx1 is [] for this process .

In my genomics class , students have three assignments for which they are required to mine databases for sequence , transcriptome , and proteome information ( see www.bio.davidson.edu/courses/genomics/2003/cain/home.html ) .
in my genomics class , students have three assignments for which they are [] to mine databases for sequence , transcriptome , and proteome information ( see www.bio.davidson.edu/courses/genomics/2003/cain/home.html ) .

Another exam question required students to mine a database associated with the Bozdech paper ( see http : //malaria.ucsf.edu/index.php ) .
another exam question [] students to mine a database associated with the bozdech paper ( see http : //malaria.ucsf.edu/index.php ) .

For instance , the level of motor skill required for dexterous finger manipulation is outstanding .
for instance , the level of motor skill [] for dexterous finger manipulation is outstanding .

Under current regulations , manufacturers of commercial chemicals ( excluding pesticides ) are not required to supply any toxicity data before selling their products .
under current regulations , manufacturers of commercial chemicals ( excluding pesticides ) are not [] to supply any toxicity data before selling their products .

Indeed , chemical manufacturers are not required to  prove  that a chemical is safe before marketing it .
indeed , chemical manufacturers are not [] to  prove  that a chemical is safe before marketing it .

For new commercial chemicals , toxicity testing in animals should be required before they are marketed .
for new commercial chemicals , toxicity testing in animals should be [] before they are marketed .

For all new chemicals , including pesticides , extensive premarket testing should be required in multiple animal species of both sexes and at different developmental stages .
for all new chemicals , including pesticides , extensive premarket testing should be [] in multiple animal species of both sexes and at different developmental stages .

To maintain competitive premiums , insurers are designing products that reduce the benefits they pay out by increasing the out-of-pocket portion that patients are required to pay for services received .
to maintain competitive premiums , insurers are designing products that reduce the benefits they pay out by increasing the out-of-pocket portion that patients are [] to pay for services received .

In addition , patients are often required to pay a dollar amount ( co-payment ) or a percentage of the charges ( coinsurance ) each time services are received .
in addition , patients are often [] to pay a dollar amount ( co-payment ) or a percentage of the charges ( coinsurance ) each time services are received .

Others recommend that individuals be required to purchase their own coverage .
others recommend that individuals be [] to purchase their own coverage .

Although huge sums of money have been poured into combating HIV/AIDSaround US $ 4.7 billion in 2003UNAIDS estimates this amount is less than half of what is required by 2005 , and only a quarter of what will be required by 2007 , to mount a comprehensive response to AIDS in low-income and middle-income countries .
although huge sums of money have been poured into combating hiv/aidsaround us $ 4.7 billion in 2003unaids estimates this amount is less than half of what is [] by 2005 , and only a quarter of what will be [] by 2007 , to mount a comprehensive response to aids in low-income and middle-income countries .

Many United States hospitals are required to provide some manner of interpreter services for people with limited English proficiencybut do those services also bridge the cultural divide ?
many united states hospitals are [] to provide some manner of interpreter services for people with limited english proficiencybut do those services also bridge the cultural divide ?

Based on existing software collaborations , we estimate a required minimum  critical mass  of a few dozen active members .
based on existing software collaborations , we estimate a [] minimum  critical mass  of a few dozen active members .

To assess how many animals would be required in a single low-dose challenge experiment , we performed a statistical power analysis ( see Methods ) .
to assess how many animals would be [] in a single low-dose challenge experiment , we performed a statistical power analysis ( see methods ) .

We found that , even for the highest vaccine efficacy of 90 % , the single low-dose challenge design required more than 20 animals per group to reach a statistical power of 95 % .
we found that , even for the highest vaccine efficacy of 90 % , the single low-dose challenge design [] more than 20 animals per group to reach a statistical power of 95 % .

Repeated Low-Dose Challenge Design Does Not Require Large Numbers of Animals We propose an alternative design involving repeated challenges of individual animals with low doses , which circumvents the disadvantage of the single low-dose challenge design that large numbers of host individuals are required .
repeated low-dose challenge design does not require large numbers of animals we propose an alternative design involving repeated challenges of individual animals with low doses , which circumvents the disadvantage of the single low-dose challenge design that large numbers of host individuals are [] .

This shift of focus required the development of novel statistical models that allowed the estimation of these indirect effects [ 42,43 ] .
this shift of focus [] the development of novel statistical models that allowed the estimation of these indirect effects [ 42,43 ] .

These properties rendered nucleic acids well suited for storing information , but flawed for mediating the diverse chemistries required to sustain and improve increasingly complex biological systems .
these properties rendered nucleic acids well suited for storing information , but flawed for mediating the diverse chemistries [] to sustain and improve increasingly complex biological systems .

True evolution takes place when the theoretical complexity of a population exceeds the number of different molecules that can be created in a single library translation step , and when diversification is required to access compounds in later generations that are more fit than any member of the starting pool .
true evolution takes place when the theoretical complexity of a population exceeds the number of different molecules that can be created in a single library translation step , and when diversification is [] to access compounds in later generations that are more fit than any member of the starting pool .

However , because so few copies of a DNA-linked synthetic molecule are required for in vitro selection ( Doyon et al .
however , because so few copies of a dna-linked synthetic molecule are [] for in vitro selection ( doyon et al .

Reservations are required .
reservations are [] .

Our goal is to award scholarships in the amount of $ 5,000 to first-year minority dental students to pay for supplies and equipment required in the first academic year .
our goal is to award scholarships in the amount of $ 5,000 to first-year minority dental students to pay for supplies and equipment [] in the first academic year .

Of the nearly $ 300 million a year required to operate the School of Medicine , less than 20 percent comes from state dollars .
of the nearly $ 300 million a year [] to operate the school of medicine , less than 20 percent comes from state dollars .

You make it possible for us to help special kids with learning disabilities , behavior problems and economic disadvantages to gain the confidence required to put genuine effort into achieving real goals .
you make it possible for us to help special kids with learning disabilities , behavior problems and economic disadvantages to gain the confidence [] to put genuine effort into achieving real goals .

For this fiscal year and next , the law school is required to absorb reductions in its state appropriation and increased health costs totaling more than $ 400,000 .
for this fiscal year and next , the law school is [] to absorb reductions in its state appropriation and increased health costs totaling more than $ 400,000 .

This is required by the Secret Service for clearance to all Convention events and the special luncheon with Vice President Quayle .
this is [] by the secret service for clearance to all convention events and the special luncheon with vice president quayle .

We need books and newspapers and journals to create the climate of learning Franklin required .
we need books and newspapers and journals to create the climate of learning franklin [] .

The random gene changes that led to a much larger brain do not seem to offer survival advantage commensurate with the energy expenditure required to supply it .
the random gene changes that led to a much larger brain do not seem to offer survival advantage commensurate with the energy expenditure [] to supply it .

Our teacher , Father Michelin Pirelli , III , of The Absolutely Top Holiest Redeemer Reformed New Apostolic Charismatic Catholic Church , Old Latin Order , has always required that we say `` Okay '' before we have sex with him or go to the basement for chastisement .
our teacher , father michelin pirelli , iii , of the absolutely top holiest redeemer reformed new apostolic charismatic catholic church , old latin order , has always [] that we say `` okay '' before we have sex with him or go to the basement for chastisement .

Elect Alan Keyes and everyone will be required to wear underwear on the outside ( to continue my homage to Woody Allen 's Bananas ) .
elect alan keyes and everyone will be [] to wear underwear on the outside ( to continue my homage to woody allen 's bananas ) .

A different , more active GOP House election strategy might have worked better , but it might also have required that Gingrich take a higher profile ( and , inevitably , attack Clinton ) ; 2 ) Bet if you 'd asked Clinton 's aides in the spring of 1998 whether they 'd rather have an unencumbered Gingrich or a subdued Gingrich , they would have picked the latter -- even if , in hindsight , that might have been a mistaken calculation .
a different , more active gop house election strategy might have worked better , but it might also have [] that gingrich take a higher profile ( and , inevitably , attack clinton ) ; 2 ) bet if you 'd asked clinton 's aides in the spring of 1998 whether they 'd rather have an unencumbered gingrich or a subdued gingrich , they would have picked the latter -- even if , in hindsight , that might have been a mistaken calculation .

None of the brass are on the hook for the money cadged but the story points out a more serious angle : Since service numbers are now just SSNs , if a soldier is captured , as things stand now , he is required to provide his SSN to his captors , which they could use to find out all about his family , finances and personal background .
none of the brass are on the hook for the money cadged but the story points out a more serious angle : since service numbers are now just ssns , if a soldier is captured , as things stand now , he is [] to provide his ssn to his captors , which they could use to find out all about his family , finances and personal background .

Asked what he would do if his health-care plan required a tax increase , Bradley quite reasonably responded that he does n't believe it will require a tax increase , but that if it does , his options would include cutting other spending or raising taxes , and that he would make a judgment at the time .
asked what he would do if his health-care plan [] a tax increase , bradley quite reasonably responded that he does n't believe it will require a tax increase , but that if it does , his options would include cutting other spending or raising taxes , and that he would make a judgment at the time .

Governments are required to restrict speech and other rights as little as possible .
governments are [] to restrict speech and other rights as little as possible .

To qualify for a bonus under his new regulations , states would be required not just to make it easy for families who leave welfare ( TANF ) to keep getting food stamps , but to actively `` encourage food stamp applications even if the TANF application halts . ''
to qualify for a bonus under his new regulations , states would be [] not just to make it easy for families who leave welfare ( tanf ) to keep getting food stamps , but to actively `` encourage food stamp applications even if the tanf application halts . ''

In New York alone , Sidewalk , CitySearch , Total New York , New York Yahoo ! , the Village Voice , Time Out ( registration required ) , Paper , and H/X are battling for online supremacy .
in new york alone , sidewalk , citysearch , total new york , new york yahoo ! , the village voice , time out ( registration [] ) , paper , and h/x are battling for online supremacy .

Acclimating himself to the online world in one show , he required callers to tap their words into a keyboard as they spoke .
acclimating himself to the online world in one show , he [] callers to tap their words into a keyboard as they spoke .

At work between herself and us there wasA new principle of social awkwardnessAnd skillfulness required of each of us.Our tones of voice in this easy conversationWere instruments of marvelous finesse , Measuring and maintaining with exactitude '' The fact or condition of the differenceThere was between us , both in space and time .
at work between herself and us there wasa new principle of social awkwardnessand skillfulness [] of each of us.our tones of voice in this easy conversationwere instruments of marvelous finesse , measuring and maintaining with exactitude '' the fact or condition of the differencethere was between us , both in space and time .

The NYT stresses that for all the credit-claiming , the current budget process is still , to put it Times ly , `` untidy '' -- with only nine days left before the congressional recess , the paper notes , only 2 of the 13 spending bills required for government operations have been completed .
the nyt stresses that for all the credit-claiming , the current budget process is still , to put it times ly , `` untidy '' -- with only nine days left before the congressional recess , the paper notes , only 2 of the 13 spending bills [] for government operations have been completed .

The NYT does an excellent job of canvassing the issues raised by the database , which include : What types of offenders should be required to give samples ?
the nyt does an excellent job of canvassing the issues raised by the database , which include : what types of offenders should be [] to give samples ?

The WP reports that starting tomorrow , all airlines are required to ask any U.S. citizen traveling to or from the United States something they 've not routinely asked before -- the name of their next of kin .
the wp reports that starting tomorrow , all airlines are [] to ask any u.s. citizen traveling to or from the united states something they 've not routinely asked before -- the name of their next of kin .

The Times reports that Amazon.com recently offered free lattes to employees who quickly expelled from their e-mail all files not required for ongoing business or by law .
the times reports that amazon.com recently offered free lattes to employees who quickly expelled from their e-mail all files not [] for ongoing business or by law .

The NYT flatly asserts that the Republican majority is now so slim that `` there is little chance the 218 votes required for impeachment can be assembled . ''
the nyt flatly asserts that the republican majority is now so slim that `` there is little chance the 218 votes [] for impeachment can be assembled . ''

There 's the item revealing that two black Clinton Cabinet secretaries , the late Ron Brown and ( the probably wishing he was late ) Mike Espy , were required to submit urine samples for drug tests , while two white Cabinet officers revealed they were not .
there 's the item revealing that two black clinton cabinet secretaries , the late ron brown and ( the probably wishing he was late ) mike espy , were [] to submit urine samples for drug tests , while two white cabinet officers revealed they were not .

A little elaboration is required -- after all , Chrysler is now joined at the balance sheet with longtime German auto colossus Daimler .
a little elaboration is [] -- after all , chrysler is now joined at the balance sheet with longtime german auto colossus daimler .

Glenn , whose age-related experiments required him to provide 10 blood and 16 urine samples in zero gravity , was understandably wobbly upon de-shuttling .
glenn , whose age-related experiments [] him to provide 10 blood and 16 urine samples in zero gravity , was understandably wobbly upon de-shuttling .

Says , the Post , the office had to continue operating while those investigated or required to testify appealed for reimbursement of their legal expenses .
says , the post , the office had to continue operating while those investigated or [] to testify appealed for reimbursement of their legal expenses .

USAT says the DOD Inspector General concluded that despite its claims to the contrary , the Pentagon 's `` Special Weapons Agency '' never performed the required tests on three of its five essential computer systems .
usat says the dod inspector general concluded that despite its claims to the contrary , the pentagon 's `` special weapons agency '' never performed the [] tests on three of its five essential computer systems .

According to the Post , the administration 's big Iraq policy shift is that henceforth , it will not view action by or relating to the U.N. 's weapons inspectors , nor approval by the U.N. Security Council or any of the Allies , as required for the U.S. use of force .
according to the post , the administration 's big iraq policy shift is that henceforth , it will not view action by or relating to the u.n. 's weapons inspectors , nor approval by the u.n. security council or any of the allies , as [] for the u.s. use of force .

McCain said at the event what he has often said before : that reform is required in order to `` give the government of this country back to its citizens . ''
mccain said at the event what he has often said before : that reform is [] in order to `` give the government of this country back to its citizens . ''

Yeltsin , the papers report , said the new millennium required new leadership and he appealed for forgiveness on his way out .
yeltsin , the papers report , said the new millennium [] new leadership and he appealed for forgiveness on his way out .

The WP inside serves up two dispatches from the bureaucracy front : 1 ) The government has ruled that the 1988 CIA budget -- that 's right the 19 88 budget , a budget spent almost entirely on combating a country that no longer exists -- should remain secret ; 2 ) The chairman of Exxon Mobil says that for the recent merger that created his company , government regulators required the production of more than 31.2 million pieces of paper .
the wp inside serves up two dispatches from the bureaucracy front : 1 ) the government has ruled that the 1988 cia budget -- that 's right the 19 88 budget , a budget spent almost entirely on combating a country that no longer exists -- should remain secret ; 2 ) the chairman of exxon mobil says that for the recent merger that created his company , government regulators [] the production of more than 31.2 million pieces of paper .

Just as obviously , the major agribusiness companies have hurt themselves by obstinately opposing things like labeling of genetically modified crops ( which is now required in Japan , the E.U. , and South Korea ) .
just as obviously , the major agribusiness companies have hurt themselves by obstinately opposing things like labeling of genetically modified crops ( which is now [] in japan , the e.u. , and south korea ) .

The stance , explains the Post , would mean that even if the employee just occasionally takes work home with him to attend to a sick child , employers are still required to make sure that he/she has ergonomically correct furniture and proper lighting and ventilation in the home office .
the stance , explains the post , would mean that even if the employee just occasionally takes work home with him to attend to a sick child , employers are still [] to make sure that he/she has ergonomically correct furniture and proper lighting and ventilation in the home office .

In most of the country , workers can be required to join a union or pay union dues as a condition of employment .
in most of the country , workers can be [] to join a union or pay union dues as a condition of employment .

Earlier this month , Hawaii 's high court determined that the state was not required to grant marriage licenses to gays and lesbians .
earlier this month , hawaii 's high court determined that the state was not [] to grant marriage licenses to gays and lesbians .

With reasoning similar to that of the Hawaii courts , the Vermont Supreme Court determined that the legislature `` was constitutionally required to extend to same-sex couples the common benefits and protections that flow from marriage under Vermont law . ''
with reasoning similar to that of the hawaii courts , the vermont supreme court determined that the legislature `` was constitutionally [] to extend to same-sex couples the common benefits and protections that flow from marriage under vermont law . ''

Viagra 's label did not adequately warn users with weak hearts and manufacturer Pfizer was not required to perform clinical trials on people with heart disease .
viagra 's label did not adequately warn users with weak hearts and manufacturer pfizer was not [] to perform clinical trials on people with heart disease .

The guidelines for senatorial conduct distributed yesterday make it very clear that perfect attendance and good behavior are required of senators .
the guidelines for senatorial conduct distributed yesterday make it very clear that perfect attendance and good behavior are [] of senators .

Prudie is grateful for your linguistic support , though on the question of what is required by the question `` How are you ? ''
prudie is grateful for your linguistic support , though on the question of what is [] by the question `` how are you ? ''

The whip , who knows he lacks the charm and cooperative instincts required for speakership , will be able to run his operation quietly , behind closed doors .
the whip , who knows he lacks the charm and cooperative instincts [] for speakership , will be able to run his operation quietly , behind closed doors .

It was believed that this goal was worth achieving even if it required a substantial fall in wages and prices -- that is , general deflation .
it was believed that this goal was worth achieving even if it [] a substantial fall in wages and prices -- that is , general deflation .

Several Republican senators agreed that `` fairness '' required the Senate to let the House managers `` make their case '' by calling witnesses .
several republican senators agreed that `` fairness '' [] the senate to let the house managers `` make their case '' by calling witnesses .

That required the concurrence of the vice president , which would surely not be forthcoming .
that [] the concurrence of the vice president , which would surely not be forthcoming .

As of this month , they no longer need vice squad clearance to apply for a passport , previously required of those without a university degree .
as of this month , they no longer need vice squad clearance to apply for a passport , previously [] of those without a university degree .

The Articles of Confederation explicitly stated that revision required the consent of every state , but the Philadelphia conventioneers , doubtful they 'd achieve unanimity , lowered the threshold to nine of 13 states -- on no authority but their own say-so .
the articles of confederation explicitly stated that revision [] the consent of every state , but the philadelphia conventioneers , doubtful they 'd achieve unanimity , lowered the threshold to nine of 13 states -- on no authority but their own say-so .

Friedman suggests that when two cars collide causing a total of , say , $ 10,000 worth of damage , everyone who was within a mile of the accident should be required to pay a fine of $ 10,000 .
friedman suggests that when two cars collide causing a total of , say , $ 10,000 worth of damage , everyone who was within a mile of the accident should be [] to pay a fine of $ 10,000 .

While that has surely been true in the past , and should continue to be for some years yet , the argument almost certainly will break down precisely when the money would be required .
while that has surely been true in the past , and should continue to be for some years yet , the argument almost certainly will break down precisely when the money would be [] .

Employees and employers are each required to pay 7.65 percent of an employee 's income in Social Security taxes and 1.45 percent in Medicare taxes .
employees and employers are each [] to pay 7.65 percent of an employee 's income in social security taxes and 1.45 percent in medicare taxes .

Others may be dissuaded from having children by the prospect of being required to work .
others may be dissuaded from having children by the prospect of being [] to work .

Ever since the Supreme Court decision that required the `` opt out , '' the court has drawn a wobbly line : Negotiating wages ?
ever since the supreme court decision that [] the `` opt out , '' the court has drawn a wobbly line : negotiating wages ?

My real gratitude is for what Yates ' example teaches : that politicians are n't required to preen and pander or to speak only for the parochial interests of their districts .
my real gratitude is for what yates ' example teaches : that politicians are n't [] to preen and pander or to speak only for the parochial interests of their districts .

On the other hand , an apology can be justified without being required or even desirable .
on the other hand , an apology can be justified without being [] or even desirable .

If you click `` Join the Libertarian Party , '' you 're required to check a box affirming that you `` do not believe in or advocate the initiation of force as a means of achieving political or social goals '' -- just to make sure you 're not Tim McVeigh .
if you click `` join the libertarian party , '' you 're [] to check a box affirming that you `` do not believe in or advocate the initiation of force as a means of achieving political or social goals '' -- just to make sure you 're not tim mcveigh .

I remember endless hallway discussions about how to balance the demand for lean and quick code against the bloat required to add new and nifty features .
i remember endless hallway discussions about how to balance the demand for lean and quick code against the bloat [] to add new and nifty features .

The creationists had only five of the six seats they needed on the Kansas board to remove evolution from the required curriculum .
the creationists had only five of the six seats they needed on the kansas board to remove evolution from the [] curriculum .

We ca n't have the coffee that comes with our complimentary continental breakfast because they might have drawn the water first thing in the morning without letting the taps run for the two minutes required to flush the lead out of the pipes .
we ca n't have the coffee that comes with our complimentary continental breakfast because they might have drawn the water first thing in the morning without letting the taps run for the two minutes [] to flush the lead out of the pipes .

Both the Congressional Budget Office and the Office of Management and Budget are required to assume the limits will actually be met when they make their projections ( a point generally overlooked ) .
both the congressional budget office and the office of management and budget are [] to assume the limits will actually be met when they make their projections ( a point generally overlooked ) .

Predictably , critics on the left denounced the war , arguing that the U.S. government 's motives were suspect because we have often invaded small countries for selfish reasons and have failed to intervene in conflicts when altruism required it .
predictably , critics on the left denounced the war , arguing that the u.s. government 's motives were suspect because we have often invaded small countries for selfish reasons and have failed to intervene in conflicts when altruism [] it .

To be fair , E has ( until last night ) required less maintenance than expected .
to be fair , e has ( until last night ) [] less maintenance than expected .

According to federal regulations , beginning 45 days before a primary , any radio station that carries a prepared audio message from a presidential candidate is required to give equal time to any other candidate who requests it .
according to federal regulations , beginning 45 days before a primary , any radio station that carries a prepared audio message from a presidential candidate is [] to give equal time to any other candidate who requests it .

He required 80 or more takes on a single scene and once called an employee and demanded help while she was in labor .
he [] 80 or more takes on a single scene and once called an employee and demanded help while she was in labor .

All nuclear power operators in China are required to have licenses and be well-trained . ''
all nuclear power operators in china are [] to have licenses and be well-trained . ''

I relayed a story to the crew one evening : We were traveling down the Rio de la Plata River from Buenos Aires , Argentina , to Montevideo , Uruguay ; the river has a fairly narrow channel that required a navigational pilot to assist us during the nine-hour transit .
i relayed a story to the crew one evening : we were traveling down the rio de la plata river from buenos aires , argentina , to montevideo , uruguay ; the river has a fairly narrow channel that [] a navigational pilot to assist us during the nine-hour transit .

Dr. Duncan 's information on the status Medicaid demonstration waiver is outdated ; the Oregon Health Plan received its Section 1115a Medicaid demonstration waiver from the federal government in 1994 after being required to reorder the prioritization list .
dr. duncan 's information on the status medicaid demonstration waiver is outdated ; the oregon health plan received its section 1115a medicaid demonstration waiver from the federal government in 1994 after being [] to reorder the prioritization list .

Equally important -- and I admit this sounds kind of cornball -- success required the civic spiritedness of pro- and anti-busing parents alike , who saw their way clear to hammering out compromises .
equally important -- and i admit this sounds kind of cornball -- success [] the civic spiritedness of pro- and anti-busing parents alike , who saw their way clear to hammering out compromises .

Searching for the rabbis ' ELS , therefore , required choices about what names to use for each particular rabbi .
searching for the rabbis ' els , therefore , [] choices about what names to use for each particular rabbi .

To sidestep this complaint , AMA officials promised never to strike ( though Dickey conceded doctors might resist bad employers by `` being a little slow in completing some of the paperwork '' required by HMOs ) and avoided the word `` union , '' instead calling their proposed alliance `` an affiliated labor organization . ''
to sidestep this complaint , ama officials promised never to strike ( though dickey conceded doctors might resist bad employers by `` being a little slow in completing some of the paperwork '' [] by hmos ) and avoided the word `` union , '' instead calling their proposed alliance `` an affiliated labor organization . ''

Bush `` so far does not seem to have the stomach for what is really required on Russia : an American apology ( of the sort Clinton so loves to hand out for the long-dead practice of American slavery , for genocide in Rwanda , and for other US moral lapses ) and a rebuilding , from the ground up , of this key strategic relationship . ''
bush `` so far does not seem to have the stomach for what is really [] on russia : an american apology ( of the sort clinton so loves to hand out for the long-dead practice of american slavery , for genocide in rwanda , and for other us moral lapses ) and a rebuilding , from the ground up , of this key strategic relationship . ''

The paper also quoted Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue as saying that Falun Gong had been banned because it had not been registered in the manner required by law .
the paper also quoted chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue as saying that falun gong had been banned because it had not been registered in the manner [] by law .

The extra expense required to avoid the sweaty traveling public may yield nothing in terms of higher productivity or profits , but with Uncle Sam footing a third of the cost , top managers may find the perk too tempting to resist .
the extra expense [] to avoid the sweaty traveling public may yield nothing in terms of higher productivity or profits , but with uncle sam footing a third of the cost , top managers may find the perk too tempting to resist .

As the SCMP observed , although it was `` [ r ] ecently overshadowed by the conflict in Kosovo , '' for 10 years now the West has used `` tough sanctions and low-intensity bombing , which has taken place on average once every three days '' to battle Saddam Hussein 's regime , without `` having the required effect . ''
as the scmp observed , although it was `` [ r ] ecently overshadowed by the conflict in kosovo , '' for 10 years now the west has used `` tough sanctions and low-intensity bombing , which has taken place on average once every three days '' to battle saddam hussein 's regime , without `` having the [] effect . ''

Andrew Motion 's poem `` Epithalamium '' ( read it here -- free registration for the Times site required ) was described as `` safe '' and `` traditional '' in the Independent , but novelist J.G .
andrew motion 's poem `` epithalamium '' ( read it here -- free registration for the times site [] ) was described as `` safe '' and `` traditional '' in the independent , but novelist j.g .

Would n't tolerance be easier if it only required agreement to disagree peacefully rather than demanding actual sharing of religious doctrines at some level of abstraction ?
would n't tolerance be easier if it only [] agreement to disagree peacefully rather than demanding actual sharing of religious doctrines at some level of abstraction ?

Jennifer Lopez , meanwhile , stormed off the set of her latest film because she was unhappy with the wig she was supposed to wear , says the Globe , which also reports that Ben Affleck was `` rude , difficult and furious '' when he was required to have a skull X-ray after an on-set mishap .
jennifer lopez , meanwhile , stormed off the set of her latest film because she was unhappy with the wig she was supposed to wear , says the globe , which also reports that ben affleck was `` rude , difficult and furious '' when he was [] to have a skull x-ray after an on-set mishap .

Most reassuring , my father would tell me that my family and I could always come to Washington , D.C. , and live quietly , keeping him company , for which not a lot of money was required .
most reassuring , my father would tell me that my family and i could always come to washington , d.c. , and live quietly , keeping him company , for which not a lot of money was [] .

I love black-and-white movies because back then , people were required to write a story that had meaning and hire actors who could act .
i love black-and-white movies because back then , people were [] to write a story that had meaning and hire actors who could act .

For John Paul II , as for Paul VI , the male monopoly on priesthood is required by `` theological anthropology . ''
for john paul ii , as for paul vi , the male monopoly on priesthood is [] by `` theological anthropology . ''

In college I participated in an essay contest that required entrants to use a nom de plume .
in college i participated in an essay contest that [] entrants to use a nom de plume .

I 'm a dyed-in-the-wool , freedom o'speech kind of guy , and it takes more than visceral disagreement to make me want a particular point of view erased from the face of the earth , or at least legally required to keep away from me .
i 'm a dyed-in-the-wool , freedom o'speech kind of guy , and it takes more than visceral disagreement to make me want a particular point of view erased from the face of the earth , or at least legally [] to keep away from me .

Later , I thought the subject required more analysis .
later , i thought the subject [] more analysis .

Recently I have come to think it means that not much wisdom is required to govern the world .
recently i have come to think it means that not much wisdom is [] to govern the world .

The required definitions are missing most of the time .
the [] definitions are missing most of the time .

Everybody explains that ratification ( which is what the Senate is contemplating ) by the 44 perceived nuclear capable countries is required to make it effective .
everybody explains that ratification ( which is what the senate is contemplating ) by the 44 perceived nuclear capable countries is [] to make it effective .

Defense officials warn that this success was only a first step , and much more work is required to provide comprehensive protection .
defense officials warn that this success was only a first step , and much more work is [] to provide comprehensive protection .

Metrication was revived in 1988 , when Congress required that all government agencies be metric by 1992 to the extent `` feasible . ''
metrication was revived in 1988 , when congress [] that all government agencies be metric by 1992 to the extent `` feasible . ''

Most were somewhere in the middle , treating employees like paper clips when their balance sheet required them to do so .
most were somewhere in the middle , treating employees like paper clips when their balance sheet [] them to do so .

What happened in the Senate , the papers report , is that in successive votes to force floor consideration of two campaign reform measures -- one simply a ban of the unregulated campaign use of donations made to the national political parties ( `` soft money '' ) , the other a broader bill that also would have tightened rules about `` issue ads '' that actually function in support of particular candidates -- the pro forces achieved slim majorities , but fell short of the 60 votes required to cut off a filibuster against the measures .
what happened in the senate , the papers report , is that in successive votes to force floor consideration of two campaign reform measures -- one simply a ban of the unregulated campaign use of donations made to the national political parties ( `` soft money '' ) , the other a broader bill that also would have tightened rules about `` issue ads '' that actually function in support of particular candidates -- the pro forces achieved slim majorities , but fell short of the 60 votes [] to cut off a filibuster against the measures .

Older Anglophones assured me they felt constant linguistic pressure , and that many middle-class English speakers had fled the province because their children had been required to attend French schools , and as Anglophones they 'd have no economic opportunities in the province after graduation .
older anglophones assured me they felt constant linguistic pressure , and that many middle-class english speakers had fled the province because their children had been [] to attend french schools , and as anglophones they 'd have no economic opportunities in the province after graduation .

According to the Monthly piece , Verner , Liipfert , though hired to help sell to Congress the settlement reached between state attorneys general and the tobacco industry ( without , of course , letting Congress make the minimal improvements required to make it even a marginally acceptable deal ) , was in fact mostly selling its reputation .
according to the monthly piece , verner , liipfert , though hired to help sell to congress the settlement reached between state attorneys general and the tobacco industry ( without , of course , letting congress make the minimal improvements [] to make it even a marginally acceptable deal ) , was in fact mostly selling its reputation .

Bradley , on the other hand , did n't refer at all to the welfare-reform bill of 1996 , which required states to adopt time limits and work requirements .
bradley , on the other hand , did n't refer at all to the welfare-reform bill of 1996 , which [] states to adopt time limits and work requirements .

Decisive and perhaps radical action would be required , not the puny list of previously planned and budgeted activities that Shalala described in her press release : A demonstration program in Illinois , $ 23 million in prevention grants , $ 2.5 million to maternal and child-health programs , past initiatives to fund family preservation programs and to oppose child-welfare block grants , and an `` unprecedented '' level of technical assistance to the states ( again , though , not an increase ) .
decisive and perhaps radical action would be [] , not the puny list of previously planned and budgeted activities that shalala described in her press release : a demonstration program in illinois , $ 23 million in prevention grants , $ 2.5 million to maternal and child-health programs , past initiatives to fund family preservation programs and to oppose child-welfare block grants , and an `` unprecedented '' level of technical assistance to the states ( again , though , not an increase ) .

I looked for items that required no effort to use yet promised dramatic effects .
i looked for items that [] no effort to use yet promised dramatic effects .

In essence , while Clinton would not be forced to resign or leave office , he would suffer a penalty that is often associated in the public mind with officials who are required to resign to avoid being removed or criminally prosecuted .
in essence , while clinton would not be forced to resign or leave office , he would suffer a penalty that is often associated in the public mind with officials who are [] to resign to avoid being removed or criminally prosecuted .

The United States can not see its competitiveness and prosperity erode for the benefit of developing nations that , for whatever reason , will not be required to abide by the strict impositions of a global-climate treaty .
the united states can not see its competitiveness and prosperity erode for the benefit of developing nations that , for whatever reason , will not be [] to abide by the strict impositions of a global-climate treaty .

Free registration required .
free registration [] .

Inglis , knowing of Hollings ' vitriol , proposed a `` Contract for a Courteous Campaign '' that would have required candidates to warn opponents in advance about attacks and to minimize negative ads and race baiting .
inglis , knowing of hollings ' vitriol , proposed a `` contract for a courteous campaign '' that would have [] candidates to warn opponents in advance about attacks and to minimize negative ads and race baiting .

The daimyo were required to spend alternate years in Edo , while their families lived there all the time , as hostages of sorts .
the daimyo were [] to spend alternate years in edo , while their families lived there all the time , as hostages of sorts .

Free registration required . )
free registration [] . )

Free registration required . )
free registration [] . )

When asked about the GOP 's failure to pass budget bills by June 30 , as required by law , he replied , `` No one has paid attention to the Budget Act since it was enacted . ''
when asked about the gop 's failure to pass budget bills by june 30 , as [] by law , he replied , `` no one has paid attention to the budget act since it was enacted . ''

As Slate has grown , this policy has required us to exclude more and more .
as slate has grown , this policy has [] us to exclude more and more .

The terms : 10 percent annual interest , no payments required until 2005 .
the terms : 10 percent annual interest , no payments [] until 2005 .

Does anybody really think that even if Lindsey is required to answer every question , he 'll actually incriminate Clinton ?
does anybody really think that even if lindsey is [] to answer every question , he 'll actually incriminate clinton ?

Usually at least a nanosecond of contrition is required .
usually at least a nanosecond of contrition is [] .

One reader offered `` Lobster Thermidor , '' which required a long explanation ( you do n't want to know ) .
one reader offered `` lobster thermidor , '' which [] a long explanation ( you do n't want to know ) .

It does n't count those whose employers do n't fill out the required forms .
it does n't count those whose employers do n't fill out the [] forms .

Further study will be required on the long-term psychological impact of this denial , a condition known clinically as Sorenseniasis .
further study will be [] on the long-term psychological impact of this denial , a condition known clinically as sorenseniasis .

Last month , the Kansas Board of Education voted to remove evolution from the state 's required curriculum .
last month , the kansas board of education voted to remove evolution from the state 's [] curriculum .

One case cited gives a feel for the amount of lapse required : The husband of a judge who participated in a ruling favorable to Wal-Mart held up to $ 50,000 worth of stock in the retailer .
one case cited gives a feel for the amount of lapse [] : the husband of a judge who participated in a ruling favorable to wal-mart held up to $ 50,000 worth of stock in the retailer .

I wrote a column recently about Ward Connerly ( slayer of affirmative action in California ) embracing an ACLU lawsuit that charges California with failing to provide qualified teachers and advanced-placement courses to poor and rural students-as required in state law .
i wrote a column recently about ward connerly ( slayer of affirmative action in california ) embracing an aclu lawsuit that charges california with failing to provide qualified teachers and advanced-placement courses to poor and rural students-as [] in state law .

Most health insurance covers `` quality of life '' afflictions such as arthritis , but how much sex is required for a decent quality of life ?
most health insurance covers `` quality of life '' afflictions such as arthritis , but how much sex is [] for a decent quality of life ?

Snags : 1 ) Jackson is increasingly friendly with Wall Streeters , an alliance that troubles many lefties ; 2 ) he will certainly lose ; and 3 ) he may lack the selflessness required to build an organization that would endure after his loss .
snags : 1 ) jackson is increasingly friendly with wall streeters , an alliance that troubles many lefties ; 2 ) he will certainly lose ; and 3 ) he may lack the selflessness [] to build an organization that would endure after his loss .

We were easy prey for the safety crusaders who argued in the 1970s and '80s that drivers and their passengers could not be expected to buckle their seat belts and shoulder belts , and that the recalcitrant car companies should be required to install `` passive restraints . ''
we were easy prey for the safety crusaders who argued in the 1970s and '80s that drivers and their passengers could not be expected to buckle their seat belts and shoulder belts , and that the recalcitrant car companies should be [] to install `` passive restraints . ''

Only in this case -- unlike in Moynihan 's -- the redefinition has served to increase , rather than decrease , the required level of government intervention , shifting to the national treasury responsibility for hardships that individuals and localities once stoically assumed .
only in this case -- unlike in moynihan 's -- the redefinition has served to increase , rather than decrease , the [] level of government intervention , shifting to the national treasury responsibility for hardships that individuals and localities once stoically assumed .

He may have pitched softballs , but that 's what the ground rules of the occasion required .
he may have pitched softballs , but that 's what the ground rules of the occasion [] .

Lehrer is n't always as flat as he was required to be in the debates , but there is the same vacant and impassive style , and there are ( for my taste ) , too many of the same easily answered -- or evaded -- questions .
lehrer is n't always as flat as he was [] to be in the debates , but there is the same vacant and impassive style , and there are ( for my taste ) , too many of the same easily answered -- or evaded -- questions .

This system produces mature plants in four to six weeks instead of the several months required under ordinary growing conditions .
this system produces mature plants in four to six weeks instead of the several months [] under ordinary growing conditions .

Bradley would probably have an easier time with this question than Bush , because as a Democrat he is not required to believe that `` reverse discrimination '' is necessarily a terrible thing , and because athletic talent can plausibly be seen as a legitimate aspect of `` merit , '' while choosing a father who went to Yale can not .
bradley would probably have an easier time with this question than bush , because as a democrat he is not [] to believe that `` reverse discrimination '' is necessarily a terrible thing , and because athletic talent can plausibly be seen as a legitimate aspect of `` merit , '' while choosing a father who went to yale can not .

Doctors will be required to hire a privacy `` point person , '' says the LAT , who will be trained to edit records for release ; currently , when an employer inquires about a job-related injury , for example , he is usually given the employee 's entire record .
doctors will be [] to hire a privacy `` point person , '' says the lat , who will be trained to edit records for release ; currently , when an employer inquires about a job-related injury , for example , he is usually given the employee 's entire record .

Previously , the U.S. had required the removal of Serbian dictator Slobodan Milosevic to end sanctions .
previously , the u.s. had [] the removal of serbian dictator slobodan milosevic to end sanctions .

Copyright Office is not required .
copyright office is not [] .

Even so , in the early '80s it built six god-awful `` super-ferries '' that required more than $ 5 million in corrective repairs .
even so , in the early '80s it built six god-awful `` super-ferries '' that [] more than $ 5 million in corrective repairs .

The message was an 8-to-1 decision this week throwing out a Georgia law that required political candidates to take a urine test .
the message was an 8-to-1 decision this week throwing out a georgia law that [] political candidates to take a urine test .

When this person attempted to wash up after providing the required sample , it turned out the tester had removed the handles from the faucets ( apparently to prevent the applicant from diluting the product ) .
when this person attempted to wash up after providing the [] sample , it turned out the tester had removed the handles from the faucets ( apparently to prevent the applicant from diluting the product ) .

Neighbors attribute decency to the killer next door because the standard of behavior required for being a good neighbor is so extremely low .
neighbors attribute decency to the killer next door because the standard of behavior [] for being a good neighbor is so extremely low .

He 's a founder who is much more a businessman than a technologist -- he does n't like to hear that , but it 's true -- so he gets to command the respect that founders command within companies , while also having the set of skills , rarely seen in founders , that are required to manage very big companies .
he 's a founder who is much more a businessman than a technologist -- he does n't like to hear that , but it 's true -- so he gets to command the respect that founders command within companies , while also having the set of skills , rarely seen in founders , that are [] to manage very big companies .

The story admits that the bombing may have required a difficult judgment call , asking , `` Just how certain does the government need to be before it uses force against a suspected terrorist group overseas ? ''
the story admits that the bombing may have [] a difficult judgment call , asking , `` just how certain does the government need to be before it uses force against a suspected terrorist group overseas ? ''

More important , it would know what each kind of disaster called for , and would either possess or have immediate access to the basic required equipment .
more important , it would know what each kind of disaster called for , and would either possess or have immediate access to the basic [] equipment .

The U.S. Constitution required Congress to pass similar copyright laws .
the u.s. constitution [] congress to pass similar copyright laws .

It had lost this record to the Netherlands in 1992 but had got it back again by getting 3,760 people inside a 2,696-meter dragon to dance for the minimum two minutes required for inclusion in the Guinness Book of World Records .
it had lost this record to the netherlands in 1992 but had got it back again by getting 3,760 people inside a 2,696-meter dragon to dance for the minimum two minutes [] for inclusion in the guinness book of world records .

The Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz led Thursday with an exclusive report saying that the latest draft of the U.S. peace initiative required that Israel stop expanding its West Bank settlements and `` refrain from demolishing 1800 [ Palestinian ] homes currently slated for demolition . ''
the israeli newspaper ha'aretz led thursday with an exclusive report saying that the latest draft of the u.s. peace initiative [] that israel stop expanding its west bank settlements and `` refrain from demolishing 1800 [ palestinian ] homes currently slated for demolition . ''

The long-term aim should be `` to get governments out of the airline business , other than to the extent required to ensure safety , essential infrastructure , and free competition . ''
the long-term aim should be `` to get governments out of the airline business , other than to the extent [] to ensure safety , essential infrastructure , and free competition . ''

In the case of the British mandatory government and Zionism the record should be clear to all and the verdict unambiguous : No apology is required . ''
in the case of the british mandatory government and zionism the record should be clear to all and the verdict unambiguous : no apology is [] . ''

Similarly , the Times editorial on the Nichols decision ably frames the puzzle : `` At first blush it seems contradictory to find that Mr. Nichols was guilty of conspiring in the bombing , a crime that seems to have required premeditation , but then not to find him guilty of first-degree , or premeditated , murder .
similarly , the times editorial on the nichols decision ably frames the puzzle : `` at first blush it seems contradictory to find that mr. nichols was guilty of conspiring in the bombing , a crime that seems to have [] premeditation , but then not to find him guilty of first-degree , or premeditated , murder .

Prior to yesterday , the paper explains , this rider was required because independent sellers could not be forced to charge the price in question .
prior to yesterday , the paper explains , this rider was [] because independent sellers could not be forced to charge the price in question .

The NYT piece on the day keeps it light , but the WP story keeps hitting current geopolitics , mentioning that as the ceremonies were unfolding , `` Saddam Hussein was again thumbing his nose at the United States , '' and quoting Clinton 's reference from the podium to `` the vigilance President Bush displayed in dealing with Iraq , [ which ] as we all know , is required again today . ''
the nyt piece on the day keeps it light , but the wp story keeps hitting current geopolitics , mentioning that as the ceremonies were unfolding , `` saddam hussein was again thumbing his nose at the united states , '' and quoting clinton 's reference from the podium to `` the vigilance president bush displayed in dealing with iraq , [ which ] as we all know , is [] again today . ''

Gore promised U.S. `` flexibility '' in arriving at a deal on such issues as how much constraint will be required of developing nations like China .
gore promised u.s. `` flexibility '' in arriving at a deal on such issues as how much constraint will be [] of developing nations like china .

Question : Is it sloppy writing or just paranoia that leads the WSJ to state that `` for years , '' Microsoft has required personal computer makers that license Windows 95 to also install Internet Explorer ?
question : is it sloppy writing or just paranoia that leads the wsj to state that `` for years , '' microsoft has [] personal computer makers that license windows 95 to also install internet explorer ?

Some explanation is required , because to the uninitiated , mergers mean less competition , not more .
some explanation is [] , because to the uninitiated , mergers mean less competition , not more .

Included was one to Anheuser-Busch whose `` Buy the Beer , Get the Gear '' campaign required drinking 27,000 bottles ( or cans ) of beer in six months to win a pool table .
included was one to anheuser-busch whose `` buy the beer , get the gear '' campaign [] drinking 27,000 bottles ( or cans ) of beer in six months to win a pool table .

Problem : Doctors are terrified ( and sometimes unwilling ) to prescribe it for fertile women , who , if on the drug , are required to be also on two forms of birth control .
problem : doctors are terrified ( and sometimes unwilling ) to prescribe it for fertile women , who , if on the drug , are [] to be also on two forms of birth control .

The U.S. would be required to cut emissions to 7 percent below 1990 levels .
the u.s. would be [] to cut emissions to 7 percent below 1990 levels .

The coverage is confusing , since , for example , the Washington Post says the meetings simply tabled until next year the issue of whether and how the world 's poorer nations would participate , and the New York Times says the industrial nations are required to reduce their emissions of the six main greenhouse gases to 5.2 percent below 1990 levels , while the Los Angeles Times says they 're bound to a 6.5 percent reduction .
the coverage is confusing , since , for example , the washington post says the meetings simply tabled until next year the issue of whether and how the world 's poorer nations would participate , and the new york times says the industrial nations are [] to reduce their emissions of the six main greenhouse gases to 5.2 percent below 1990 levels , while the los angeles times says they 're bound to a 6.5 percent reduction .

Chatterbox ( who has no opinion about whether these rumors are true , but would n't blame Mrs. Clinton if they were ) does n't see how Hillary Clinton can dine with Roger Altman ever again ; if she does , Chatterbox will be forced to conclude that she lacks even the small quantity of self-respect required to serve in the U.S. Senate .
chatterbox ( who has no opinion about whether these rumors are true , but would n't blame mrs. clinton if they were ) does n't see how hillary clinton can dine with roger altman ever again ; if she does , chatterbox will be forced to conclude that she lacks even the small quantity of self-respect [] to serve in the u.s. senate .

Under Bush 's proposal , states would be required to test their `` disadvantaged '' students on academic basics every year .
under bush 's proposal , states would be [] to test their `` disadvantaged '' students on academic basics every year .

One reason for this is that Madonna 's pregnancy during shooting required her Dior finery to mask her thickening midsection , whereas photos of Evita in the clothes show that her slimness and tiny waist -- maintained both by will and by deteriorating health -- were a strong focus of her visual appeal .
one reason for this is that madonna 's pregnancy during shooting [] her dior finery to mask her thickening midsection , whereas photos of evita in the clothes show that her slimness and tiny waist -- maintained both by will and by deteriorating health -- were a strong focus of her visual appeal .

On a tight budget , it required real effort to oppose the multicolored , tacky assumptions of ordinary life in those days .
on a tight budget , it [] real effort to oppose the multicolored , tacky assumptions of ordinary life in those days .

Some neat arrangement was required that would inhibit neither the tennis arm nor the Charleston .
some neat arrangement was [] that would inhibit neither the tennis arm nor the charleston .

Some women , such as Estee Lauder and Mary Kay Ash , made the strategic alliances with male financiers required to keep them afloat .
some women , such as estee lauder and mary kay ash , made the strategic alliances with male financiers [] to keep them afloat .

It would have required a minimum of effort , and would been useful to readers , for Kutler to have pointed out that `` [ first name unknown ] Pomerantz '' was probably Martin Peretz , now editor in chief of the New Republic -- and at the time a left-wing Harvard professor and generous McGovern donor .
it would have [] a minimum of effort , and would been useful to readers , for kutler to have pointed out that `` [ first name unknown ] pomerantz '' was probably martin peretz , now editor in chief of the new republic -- and at the time a left-wing harvard professor and generous mcgovern donor .

Bill , Bob , Al , and Jack are more visible in their smooth , dark envelopes than they are in the multicolored , bunchy stuff required for golf or hiking , picnics or beaches .
bill , bob , al , and jack are more visible in their smooth , dark envelopes than they are in the multicolored , bunchy stuff [] for golf or hiking , picnics or beaches .

High-level elegance , then epitomized by Cartier , manifestly required the effect that made Napoleon 's upstart court look imperial and legitimate .
high-level elegance , then epitomized by cartier , manifestly [] the effect that made napoleon 's upstart court look imperial and legitimate .

All this would have required was that its founding bureaucrats 1 ) make the product seem as innocuous as a museum exhibit and 2 ) block the election of Richard Nixon as president in 1968 .
all this would have [] was that its founding bureaucrats 1 ) make the product seem as innocuous as a museum exhibit and 2 ) block the election of richard nixon as president in 1968 .

Eleanor Clift ( The McLaughlin Group ) calls the explosions `` a giant finger to the U.S. '' U.s. sanctions , which are required by law , wo n't sway India from its path or stem nuclear proliferation .
eleanor clift ( the mclaughlin group ) calls the explosions `` a giant finger to the u.s. '' u.s. sanctions , which are [] by law , wo n't sway india from its path or stem nuclear proliferation .

The figure touted here would have required third-party verification in a political-campaign spot ; it is easily accepted in a spot that takes on an industry that has long been banned from running ads on television .
the figure touted here would have [] third-party verification in a political-campaign spot ; it is easily accepted in a spot that takes on an industry that has long been banned from running ads on television .

He complained that courses required for his degree had n't been offered during the time of his matriculation , forcing him to leave before earning the degree .
he complained that courses [] for his degree had n't been offered during the time of his matriculation , forcing him to leave before earning the degree .

Legally required to carry a disclaimer , the spot eventually identifies its sponsor : the National Association of Manufacturers , which believes that `` [ t ] ax relief ... [ is ] a good idea then ... a good idea now . ''
legally [] to carry a disclaimer , the spot eventually identifies its sponsor : the national association of manufacturers , which believes that `` [ t ] ax relief ... [ is ] a good idea then ... a good idea now . ''

Earth 's balance was thrown off , and a massive migration was required to regain planetary equanimity .
earth 's balance was thrown off , and a massive migration was [] to regain planetary equanimity .

Broadcasters are required to accept ads for candidates , but not for issues .
broadcasters are [] to accept ads for candidates , but not for issues .

DC just shelled out a fortune for a new MCI stadium downtown , and a new Redskins stadium , and every idiotic newsman and woman is required to nod knowingly when the sports guy makes some obscure reference to some impenetrable football play , and anyone like me who finds the entire exercise faintly ridiculous is regarded as unpatriotic and unmanly .
dc just shelled out a fortune for a new mci stadium downtown , and a new redskins stadium , and every idiotic newsman and woman is [] to nod knowingly when the sports guy makes some obscure reference to some impenetrable football play , and anyone like me who finds the entire exercise faintly ridiculous is regarded as unpatriotic and unmanly .

Fighters are required to wear thin martial arts gloves ( a purely cosmetic change ) .
fighters are [] to wear thin martial arts gloves ( a purely cosmetic change ) .

Of course we live in a country where religious belief is not merely tolerated , it is required of anyone seeking high office .
of course we live in a country where religious belief is not merely tolerated , it is [] of anyone seeking high office .

Both churches agreed on the doctrine of justification , declaring that salvation could be achieved by faith alone ; no good works required .
both churches agreed on the doctrine of justification , declaring that salvation could be achieved by faith alone ; no good works [] .

Note : Safety and Sports have been dropped from the list of merit badges required to become an Eagle Scout .
note : safety and sports have been dropped from the list of merit badges [] to become an eagle scout .

If Gore were to complain that Bradley 's plan required a tax increase , liberals would shrug and vote for Bradley .
if gore were to complain that bradley 's plan [] a tax increase , liberals would shrug and vote for bradley .

Both mags do the required soul-searching about the paparazzi , concluding that the public 's appetite for celebrity photos will overcome its revulsion for photographers ' methods .
both mags do the [] soul-searching about the paparazzi , concluding that the public 's appetite for celebrity photos will overcome its revulsion for photographers ' methods .

Both Mars cover stories dwell on the can-do practicality of NASA 's engineers : Pathfinder was built and launched for a fraction of the cost and in a fraction of the time required for earlier Mars missions .
both mars cover stories dwell on the can-do practicality of nasa 's engineers : pathfinder was built and launched for a fraction of the cost and in a fraction of the time [] for earlier mars missions .

The NYT and LAT leads , which focus on the Russian economy , meet this challenge with the sprinkling of additional Econ 101 information required : jacked-up rates of return encourage investors to hold on to their rubles rather than selling them for dollars .
the nyt and lat leads , which focus on the russian economy , meet this challenge with the sprinkling of additional econ 101 information [] : jacked-up rates of return encourage investors to hold on to their rubles rather than selling them for dollars .

If members are required to promise not to attack each other , as the number of non-member countries declines , the alliance 's military needs would diminish and hence so would its expenses .
if members are [] to promise not to attack each other , as the number of non-member countries declines , the alliance 's military needs would diminish and hence so would its expenses .

This is interesting , because in Clancy 's novels the U.S. invariably has all the answers , and its weapons perform as required .
this is interesting , because in clancy 's novels the u.s. invariably has all the answers , and its weapons perform as [] .

Shots of the Flatiron Building under construction are weirdly short on human passersby , implying that the growth required to fill the place is still a hopeful article of faith , not yet a practical reality .
shots of the flatiron building under construction are weirdly short on human passersby , implying that the growth [] to fill the place is still a hopeful article of faith , not yet a practical reality .

However , serving as the all-purpose lawyer required Isaacman to take a bullet that never actually hit him .
however , serving as the all-purpose lawyer [] isaacman to take a bullet that never actually hit him .

Jam as many into the dirt as possible , water them , and then secure them in a Ziploc bag before sending them off to the cold , dark place required for dormancy .
jam as many into the dirt as possible , water them , and then secure them in a ziploc bag before sending them off to the cold , dark place [] for dormancy .

You might have thought that the kind of secrecy required for such a massive market manipulation was impossible in the modern information age -- but Hamanaka pulled it off , partly by working through British intermediaries , but mainly through a covert alliance with Chinese firms ( some of them state-owned ) .
you might have thought that the kind of secrecy [] for such a massive market manipulation was impossible in the modern information age -- but hamanaka pulled it off , partly by working through british intermediaries , but mainly through a covert alliance with chinese firms ( some of them state-owned ) .

If we had tried to keep the price of gold from rising , this would have required a massive decline in the prices of practically everything else -- deflation on a scale not seen since the Depression .
if we had tried to keep the price of gold from rising , this would have [] a massive decline in the prices of practically everything else -- deflation on a scale not seen since the depression .

It is in the collective interest of boaters that each boat owner be required to pay a fee , to support a Coast Guard that provides those nonexcludable benefits .
it is in the collective interest of boaters that each boat owner be [] to pay a fee , to support a coast guard that provides those nonexcludable benefits .

If the required compensation and the capital you need to put up are n't too large , there may still be an opportunity for an exceptionally favorable trade-off between risk and return .
if the [] compensation and the capital you need to put up are n't too large , there may still be an opportunity for an exceptionally favorable trade-off between risk and return .

The age of business heroes was over : `` With the rise of the modern corporation , the emergence of the organization required by modern technology and planning and the divorce of the owner of capital from control of the enterprise , the entrepreneur no longer exists as an individual person in the mature industrial enterprise . ''
the age of business heroes was over : `` with the rise of the modern corporation , the emergence of the organization [] by modern technology and planning and the divorce of the owner of capital from control of the enterprise , the entrepreneur no longer exists as an individual person in the mature industrial enterprise . ''

Instead of just doing it , European nations agreed to a seven-year transition period during which they would be required to meet a complex set of criteria -- mainly to reduce their budget deficits while keeping their currencies strong .
instead of just doing it , european nations agreed to a seven-year transition period during which they would be [] to meet a complex set of criteria -- mainly to reduce their budget deficits while keeping their currencies strong .

The Maastricht Treaty ( the blueprint for European currency union ) ensured that the budget-cutting it required would be all pain and no gain .
the maastricht treaty ( the blueprint for european currency union ) ensured that the budget-cutting it [] would be all pain and no gain .

The only department not granted this flexibility is the Pentagon , which is required to distribute the reduction proportionally among operations , procurement , and research programs .
the only department not granted this flexibility is the pentagon , which is [] to distribute the reduction proportionally among operations , procurement , and research programs .

It has prevented beneficiaries from being required to change their religion or name .
it has prevented beneficiaries from being [] to change their religion or name .

The WP reports inside that in the year since the federal government required background checks on people trying to pawn guns , the gun inventory of the nation 's pawn shops has fallen from 10 million to 3 million .
the wp reports inside that in the year since the federal government [] background checks on people trying to pawn guns , the gun inventory of the nation 's pawn shops has fallen from 10 million to 3 million .

Den of Thieves required even more intelligence work , as well as author James B. Stewart 's master touch at cutting through the multimillion-dollar public-relations campaign -- still ongoing -- that tried to make Michael Milken look like Albert Schweitzer pursued recklessly by jackbooted government thugs .
den of thieves [] even more intelligence work , as well as author james b. stewart 's master touch at cutting through the multimillion-dollar public-relations campaign -- still ongoing -- that tried to make michael milken look like albert schweitzer pursued recklessly by jackbooted government thugs .

You could imagine , for example , Edith Wharton writing of Boothe , as she did of Lily Bart , that to Miss Boothe , `` acquiescence in dinginess was evidence of stupidity ; and there were moments when , in the consciousness of her own power to look and be so exactly what the occasion required , she almost felt that other girls were plain or inferior from choice . ''
you could imagine , for example , edith wharton writing of boothe , as she did of lily bart , that to miss boothe , `` acquiescence in dinginess was evidence of stupidity ; and there were moments when , in the consciousness of her own power to look and be so exactly what the occasion [] , she almost felt that other girls were plain or inferior from choice . ''

Because while the dandy stands for beauty and elegance , he also stands for the restraint and self-discipline required to appear refined at all times .
because while the dandy stands for beauty and elegance , he also stands for the restraint and self-discipline [] to appear refined at all times .

There are also some scattered minihistories of female desire among Taoists and among the Zunis of New Mexico , which are provocative ( a 19 th -century Zuni ceremony celebrating the superiority of the vulva required men to don huge wooden penises ) but feel as if they were cribbed in a 45-minute visit to the library .
there are also some scattered minihistories of female desire among taoists and among the zunis of new mexico , which are provocative ( a 19 th -century zuni ceremony celebrating the superiority of the vulva [] men to don huge wooden penises ) but feel as if they were cribbed in a 45-minute visit to the library .

By retracing the steps that culminated in Joe 's good fortune -- the printing of the fateful ticket , Joe 's purchase of it at his local liquor store , the selection of that number by Lotto officials -- Dawkins demonstrates that each conforms to well-understood principles of physics , biology , and social science ; no miracles were required .
by retracing the steps that culminated in joe 's good fortune -- the printing of the fateful ticket , joe 's purchase of it at his local liquor store , the selection of that number by lotto officials -- dawkins demonstrates that each conforms to well-understood principles of physics , biology , and social science ; no miracles were [] .

Perhaps the New York art world , in which Kusama ran aground , required such a tough-guy mentality to survive .
perhaps the new york art world , in which kusama ran aground , [] such a tough-guy mentality to survive .

The boxes and the collages are monuments to abstract affairs with flesh-and-blood women whom Cornell 's psychology required him to flatten into paper effigies so that his imagination could go to work .
the boxes and the collages are monuments to abstract affairs with flesh-and-blood women whom cornell 's psychology [] him to flatten into paper effigies so that his imagination could go to work .

The paper points out some facts of the tragedy that are typical : an older building not required to have sprinkler systems and a lulling frequency of false fire alarms .
the paper points out some facts of the tragedy that are typical : an older building not [] to have sprinkler systems and a lulling frequency of false fire alarms .

Completion of such a course might be required , say , before a young man is granted a driver 's license .
completion of such a course might be [] , say , before a young man is granted a driver 's license .

The main reason given by the paper is that liposuction is mostly performed in doctors ' offices , where the procedures are n't required to be so strict .
the main reason given by the paper is that liposuction is mostly performed in doctors ' offices , where the procedures are n't [] to be so strict .

I was lucky in Godzilla , all my scenes were with people -- no blue screen required .
i was lucky in godzilla , all my scenes were with people -- no blue screen [] .

That is : Rosen 's writing and thinking betrays almost no familiarity with what is actually required to produce good journalism .
that is : rosen 's writing and thinking betrays almost no familiarity with what is actually [] to produce good journalism .

To its credit , the Daily News sued , and only under court order did the administration provide the information as it was legally required to provide .
to its credit , the daily news sued , and only under court order did the administration provide the information as it was legally [] to provide .

If you want to figure the present value of a stock -- which is to say , how much it 's worth today given how much free cash flow the company is going to generate in the future -- you need to discount that cash flow by your required annual rate of return .
if you want to figure the present value of a stock -- which is to say , how much it 's worth today given how much free cash flow the company is going to generate in the future -- you need to discount that cash flow by your [] annual rate of return .

The SAT , required for admission by most colleges , will convert in 2003 , at least in urban areas .
the sat , [] for admission by most colleges , will convert in 2003 , at least in urban areas .

The average age of the patients was 43 , and five required valve-replacement surgery .
the average age of the patients was 43 , and five [] valve-replacement surgery .

In 1990 , Congress required Medicaid to phase in coverage of all children below the poverty line , along with a hodgepodge of other kids , by 2002 .
in 1990 , congress [] medicaid to phase in coverage of all children below the poverty line , along with a hodgepodge of other kids , by 2002 .

American workers now pull more overtime than they did in the 1980s , and more companies have embraced required overtime as a way of ensuring that work gets done .
american workers now pull more overtime than they did in the 1980s , and more companies have embraced [] overtime as a way of ensuring that work gets done .

In some cases , with the auto industry being the best example , commoditization has been fended off by the enormous capital investment required to enter the business .
in some cases , with the auto industry being the best example , commoditization has been fended off by the enormous capital investment [] to enter the business .

A 1994 study by the Association of American Medical Colleges found that only 23 of the nation 's 125 medical schools required vivisection in physiology courses and just eight required it on surgery rotations .
a 1994 study by the association of american medical colleges found that only 23 of the nation 's 125 medical schools [] vivisection in physiology courses and just eight [] it on surgery rotations .

Students who object to animal experimentation should be allowed to decline , but be required to spend extra time with Stan and his friends .
students who object to animal experimentation should be allowed to decline , but be [] to spend extra time with stan and his friends .

If this service is a required activity , how can it be voluntary ?
if this service is a [] activity , how can it be voluntary ?

For Windows , that amounts to a DOS layer ( the minimum required for complete , if not pretty , control ) , about 400k of object code on disk .
for windows , that amounts to a dos layer ( the minimum [] for complete , if not pretty , control ) , about 400k of object code on disk .

Suppose also that any creditor who is offered 100 percent of his claim ( by a consensus among the others ) is required to accept it and leave the room .
suppose also that any creditor who is offered 100 percent of his claim ( by a consensus among the others ) is [] to accept it and leave the room .

Her comments left the impression that the cases involved life-threatening assaults , but the study defines `` serious '' cases as any in which the child suffered `` long-term impairment of physical , mental , or emotional capacities , or required professional treatment aimed at preventing such long-term impairment . ''
her comments left the impression that the cases involved life-threatening assaults , but the study defines `` serious '' cases as any in which the child suffered `` long-term impairment of physical , mental , or emotional capacities , or [] professional treatment aimed at preventing such long-term impairment . ''

Radical action would be required if Shalala 's figures were even roughly correct .
radical action would be [] if shalala 's figures were even roughly correct .

Thus , if the average American pays $ 10,000 in taxes some year , no American could be required to pay more than $ 50,000 that year .
thus , if the average american pays $ 10,000 in taxes some year , no american could be [] to pay more than $ 50,000 that year .

I assumed at first that this was some variant of the `` principal business or professional activity code '' that free-lancers are required to enter on federal Schedule C ( where you report `` business profits '' ) .
i assumed at first that this was some variant of the `` principal business or professional activity code '' that free-lancers are [] to enter on federal schedule c ( where you report `` business profits '' ) .

If they have rights , then surely we are required to help some of them escape .
if they have rights , then surely we are [] to help some of them escape .

In other sessions , they were required to confess their own biases and were shown videos from the Oprah Winfrey Racism Series .
in other sessions , they were [] to confess their own biases and were shown videos from the oprah winfrey racism series .

By contrast , if divorce required mutual consent , your spouse could accept your efforts to make him or her happy without feeling a strong need to reciprocate .
by contrast , if divorce [] mutual consent , your spouse could accept your efforts to make him or her happy without feeling a strong need to reciprocate .

It required a plug-in that Chatterbox did n't have on his desktop , and he lost patience .
it [] a plug-in that chatterbox did n't have on his desktop , and he lost patience .

For example , the piece describes how Barton used the extra-risky practice of trading `` on margin , '' or borrowing funds against the securities he already owned , which he was required to back up with additional funds when the value of those securities dropped .
for example , the piece describes how barton used the extra-risky practice of trading `` on margin , '' or borrowing funds against the securities he already owned , which he was [] to back up with additional funds when the value of those securities dropped .

Jodi , surely you will agree with me that temperament alone ( not to mention his future vote to re-elect Trent Lott as Senate majority leader ) makes Giuliani cosmically ill-suited to serve in a legislative body , especially since he would be required to work and play well with others .
jodi , surely you will agree with me that temperament alone ( not to mention his future vote to re-elect trent lott as senate majority leader ) makes giuliani cosmically ill-suited to serve in a legislative body , especially since he would be [] to work and play well with others .

The lead editorial at the LAT reminds that it 's been almost six years since Newt Gingrich promised to post all congressional proceedings on the Internet and almost four since the passage of the Electronic Freedom of Information Act , which required all federal agencies to grant Americans prompt access to relevant information in their databases .
the lead editorial at the lat reminds that it 's been almost six years since newt gingrich promised to post all congressional proceedings on the internet and almost four since the passage of the electronic freedom of information act , which [] all federal agencies to grant americans prompt access to relevant information in their databases .

On the plus side , no lethal injection was required .
on the plus side , no lethal injection was [] .

The unanimous ruling held that `` the state is constitutionally required to extend to same-sex couples the common benefits and protections that flow from marriage under Vermont law . ''
the unanimous ruling held that `` the state is constitutionally [] to extend to same-sex couples the common benefits and protections that flow from marriage under vermont law . ''

The unanimous ruling held that `` the state is constitutionally required to extend to same-sex couples the common benefits and protections that flow from marriage under Vermont law . ''
the unanimous ruling held that `` the state is constitutionally [] to extend to same-sex couples the common benefits and protections that flow from marriage under vermont law . ''

If the settlement goes ahead , Syria `` will be required within months to present the Syrian public with new facts completely contrary to the ideology preached to them for decades , '' it said .
if the settlement goes ahead , syria `` will be [] within months to present the syrian public with new facts completely contrary to the ideology preached to them for decades , '' it said .

In Israel , Ha'aretz reported prominently Monday that students studying criminology at Bar-Ilan University were being required to read a textbook describing homosexuals as `` criminals . ''
in israel , ha'aretz reported prominently monday that students studying criminology at bar-ilan university were being [] to read a textbook describing homosexuals as `` criminals . ''

The book was listed as required reading for two courses , Criminology and Introduction to Psychopathology , the paper said .
the book was listed as [] reading for two courses , criminology and introduction to psychopathology , the paper said .

This multimedia exhibit on Nabokov on the New York Times ' Web site includes recordings of him reading his work and a series of photos [ free registration required ] . )
this multimedia exhibit on nabokov on the new york times ' web site includes recordings of him reading his work and a series of photos [ free registration [] ] . )

After Reps. Charles Canaday of Florida and John Coyners of Michigan criticized the Watts substitute ( which failed to get the two-thirds vote required for passage ) , Watts answered them from the floor :
after reps. charles canaday of florida and john coyners of michigan criticized the watts substitute ( which failed to get the two-thirds vote [] for passage ) , watts answered them from the floor :

He succeeded , declaring at every stage that vast resources of courage and imagination were required to make this point .
he succeeded , declaring at every stage that vast resources of courage and imagination were [] to make this point .

How many military actions would that have required in , say , the past 10 years ( before Kosovo ) ?
how many military actions would that have [] in , say , the past 10 years ( before kosovo ) ?

In a March 25-26 Newsweek poll , while only 53 percent then approved of the airstrikes , 60 percent agreed ground forces would be required to persuade Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic to back down .
in a march 25-26 newsweek poll , while only 53 percent then approved of the airstrikes , 60 percent agreed ground forces would be [] to persuade yugoslav president slobodan milosevic to back down .

After killing a Democratic measure that would have required background checks on all customers at gun shows , they proposed a similar measure .
after killing a democratic measure that would have [] background checks on all customers at gun shows , they proposed a similar measure .

M*A*S*H -- at least the TV version -- offered a pseudo-anti-war stance while enjoying frat boy high jinks : I believe their contract with CBS required that in every third episode the entire camp would see Loretta Swit in the shower and then Alan Alda would wring his hands sensitively .
m*a*s*h -- at least the tv version -- offered a pseudo-anti-war stance while enjoying frat boy high jinks : i believe their contract with cbs [] that in every third episode the entire camp would see loretta swit in the shower and then alan alda would wring his hands sensitively .

One can want a particular practice to be rare just because it is painful , even if it is morally required ( and not just permissible ) .
one can want a particular practice to be rare just because it is painful , even if it is morally [] ( and not just permissible ) .

The university administration wants to reduce the number of required courses in the humanities , sciences , and social sciences from 21 to 15 and to remove a longstanding foreign language requirement .
the university administration wants to reduce the number of [] courses in the humanities , sciences , and social sciences from 21 to 15 and to remove a longstanding foreign language requirement .

The broader goals of the Cold War required the United States to make common cause with oppressive governments .
the broader goals of the cold war [] the united states to make common cause with oppressive governments .

In this sense , the old Hays Office production code , which required that films teach a moral lesson by having evildoers punished , had it backward .
in this sense , the old hays office production code , which [] that films teach a moral lesson by having evildoers punished , had it backward .

In this way , current civil rights legislation requires that : 1 ) my freedom is impaired ; and 2 ) I am required to treat men and women differently .
in this way , current civil rights legislation requires that : 1 ) my freedom is impaired ; and 2 ) i am [] to treat men and women differently .

In other British press editorials Wednesday , the conservative Daily Mail said that `` public opinion is swinging in favor of an invasion '' and that `` the launch of a ground offensive seems likelier every day '' ; the Times `` that it may take ground troops , backed by massive air power , to drive them [ the Serbian forces ] out of Kosovo '' ; the Daily Telegraph that Bill Clinton and Tony Blair should rapidly sanction `` the Nato ground offensive that would be required to bring Serbia to heel '' ; and the Guardian that the West was sending a signal to Belgrade `` that ground action is becoming an available option for Nato , should the air campaign bring no acceptable result , but that an opportunity remains for settlement before a decision on ground action is made . ''
in other british press editorials wednesday , the conservative daily mail said that `` public opinion is swinging in favor of an invasion '' and that `` the launch of a ground offensive seems likelier every day '' ; the times `` that it may take ground troops , backed by massive air power , to drive them [ the serbian forces ] out of kosovo '' ; the daily telegraph that bill clinton and tony blair should rapidly sanction `` the nato ground offensive that would be [] to bring serbia to heel '' ; and the guardian that the west was sending a signal to belgrade `` that ground action is becoming an available option for nato , should the air campaign bring no acceptable result , but that an opportunity remains for settlement before a decision on ground action is made . ''

The `` core '' curriculum will now constitute 15 courses plus a year of foreign language , of the 42 required for graduation .
the `` core '' curriculum will now constitute 15 courses plus a year of foreign language , of the 42 [] for graduation .

This is three fewer than the 21 required since the latest curriculum revision in 1984 , but it also means students will take three more courses in their concentration ( s ) ( or major ) or in other areas .
this is three fewer than the 21 [] since the latest curriculum revision in 1984 , but it also means students will take three more courses in their concentration ( s ) ( or major ) or in other areas .

The regs would have required that banks determine customers ' sources of funds , create client profiles based on transaction patterns , monitor accounts for deviations , investigate irregularities , and report unexplained activities to federal authorities .
the regs would have [] that banks determine customers ' sources of funds , create client profiles based on transaction patterns , monitor accounts for deviations , investigate irregularities , and report unexplained activities to federal authorities .

One of the Fed 's KYC innovations would have required banks to develop programs to verify the identities of new customers .
one of the fed 's kyc innovations would have [] banks to develop programs to verify the identities of new customers .

The report notes that the school 's tenure rate for women has stagnated at 8 percent for two decades ( the national average is 26 percent ) and that women faculty were required to raise twice as much money in outside grants as men .
the report notes that the school 's tenure rate for women has stagnated at 8 percent for two decades ( the national average is 26 percent ) and that women faculty were [] to raise twice as much money in outside grants as men .

Self-satisfaction was required to prove this , as my wife has chosen not to participate .
self-satisfaction was [] to prove this , as my wife has chosen not to participate .

Whether a face-to-face encounter is required for a breakup depends on the reason for the breakup .
whether a face-to-face encounter is [] for a breakup depends on the reason for the breakup .

If A splits from B because B has been obviously offensive and fraudulent , the courtesy of a face-to-face explanation is not required .
if a splits from b because b has been obviously offensive and fraudulent , the courtesy of a face-to-face explanation is not [] .

Word-of-mouth or good reviews do n't generate the dramatic concentrated sales required .
word-of-mouth or good reviews do n't generate the dramatic concentrated sales [] .

One , the 1867 Tenure of Office Act , prohibited presidents from firing their own Cabinet members ; another required that Johnson deliver all his military orders via Gen. Ulysses S. Grant .
one , the 1867 tenure of office act , prohibited presidents from firing their own cabinet members ; another [] that johnson deliver all his military orders via gen. ulysses s. grant .

Impeachment fell one vote short of the required two-thirds of the Senate , though other Republicans would have supported Johnson if necessary .
impeachment fell one vote short of the [] two-thirds of the senate , though other republicans would have supported johnson if necessary .

The export of satellites to any country has always required government approval . )
the export of satellites to any country has always [] government approval . )

Customers who want to switch phone companies must be able to keep their old phone numbers and ca n't be required to dial extra access codes .
customers who want to switch phone companies must be able to keep their old phone numbers and ca n't be [] to dial extra access codes .

Class III operations -- casinos and the like -- required that the tribe enter an agreement , or `` compact , '' with the state .
class iii operations -- casinos and the like -- [] that the tribe enter an agreement , or `` compact , '' with the state .

The good news about the near future will be bad news for the long run if it leads the president and Congress to put forward a plausible balanced-budget plan without beginning the dramatic Medicare , Medicaid , and Social Security reforms that are required to avoid an economic catastrophe soon after 2010 , when baby boomers will retire .
the good news about the near future will be bad news for the long run if it leads the president and congress to put forward a plausible balanced-budget plan without beginning the dramatic medicare , medicaid , and social security reforms that are [] to avoid an economic catastrophe soon after 2010 , when baby boomers will retire .

Similarly , in Japan the unwritten martial code , Bushido , required warriors to treat their enemies with honor , even providing prisoners of war with medical care .
similarly , in japan the unwritten martial code , bushido , [] warriors to treat their enemies with honor , even providing prisoners of war with medical care .

Some of the most important legal consequences of marriage involve getting out of it ( even though it is true that one spouse generally can not be required to testify against the other in court as long as they 're still married ) .
some of the most important legal consequences of marriage involve getting out of it ( even though it is true that one spouse generally can not be [] to testify against the other in court as long as they 're still married ) .

These resignations were legally required under the rules of the pre-'93 Hatch Act , which no longer apply .
these resignations were legally [] under the rules of the pre-'93 hatch act , which no longer apply .

A White House database may have been used by Democratic Party fund-raisers without reimbursement to the government as required .
a white house database may have been used by democratic party fund-raisers without reimbursement to the government as [] .

The ethical issue , even here , is not whether the lawyer is allowed to participate in the client 's lie but whether he is actually required to do so .
the ethical issue , even here , is not whether the lawyer is allowed to participate in the client 's lie but whether he is actually [] to do so .

Nor are they required to announce themselves before entering private property , as police officers must .
nor are they [] to announce themselves before entering private property , as police officers must .

In the 13 th century , courts commonly required custodians to serve defendants ' punishments in their stead when their wards skipped , even if this meant standing in for a hanging .
in the 13 th century , courts commonly [] custodians to serve defendants ' punishments in their stead when their wards skipped , even if this meant standing in for a hanging .

Until 1995 , DNA tests required fresh samples from very specific body parts -- e.g. , strands of hair that include roots -- that tend to decay quickly .
until 1995 , dna tests [] fresh samples from very specific body parts -- e.g. , strands of hair that include roots -- that tend to decay quickly .

The difference : Where old DNA tests required a sample from the nucleus of a cell , the new tests work off sturdier mitochondria -- the energy-producing material that surrounds a nucleus .
the difference : where old dna tests [] a sample from the nucleus of a cell , the new tests work off sturdier mitochondria -- the energy-producing material that surrounds a nucleus .

Many who think that affirmative action should n't be required by law favor it as a voluntary policy .
many who think that affirmative action should n't be [] by law favor it as a voluntary policy .

Of course , you can still sign up for the last few weeks of free e-mail delivery of Slate on Paper or Today 's Papers , and you can still register free ( required for posting in `` The Fray '' and some other Slate features ) .
of course , you can still sign up for the last few weeks of free e-mail delivery of slate on paper or today 's papers , and you can still register free ( [] for posting in `` the fray '' and some other slate features ) .

Indeed , they are required to have , or to pretend to have , a passionate and fully informed viewpoint on every subject that comes along .
indeed , they are [] to have , or to pretend to have , a passionate and fully informed viewpoint on every subject that comes along .

Arriving with many bags that required anxious waiting , lugging , and shoving , I found myself wishing that modern clothing habits were a bit more Homeric .
arriving with many bags that [] anxious waiting , lugging , and shoving , i found myself wishing that modern clothing habits were a bit more homeric .

Long skirts , like long hair , had been required for women by religious law and general custom since time immemorial .
long skirts , like long hair , had been [] for women by religious law and general custom since time immemorial .

Though many girls still wear their skirts very , very short , novelty has lately required increasing their length , not their brevity -- and many new long skirts are resembling South Sea wraparounds , often gauzy , to suggest more exotic freedoms , newer ways for longer skirts to seduce .
though many girls still wear their skirts very , very short , novelty has lately [] increasing their length , not their brevity -- and many new long skirts are resembling south sea wraparounds , often gauzy , to suggest more exotic freedoms , newer ways for longer skirts to seduce .

Islamic women were then simply following standard ancient-world custom , which required that the head be veiled when the woman was outdoors and that the body never be exposed except in private .
islamic women were then simply following standard ancient-world custom , which [] that the head be veiled when the woman was outdoors and that the body never be exposed except in private .

Finkelstein handily refutes Goldhagen 's claim that German anti-Semitism is all that 's required to explain the Holocaust .
finkelstein handily refutes goldhagen 's claim that german anti-semitism is all that 's [] to explain the holocaust .

Both the WP and the NYT report that as a result of the NYC brutality scandal , all 38,000 of the city 's cops will be required over the next six months to spend three or four hours meeting with community critics to discuss police behavior .
both the wp and the nyt report that as a result of the nyc brutality scandal , all 38,000 of the city 's cops will be [] over the next six months to spend three or four hours meeting with community critics to discuss police behavior .

A constitutional convention , she argues , would be required to enact an amendment , and it would give pro-choicers the chance to push through their own amendment protecting abortion .
a constitutional convention , she argues , would be [] to enact an amendment , and it would give pro-choicers the chance to push through their own amendment protecting abortion .

She made a great number of friends , from village women to guerrilla leaders , multiplying the number of `` foreign contacts '' she faithfully reported on the security form required of all CIA applicants .
she made a great number of friends , from village women to guerrilla leaders , multiplying the number of `` foreign contacts '' she faithfully reported on the security form [] of all cia applicants .

All athletes are required to pass physicals to ensure that they do not place themselves or other participants at risk .
all athletes are [] to pass physicals to ensure that they do not place themselves or other participants at risk .

The amount was proffered as a challenge gift , and the donor has required the university to seek additional donations to match the original figure .
the amount was proffered as a challenge gift , and the donor has [] the university to seek additional donations to match the original figure .

The euro plan allows them to blame foreign interests for required reductions .
the euro plan allows them to blame foreign interests for [] reductions .

George Pataki , starting next fall , high school students in his state will be legally required to study the Irish potato famine .
george pataki , starting next fall , high school students in his state will be legally [] to study the irish potato famine .

Its securities are required to say in so many words that they are not backed by the full faith and credit of the United States government .
its securities are [] to say in so many words that they are not backed by the full faith and credit of the united states government .

Many people felt a sense of liberation ; the changes allowed them to get out of unpleasant marriages without the often contrived allegations of fault previously required for divorce .
many people felt a sense of liberation ; the changes allowed them to get out of unpleasant marriages without the often contrived allegations of fault previously [] for divorce .

The allergy impedes the careers of medical professionals because latex gloves are required by many hospitals and medical offices .
the allergy impedes the careers of medical professionals because latex gloves are [] by many hospitals and medical offices .

Shooman says American commercial airplane manufacturers are aware of the problem , but consider the cost of correcting it prohibitive-especially if their European competitors are n't required to follow suit .
shooman says american commercial airplane manufacturers are aware of the problem , but consider the cost of correcting it prohibitive-especially if their european competitors are n't [] to follow suit .

The NYT , citing unnamed senators as sources , says that in closed session ( the result of a sunshine motion missing the required two-thirds by eight votes ) , senators spoke one at a time for or against the two impeachment articles .
the nyt , citing unnamed senators as sources , says that in closed session ( the result of a sunshine motion missing the [] two-thirds by eight votes ) , senators spoke one at a time for or against the two impeachment articles .

The report admits that the IMF was slow to see the extent of the banking overhaul required , but also notes that very few others saw things more clearly .
the report admits that the imf was slow to see the extent of the banking overhaul [] , but also notes that very few others saw things more clearly .

As the papers explain , although actual euro notes and coins will not circulate until Jan. 1 , 2002 ( at which time national currencies will begin phasing out ) , the banks and stock exchanges of the 11 partners are henceforth required to carry out all non-cash transactions in euros .
as the papers explain , although actual euro notes and coins will not circulate until jan. 1 , 2002 ( at which time national currencies will begin phasing out ) , the banks and stock exchanges of the 11 partners are henceforth [] to carry out all non-cash transactions in euros .

Former Clinton ( and Carter ) White House counsel and official Washington `` Wise Man '' Lloyd Cutler , who 's not exactly known for pegging the old wacky meter , cuts loose on the NYT op-ed page by envisioning what 's next in Washington : a legally required annual form to be filled out by all elected and appointed officials in which they document all their sexual activity for the previous year .
former clinton ( and carter ) white house counsel and official washington `` wise man '' lloyd cutler , who 's not exactly known for pegging the old wacky meter , cuts loose on the nyt op-ed page by envisioning what 's next in washington : a legally [] annual form to be filled out by all elected and appointed officials in which they document all their sexual activity for the previous year .

Is the mere presence of Iraqi aircraft in the `` no-fly '' zone considered justification or is some further more conventionally understood provocative act required ?
is the mere presence of iraqi aircraft in the `` no-fly '' zone considered justification or is some further more conventionally understood provocative act [] ?

That 's because there do n't appear to be the 67 votes required to suspend the rules , a point that the WP and NYT also cover in additional front-page stories .
that 's because there do n't appear to be the 67 votes [] to suspend the rules , a point that the wp and nyt also cover in additional front-page stories .

Although the Senate voted 56 to 43 to consider the motion denouncing Clinton 's `` shameful , reckless and indefensible '' conduct , pro-censure Senators fell short of the two-thirds required .
although the senate voted 56 to 43 to consider the motion denouncing clinton 's `` shameful , reckless and indefensible '' conduct , pro-censure senators fell short of the two-thirds [] .

The Times points out , however , that many states are not meeting the law 's required percentage of working two-parent welfare families and that the government statistics do not show whether welfare workers have found good jobs .
the times points out , however , that many states are not meeting the law 's [] percentage of working two-parent welfare families and that the government statistics do not show whether welfare workers have found good jobs .

USA Today , the Washington Post and Los Angeles Times lead with yesterday 's Supreme Court decision saying schools must provide whatever nursing care is required to enable students with physical `` special needs '' -- such as those in wheelchairs or on ventilators -- to attend mainstream classes .
usa today , the washington post and los angeles times lead with yesterday 's supreme court decision saying schools must provide whatever nursing care is [] to enable students with physical `` special needs '' -- such as those in wheelchairs or on ventilators -- to attend mainstream classes .

Usat reports that although post-Titanic , cruise ships are required to carry enough lifeboats to save all those aboard , this is not true of commuter ferries , dinner-cruise boats , gambling ships , whale-watching ships or airport shuttles , which usually do not .
usat reports that although post-titanic , cruise ships are [] to carry enough lifeboats to save all those aboard , this is not true of commuter ferries , dinner-cruise boats , gambling ships , whale-watching ships or airport shuttles , which usually do not .

The eleven euro countries were required to cut government spending and raise taxes , and Britain was n't , with the result that U.K. interest rates are very high .
the eleven euro countries were [] to cut government spending and raise taxes , and britain was n't , with the result that u.k. interest rates are very high .

It is n't clear , says the paper , that Japanese politicians have the political will required to implement the new law , nor that the U.S. can do much more to influence the country 's decision making .
it is n't clear , says the paper , that japanese politicians have the political will [] to implement the new law , nor that the u.s. can do much more to influence the country 's decision making .

Among the national security oversights cited by the LAT : Pentagon monitors were not required to be present at seven of 12 most recent satellite launches in China ; and monitors at five launches did not attend prelaunch meetings between U.S. and Chinese teams .
among the national security oversights cited by the lat : pentagon monitors were not [] to be present at seven of 12 most recent satellite launches in china ; and monitors at five launches did not attend prelaunch meetings between u.s. and chinese teams .

Everybody reports that the airline America West has agreed to pay the FAA a fine of at least $ 2.5 million , the highest ever assessed against an air carrier , because of maintenance lapses the agency alleges , including continuing to fly 17 airplanes for two years and 41,000 flights past the time when detailed inspections of the cargo-door and crew areas were required .
everybody reports that the airline america west has agreed to pay the faa a fine of at least $ 2.5 million , the highest ever assessed against an air carrier , because of maintenance lapses the agency alleges , including continuing to fly 17 airplanes for two years and 41,000 flights past the time when detailed inspections of the cargo-door and crew areas were [] .

The NYT leads with the ruling by a federal appeals court undoing a previous lower court order that had required Microsoft to make Windows 95 available separate from its Internet Explorer browser .
the nyt leads with the ruling by a federal appeals court undoing a previous lower court order that had [] microsoft to make windows 95 available separate from its internet explorer browser .

The USAT off-lead reports that the IRS reform bill moving towards passage in both houses of Congress now includes a provision lowering from 18 months to just one year the holding period required to enjoy a drop in the tax on investment profits from a top rate of 28 percent down to a 20 percent .
the usat off-lead reports that the irs reform bill moving towards passage in both houses of congress now includes a provision lowering from 18 months to just one year the holding period [] to enjoy a drop in the tax on investment profits from a top rate of 28 percent down to a 20 percent .

The veto has already been overridden by the House , the GOP hopes to pick up the required three Senate seats in November .
the veto has already been overridden by the house , the gop hopes to pick up the [] three senate seats in november .

It effectively overturns an FDA plan that required anyone under 26 to show identification before buying cigarettes , banned cigarette vending machines from most public places , and kept tobacco billboards away from schools .
it effectively overturns an fda plan that [] anyone under 26 to show identification before buying cigarettes , banned cigarette vending machines from most public places , and kept tobacco billboards away from schools .

Both have the tacked-on provision shortening the holding period required for the optimal tax treatment of capital gains ( although only USAT mentions that this will cost $ 13 billion over the next decade . )
both have the tacked-on provision shortening the holding period [] for the optimal tax treatment of capital gains ( although only usat mentions that this will cost $ 13 billion over the next decade . )

For instance , the NYT reports that when Clinton suggested that the grand jurors themselves wielded a definition of sex , that like his , required sexual intercourse , some of the jurors sent back word that no , they wanted him to address more specifically what he and Lewinsky did , but Clinton politely refused .
for instance , the nyt reports that when clinton suggested that the grand jurors themselves wielded a definition of sex , that like his , [] sexual intercourse , some of the jurors sent back word that no , they wanted him to address more specifically what he and lewinsky did , but clinton politely refused .

In conjunction with Clinton 's attempt to fine-tune the notion of sexual relations so that it required intercourse , the WP helpfully notes that in a recent Time-CNN poll , 87 percent of the respondents said they consider oral sex sex .
in conjunction with clinton 's attempt to fine-tune the notion of sexual relations so that it [] intercourse , the wp helpfully notes that in a recent time-cnn poll , 87 percent of the respondents said they consider oral sex sex .

USAT and the LAT go with President Clinton 's comments Wednesday at his first post-Report press conference that he still has the moral authority required to remain in office .
usat and the lat go with president clinton 's comments wednesday at his first post-report press conference that he still has the moral authority [] to remain in office .

Similar thickness of skin may be required by a friend 's accountant , who is a Crook , and physicians called Blood and Coffin .
similar thickness of skin may be [] by a friend 's accountant , who is a crook , and physicians called blood and coffin .

It is widely acknowledged that complaints about missing items in the range of dictionaries required by advanced learners and users of foreign languages are justified to a very considerable extent .
it is widely acknowledged that complaints about missing items in the range of dictionaries [] by advanced learners and users of foreign languages are justified to a very considerable extent .

The business of allocating land within the limits of location required land agents , a Land Board , Land Commissioner , land fund , land orders , and led ( as early as 1809 ) to land-jobbing and speculation by land-jobbers and land-sharks .
the business of allocating land within the limits of location [] land agents , a land board , land commissioner , land fund , land orders , and led ( as early as 1809 ) to land-jobbing and speculation by land-jobbers and land-sharks .

As to mutton bird , tastes vary : it may have required as W.H .
as to mutton bird , tastes vary : it may have [] as w.h .

Classical Hebrew dispenses with some parts of speech that are necessary in English , so , in the 17th century , King James 's learned men to the number of four and fifty simply added those that were required to make sense of the translation , printing them in italics .
classical hebrew dispenses with some parts of speech that are necessary in english , so , in the 17th century , king james 's learned men to the number of four and fifty simply added those that were [] to make sense of the translation , printing them in italics .

The author does not appear to have reached serious conclusions : at the end of the book , in a short section titled Conclusion , she offers some useful observations about expressions of humor and about the difficulties encountered by a teacher of English as a foreign language in trying to impart to students the linguistic skills required to understand English literature ; but these observations can scarcely be termed conclusions , for no coherent theory has actually been set forth in the book .
the author does not appear to have reached serious conclusions : at the end of the book , in a short section titled conclusion , she offers some useful observations about expressions of humor and about the difficulties encountered by a teacher of english as a foreign language in trying to impart to students the linguistic skills [] to understand english literature ; but these observations can scarcely be termed conclusions , for no coherent theory has actually been set forth in the book .

The first issue was mailed to 96 paid subscribers ; this issue will go to more than 7000 , including many outside the United States that are not numbered among those listed in the audited annual circulation report required by the Postal Service to maintain a Second Class mailing privilege .
the first issue was mailed to 96 paid subscribers ; this issue will go to more than 7000 , including many outside the united states that are not numbered among those listed in the audited annual circulation report [] by the postal service to maintain a second class mailing privilege .

Wilkinson , identified as having studied Classics , Old English , and Old Norse at Cambridge , worked as a Forestry Commission woodman , an occupation that evidently afforded him the time and solitude required to concentrate on compiling and writing such a work , though no indication is given of how long he took to complete it .
wilkinson , identified as having studied classics , old english , and old norse at cambridge , worked as a forestry commission woodman , an occupation that evidently afforded him the time and solitude [] to concentrate on compiling and writing such a work , though no indication is given of how long he took to complete it .

These evidently possessed whatever qualities of viability are required for an item to survive in at least written English once it has experienced adequate quantity and variety of printed occurrence to justify initial listing in the first place .
these evidently possessed whatever qualities of viability are [] for an item to survive in at least written english once it has experienced adequate quantity and variety of printed occurrence to justify initial listing in the first place .

As for cat holes , they were two small holes cut into the stern above the gun ports on a sailing man o ' war , on the same level as the capstan , and used for leading a stern hawser to the capstan when required to secure the ship astern .
as for cat holes , they were two small holes cut into the stern above the gun ports on a sailing man o ' war , on the same level as the capstan , and used for leading a stern hawser to the capstan when [] to secure the ship astern .

The use of these terms is statutorily required , not only in official documents , but also in all business correspondence and advertising ( including labels , catalogues , waybills , etc .
the use of these terms is statutorily [] , not only in official documents , but also in all business correspondence and advertising ( including labels , catalogues , waybills , etc .

It is quite versatile and , as I required , allows me to create certain kinds of files in which I am able to style the text as I wish .
it is quite versatile and , as i [] , allows me to create certain kinds of files in which i am able to style the text as i wish .

Joining the ranks of companies that ought to have the resources required to employ people ( especially in advertising agencies ) who are reasonably perceptive about language but appear to have lost whatever touch they might have had is the British firm , Honeywell Bull .
joining the ranks of companies that ought to have the resources [] to employ people ( especially in advertising agencies ) who are reasonably perceptive about language but appear to have lost whatever touch they might have had is the british firm , honeywell bull .

To help maintain the required standards of blandness and inefficiency , the words situation and located must be used ( they would say utilized ) as often as possible .
to help maintain the [] standards of blandness and inefficiency , the words situation and located must be used ( they would say utilized ) as often as possible .

A little imagination may be all that is required in the minstrelly mode to discern the poetic connection .
a little imagination may be all that is [] in the minstrelly mode to discern the poetic connection .

It seems to be an outgrowth of sound bite , a phenomenon of television communication in which politicians and pundits are required to reduce complex ideas to one concise sentence .
it seems to be an outgrowth of sound bite , a phenomenon of television communication in which politicians and pundits are [] to reduce complex ideas to one concise sentence .

In the CIDE the effort has been made to simplify such entries in limiting the number of senses dealt with by writing a few definitions -- fifteen , in the case of take -- that are intended to encompass semantically the basic range of meanings the editors deem to be required by typical users of the dictionary .
in the cide the effort has been made to simplify such entries in limiting the number of senses dealt with by writing a few definitions -- fifteen , in the case of take -- that are intended to encompass semantically the basic range of meanings the editors deem to be [] by typical users of the dictionary .

Whereas learning French required a disciplined mind , anyone with a vocabulary of a few hundred words can make himself understood in English .
whereas learning french [] a disciplined mind , anyone with a vocabulary of a few hundred words can make himself understood in english .

I could go on , but my ansible ( FTL message receiver ) is displaying a rpiority-one hyperspace is urgently required to mediate some tiff between local mutant reptillians and the invading rebel positronic androids .
i could go on , but my ansible ( ftl message receiver ) is displaying a rpiority-one hyperspace is urgently [] to mediate some tiff between local mutant reptillians and the invading rebel positronic androids .

If lite/light simply describes a characteristic of the beer ( e.g. , taste , body , color ) , no such statement is required .
if lite/light simply describes a characteristic of the beer ( e.g. , taste , body , color ) , no such statement is [] .

Re the linguistic division in Belgium [ XIV , 4 ] , there is a story that goes back to a time when it was required by law that every town council have at least one French-speaking member .
re the linguistic division in belgium [ xiv , 4 ] , there is a story that goes back to a time when it was [] by law that every town council have at least one french-speaking member .

For example , stress was not soothed by a cookie monster which locked up your terminal and kept you from working until you provided a required response ( whose exact form was not necessarily known by the victim ) to its demand for a cookie .
for example , stress was not soothed by a cookie monster which locked up your terminal and kept you from working until you provided a [] response ( whose exact form was not necessarily known by the victim ) to its demand for a cookie .

Other terms define a duration of time in the real world as opposed to the amount of computer processing time required for something .
other terms define a duration of time in the real world as opposed to the amount of computer processing time [] for something .

There was a time when students were required to study the grammar of the language , but that day appears to be gone .
there was a time when students were [] to study the grammar of the language , but that day appears to be gone .

The Schism Act , passed in 1714 and repealed in 1719 , required all teachers to conform to the Anglican church .
the schism act , passed in 1714 and repealed in 1719 , [] all teachers to conform to the anglican church .

Publishers are not bound by such variety : neatness is a virtue in publishing newspapers , magazines , and books , and no publisher who produced a style book that required all such compounds to be consistently spelled with or without a hyphen could be subjected to criticism for yielding randomness to logic .
publishers are not bound by such variety : neatness is a virtue in publishing newspapers , magazines , and books , and no publisher who produced a style book that [] all such compounds to be consistently spelled with or without a hyphen could be subjected to criticism for yielding randomness to logic .

The word now designates a space so small a person might be required to bend over to enter it .
the word now designates a space so small a person might be [] to bend over to enter it .

At this scale more than 50,000 map sheets are required to completely cover the 48 contiguous states .
at this scale more than 50,000 map sheets are [] to completely cover the 48 contiguous states .

Craft set himself up as Stravinsky 's amanuensis , and his apercus are well worth reading ; but when he mislabels the tile of Philip Larkin 's Required Writing as Required Reading , he kills Larkin 's playful title .
craft set himself up as stravinsky 's amanuensis , and his apercus are well worth reading ; but when he mislabels the tile of philip larkin 's [] writing as [] reading , he kills larkin 's playful title .

Although a statute of 1362 required pleadings to be in English and records in Latin , French became the principal language of the law and of legal education , and so continued for 200 years , although Latin remained the standard for the  all-important  writs .
although a statute of 1362 [] pleadings to be in english and records in latin , french became the principal language of the law and of legal education , and so continued for 200 years , although latin remained the standard for the  all-important  writs .

The witness 's oath as required by statute and as everybody knows is the sing-song  to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth.  Redundant and imprecise , says the author ; the whole truth is a  metaphysical distinction ,  and he cites the much-derided Words and Phrases .
the witness 's oath as [] by statute and as everybody knows is the sing-song  to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth.  redundant and imprecise , says the author ; the whole truth is a  metaphysical distinction ,  and he cites the much-derided words and phrases .

I am convinced that there is a way to do this kind of thing , but a book is not it : the kind of associative information required to find even the simplest thing is likely to vary considerably from user to user , depending on orientation , education , age , and other factors ; including a large variety of ways to access the same information would be very uneconomical in book form , especially when high-speed computers with large memories are so readily available .
i am convinced that there is a way to do this kind of thing , but a book is not it : the kind of associative information [] to find even the simplest thing is likely to vary considerably from user to user , depending on orientation , education , age , and other factors ; including a large variety of ways to access the same information would be very uneconomical in book form , especially when high-speed computers with large memories are so readily available .

Far as I know , students of so-called  racquet games  are not required to submit to examinations that might test whether or not they know what they are talking about ; but I have a feeling the idea might be useful , for there is an incredible amount of misunderstanding and downright ignorance of which name refers to which sport .
far as i know , students of so-called  racquet games  are not [] to submit to examinations that might test whether or not they know what they are talking about ; but i have a feeling the idea might be useful , for there is an incredible amount of misunderstanding and downright ignorance of which name refers to which sport .

It was a fun-loving group , and I would have had as much fun as anybody if I had not had work to do , but keeping the QR going required continual exercise of the will .
it was a fun-loving group , and i would have had as much fun as anybody if i had not had work to do , but keeping the qr going [] continual exercise of the will .

Hannibal 's elephants did not have to give way to oncoming traffic ( there was none ) and cries of  Mush , mush  are presumably all that has ever been required on polar ice-caps to urge on Eskimo dogs .
hannibal 's elephants did not have to give way to oncoming traffic ( there was none ) and cries of  mush , mush  are presumably all that has ever been [] on polar ice-caps to urge on eskimo dogs .

The speaker 's words should never be changed ; that is , arse ought not be substituted for ass or vice versa and , if an explanation of an unfamiliar word or phrase is required , it ought to be supplied , even if this must be relegated to a footnote .
the speaker 's words should never be changed ; that is , arse ought not be substituted for ass or vice versa and , if an explanation of an unfamiliar word or phrase is [] , it ought to be supplied , even if this must be relegated to a footnote .

One mysterious factory was enclosed by two public roads and a rail line , little used by foreigners , on which the only scheduled train passed the required checkpoints in the dead of night .
one mysterious factory was enclosed by two public roads and a rail line , little used by foreigners , on which the only scheduled train passed the [] checkpoints in the dead of night .

The specific English word emergency is required in the aviation protocol to convey to the controller that the disaster is imminent , but the copilot failed to use that word , even though the pilot had used its exact Spanish equivalent in telling him what to say .
the specific english word emergency is [] in the aviation protocol to convey to the controller that the disaster is imminent , but the copilot failed to use that word , even though the pilot had used its exact spanish equivalent in telling him what to say .

Perhaps because of fatigue or the stress of having to work in conditions of no visibility , the Dutch-speaking pilot switched into the Dutch grammatical construction while keeping his words in English , as required .
perhaps because of fatigue or the stress of having to work in conditions of no visibility , the dutch-speaking pilot switched into the dutch grammatical construction while keeping his words in english , as [] .

In the chapter on Style , I expected to find under punctuation a fuller treatment than that afforded : I looked in vain for two things , the wisdom offered regarding serial commas ( whether or when the second comma is required or desirable in A , B , and C , and what the position is on the use of a comma following etc .
in the chapter on style , i expected to find under punctuation a fuller treatment than that afforded : i looked in vain for two things , the wisdom offered regarding serial commas ( whether or when the second comma is [] or desirable in a , b , and c , and what the position is on the use of a comma following etc .

Because anyone writing a review of any book ought to be required to delineate the reasons for his approval or disapproval of its style and content , so any editor worth his salt should be able to detect in a properly written , professional review of a dictionary by a lexicographer any untoward bias and to reject such a review ( or parts of it ) out of hand .
because anyone writing a review of any book ought to be [] to delineate the reasons for his approval or disapproval of its style and content , so any editor worth his salt should be able to detect in a properly written , professional review of a dictionary by a lexicographer any untoward bias and to reject such a review ( or parts of it ) out of hand .

Thus it is user-unfriendly of a dictionaryany reference book , in factto exhibit a style so involved as to be virtually unassimilable save by a dedicated , experienced few : except for the arcana , dictionary style should be revealed transparently to anyone picking up the book , and no one should be required to take a course in dictionary navigation or to spend half an hour adjusting his eyes to read reams of six-point type . ]
thus it is user-unfriendly of a dictionaryany reference book , in factto exhibit a style so involved as to be virtually unassimilable save by a dedicated , experienced few : except for the arcana , dictionary style should be revealed transparently to anyone picking up the book , and no one should be [] to take a course in dictionary navigation or to spend half an hour adjusting his eyes to read reams of six-point type . ]

Never before had I been required to see and soak up that drama which depends on a whole array of techniques that have nothing intrinsically to do with words .
never before had i been [] to see and soak up that drama which depends on a whole array of techniques that have nothing intrinsically to do with words .

These evidently possessed whatever qualities of viability are required for an item to survive in at least written English once it has experienced adequate quantity and variety of printed occurrence to justify initial listing in the first place .
these evidently possessed whatever qualities of viability are [] for an item to survive in at least written english once it has experienced adequate quantity and variety of printed occurrence to justify initial listing in the first place .

It is quite versatile and , as I required , allows me to create certain kinds of files in which I am able to style the text as I wish , but I shall not go into that here .
it is quite versatile and , as i [] , allows me to create certain kinds of files in which i am able to style the text as i wish , but i shall not go into that here .

Still , a computer of middling sophistication is required , so those who have not ( yet ) joined the future need not apply .
still , a computer of middling sophistication is [] , so those who have not ( yet ) joined the future need not apply .

Proofreaders use a special set of marks , signs and symbols to indicate on the gallery proofs the required corrections -- deletions , insertions , size or type of fonts ( lower case letters , capitals , bold face ) , space notations ( size of paragraph indents , missing spaces between words or extra spaces within words , type and length of dash ) , etc .
proofreaders use a special set of marks , signs and symbols to indicate on the gallery proofs the [] corrections -- deletions , insertions , size or type of fonts ( lower case letters , capitals , bold face ) , space notations ( size of paragraph indents , missing spaces between words or extra spaces within words , type and length of dash ) , etc .

Imagination on their part is required , even if it is not the imagination of the poet or humorist .
imagination on their part is [] , even if it is not the imagination of the poet or humorist .

One person was given a box of parts to a wheelbarrow , as provided from the factory (  some assembly required  ) .
one person was given a box of parts to a wheelbarrow , as provided from the factory (  some assembly []  ) .

When the test is modified to allow phone conversation , the time required for assembly decreases dramatically .
when the test is modified to allow phone conversation , the time [] for assembly decreases dramatically .

Even in the absence of visual clues , the very sounds of human speech are overflowing with many times the volume of data strictly required to convey the message .
even in the absence of visual clues , the very sounds of human speech are overflowing with many times the volume of data strictly [] to convey the message .

Third -- though here we might not be dealing with Ayto 's decision as much as the publisher 's -- it is simply not convenient to have a dictionary of etymology that excludes all bound prefixes and suffixes , though these are glossed , as required , when they are part of an entry .
third -- though here we might not be dealing with ayto 's decision as much as the publisher 's -- it is simply not convenient to have a dictionary of etymology that excludes all bound prefixes and suffixes , though these are glossed , as [] , when they are part of an entry .

Entries for pipe bomb , ( in the ) pipeline , pita , and placebo effect , plasma jet , and platform tennis , all in the 1963 book , were doubtless dropped because they all are entered in current general-language dictionaries , and so are no longer required in the TBDNE , given its stated intention .
entries for pipe bomb , ( in the ) pipeline , pita , and placebo effect , plasma jet , and platform tennis , all in the 1963 book , were doubtless dropped because they all are entered in current general-language dictionaries , and so are no longer [] in the tbdne , given its stated intention .

