Five per cent of the voters in each county must sign petitions requesting that the Republicans be allowed to place names of candidates on the general election ballot , or 2
five per cent of the voters in each county must sign petitions [asking for] that the republicans be allowed to place names of candidates on the general election ballot , or 2

All the slaves joined in requesting that they be allowed to delay their departure until the end of the planting season , so that they could get in `` their own little produce '' .
all the slaves joined in [asking for] that they be allowed to delay their departure until the end of the planting season , so that they could get in `` their own little produce '' .

his requesting , and often getting , higher wages , better working conditions , better schools -- changes that were slowly emerging even before the Supreme Court decision of 1954 .
his [asking for] , and often getting , higher wages , better working conditions , better schools -- changes that were slowly emerging even before the supreme court decision of 1954 .

One evening he passed around the banquet table a crystal cup full of diamonds , requesting every female guest to select one as a souvenir .
one evening he passed around the banquet table a crystal cup full of diamonds , [asking for] every female guest to select one as a souvenir .

and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of Monday , November 13 , 1961 , as the State Ballet of Rhode Island Week , requesting all Rhode Islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the State .
and now , therefore , do i , john a. notte , jr. , governor of the state of rhode island and providence plantations , proclaim the week of monday , november 13 , 1961 , as the state ballet of rhode island week , [asking for] all rhode islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the state .

Your application must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates .
your application must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for [asking for] an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates .

Refunds of less than $1 will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return requesting such a refund .
refunds of less than $1 will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return [asking for] such a refund .

Where this approach becomes critical , the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in `` resisting '' the wage pressures of a powerful union , requesting tariff relief after it has `` reluctantly '' acceded to the union pressure .
where this approach becomes critical , the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in `` resisting '' the wage pressures of a powerful union , [asking for] tariff relief after it has `` reluctantly '' acceded to the union pressure .

The Foundation aims to have 2 major products requesting the Fairtrade Mark before the end of 1993 , with a further 4-5 major products on board the following year .
the foundation aims to have 2 major products [asking for] the fairtrade mark before the end of 1993 , with a further 4-5 major products on board the following year .

This can be clarified only by requesting a brief job description .
this can be clarified only by [asking for] a brief job description .

Shop stewards will send the letter to joint administrative receiver Ipe Jacob , requesting it be presented to potential buyers .
shop stewards will send the letter to joint administrative receiver ipe jacob , [asking for] it be presented to potential buyers .

And Mr Howard is requesting special provision to cushion the impact of the new council tax and to prevent a repetition of the ‘ nightmare ’ over the illfated community charge .
and mr howard is [asking for] special provision to cushion the impact of the new council tax and to prevent a repetition of the ‘ nightmare ’ over the illfated community charge .

Personal introductions are commonly executed by a third party rather than through say the medium of a telephone call requesting a meeting .
personal introductions are commonly executed by a third party rather than through say the medium of a telephone call [asking for] a meeting .

Many thanks to Michael Croucher of Milton Keynes for requesting a bass part by one of my all-time favourite players , Verdine White of Earth , Wind and Fire .
many thanks to michael croucher of milton keynes for [asking for] a bass part by one of my all-time favourite players , verdine white of earth , wind and fire .

Extraordinary lengths were therefore gone to to cajole and inspire the rather bewildered Indians , once they had been promised their independence , into requesting Commonwealth membership .
extraordinary lengths were therefore gone to to cajole and inspire the rather bewildered indians , once they had been promised their independence , into [asking for] commonwealth membership .

Regarding the letter in August requesting sounds for multi-effect processors .
regarding the letter in august [asking for] sounds for multi-effect processors .

The screen flashed up a weapons menu , requesting operator input .
the screen flashed up a weapons menu , [asking for] operator input .

The interviewer uses a checklist to ensure that specific areas are covered , requesting explanations or introducing new topics as necessary .
the interviewer uses a checklist to ensure that specific areas are covered , [asking for] explanations or introducing new topics as necessary .

We sent a questionnaire requesting complete family history to each patient .
we sent a questionnaire [asking for] complete family history to each patient .

As a first step , it is requesting permission to publish a national magazine which would be distributed by the State .
as a first step , it is [asking for] permission to publish a national magazine which would be distributed by the state .

He has also placed an advert in New York 's Village Voice in search of a tour band , requesting applicants ‘ who really rock hard ’ and count John Lennon among their influences .
he has also placed an advert in new york 's village voice in search of a tour band , [asking for] applicants ‘ who really rock hard ’ and count john lennon among their influences .

Some people , but only a very few , endeavoured to thwart the lucrative customs of the funeral furnisher by specifically requesting a coffin of a type not expected of their situation .
some people , but only a very few , endeavoured to thwart the lucrative customs of the funeral furnisher by specifically [asking for] a coffin of a type not expected of their situation .

Alternatively , if you are owed £750 or more you may issue and serve a statutory demand on your debtor requesting payment of your debt within 21 days .
alternatively , if you are owed £750 or more you may issue and serve a statutory demand on your debtor [asking for] payment of your debt within 21 days .

Even a handwritten note requesting early payment of your account can get good results .
even a handwritten note [asking for] early payment of your account can get good results .

Under section 518 of the Companies Act 1985 if you are owed £750 or more by a company and it is overdue you can serve that company with a notice requesting payment within 21 days .
under section 518 of the companies act 1985 if you are owed £750 or more by a company and it is overdue you can serve that company with a notice [asking for] payment within 21 days .

An advertisement was put out requesting that no relief be given to beggars ; the really needy were to be referred to Mr. Chapman at the House of Industry .
an advertisement was put out [asking for] that no relief be given to beggars ; the really needy were to be referred to mr. chapman at the house of industry .

Normally , if they have charged you insufficient tax and later discover the error , they will send you a supplementary demand requesting the balance owing .
normally , if they have charged you insufficient tax and later discover the error , they will send you a supplementary demand [asking for] the balance owing .

Some researchers ( for example , Bates 1976 ; Lock 1980a ) have gone a step further and proposed that the non-verbal communicative skills which are displayed in ‘ showing ’ and ‘ requesting ’ objects are direct precursors to the linguistic functions of ‘ telling ’ or ‘ giving information ’ and ‘ asking questions ’ .
some researchers ( for example , bates 1976 ; lock 1980a ) have gone a step further and proposed that the non-verbal communicative skills which are displayed in ‘ showing ’ and ‘ [asking for] ’ objects are direct precursors to the linguistic functions of ‘ telling ’ or ‘ giving information ’ and ‘ asking questions ’ .

He assisted Marsh up the steps to the box and , seating him in the signalman 's battered but comfortable old armchair , reported the incident to the train control , requesting medical assistance for the unfortunate guard who was obviously unable to continue his dunes .
he assisted marsh up the steps to the box and , seating him in the signalman 's battered but comfortable old armchair , reported the incident to the train control , [asking for] medical assistance for the unfortunate guard who was obviously unable to continue his dunes .

Supposing in innocently requesting him to escort her today , she 'd unwittingly committed a crass blunder ?
supposing in innocently [asking for] him to escort her today , she 'd unwittingly committed a crass blunder ?

In fact the writer goes on to say , ‘ It would be the embalmer 's dream never to see another ‘ posted case ’ , and he would like to see the usual procedure altered with regard to the requesting of a post-mortem examination .
in fact the writer goes on to say , ‘ it would be the embalmer 's dream never to see another ‘ posted case ’ , and he would like to see the usual procedure altered with regard to the [asking for] of a post-mortem examination .

When the cortege stopped he bowed his head under the bier and prayed requesting that he should die that night to join the bishop in heaven .
when the cortege stopped he bowed his head under the bier and prayed [asking for] that he should die that night to join the bishop in heaven .

Wilkins ' proposals , for example , have been widely taken to sanction the teaching of more or less fixed phrases as standard expressions of function ( requesting , inviting , describing , agreeing , disagreeing , etc . )
wilkins ' proposals , for example , have been widely taken to sanction the teaching of more or less fixed phrases as standard expressions of function ( [asking for] , inviting , describing , agreeing , disagreeing , etc . )

Estabrook declined , but accepted a cigarette as they talked on , Pie requesting details of Judith 's whereabouts and movements , Estabrook supplying the answers in a monotone .
estabrook declined , but accepted a cigarette as they talked on , pie [asking for] details of judith 's whereabouts and movements , estabrook supplying the answers in a monotone .

This annoyed Citrine and he had formal resolutions passed requesting the presence of the chairmen , but these also were sometimes ignored .
this annoyed citrine and he had formal resolutions passed [asking for] the presence of the chairmen , but these also were sometimes ignored .

In short , the town of Inverkeithing was determined by the arrival of a letter from Count Nassau promising that Lieutenant Cuningham should obtain the next company of infantry which fell vacant , and at the same time requesting support for one of the candidates for the parliamentary election .
in short , the town of inverkeithing was determined by the arrival of a letter from count nassau promising that lieutenant cuningham should obtain the next company of infantry which fell vacant , and at the same time [asking for] support for one of the candidates for the parliamentary election .

Our research revealed that a significant number of such admissions were , in fact , perceived by the parents as a direct result of their requesting help , and that in such cases the parents actually welcomed the care order as an attempt to meet the needs of their children .
our research revealed that a significant number of such admissions were , in fact , perceived by the parents as a direct result of their [asking for] help , and that in such cases the parents actually welcomed the care order as an attempt to meet the needs of their children .

If you are a constant reader of this column the chances are good that your mailbox brims daily with the glossy opportunities of galleries about town requesting your presence at this or that artist 's show .
if you are a constant reader of this column the chances are good that your mailbox brims daily with the glossy opportunities of galleries about town [asking for] your presence at this or that artist 's show .

In a routine way by September 1830 the committee of the Anti-Slavery Society sent for insertion a short notice requesting petitions ‘ to the Editors of the provincial Newspapers and of Religious Periodicals ’ .
in a routine way by september 1830 the committee of the anti-slavery society sent for insertion a short notice [asking for] petitions ‘ to the editors of the provincial newspapers and of religious periodicals ’ .

On Friday nights in Jewish households , the lady of the house performs the sacred ritual of lighting two candles and requesting through prayer that the presence of the Lord should bless the gathered family .
on friday nights in jewish households , the lady of the house performs the sacred ritual of lighting two candles and [asking for] through prayer that the presence of the lord should bless the gathered family .

Any Party wishing to make any such publication or disclosure shall in requesting such consent submit details of the intended publication or disclosure to the Chairman of the Project Committee and may specify a reasonable time within which consent is to be given .
any party wishing to make any such publication or disclosure shall in [asking for] such consent submit details of the intended publication or disclosure to the chairman of the project committee and may specify a reasonable time within which consent is to be given .

Fearing her correspondence would otherwise be intercepted , the queen-dowager had entrusted it to the care of Cardinal Bourchier — sending it by a trusted servant to the cardinal 's residence , requesting that it be forwarded to her cousin forthwith .
fearing her correspondence would otherwise be intercepted , the queen-dowager had entrusted it to the care of cardinal bourchier — sending it by a trusted servant to the cardinal 's residence , [asking for] that it be forwarded to her cousin forthwith .

Sometimes a judge is noted as intervening in requesting certain kinds of identification not to be made .
sometimes a judge is noted as intervening in [asking for] certain kinds of identification not to be made .

The Group asked the members of the public to sign letters to the President of Syria requesting the release of Yuris-al-Hayik , their adopted prisoner .
the group asked the members of the public to sign letters to the president of syria [asking for] the release of yuris-al-hayik , their adopted prisoner .

Perhaps it would have been had the South American dealer not ignored his every letter , fax and telephone call requesting confirmation of delivery date .
perhaps it would have been had the south american dealer not ignored his every letter , fax and telephone call [asking for] confirmation of delivery date .

Some examiners conclude the statement of facts in a problem with the direction to discuss it : others adopt the mannerism of requesting you to advise one of the parties .
some examiners conclude the statement of facts in a problem with the direction to discuss it : others adopt the mannerism of [asking for] you to advise one of the parties .

Crystal and Davy ( 1969 ) are happy to tape-record colleagues , friends and family surreptitiously , requesting permission only subsequently to use the material .
crystal and davy ( 1969 ) are happy to tape-record colleagues , friends and family surreptitiously , [asking for] permission only subsequently to use the material .

If the receipt message is acceptable , the holder may subsequently update it by requesting , for example , that the date and place of shipment be inserted in the message as soon as the goods have been loaded on board .
if the receipt message is acceptable , the holder may subsequently update it by [asking for] , for example , that the date and place of shipment be inserted in the message as soon as the goods have been loaded on board .

In addition to this year on year process of requesting Parliament to sanction public expenditure , there are also the on-going series of public expenditure surveys which predict the level of public expenditure over the medium term .
in addition to this year on year process of [asking for] parliament to sanction public expenditure , there are also the on-going series of public expenditure surveys which predict the level of public expenditure over the medium term .

The consultants are sent a copy of the idea memorandum along with a brief questionnaire requesting their comments in many areas including : novelty , market needs , and technological feasibility ; additions that they would make to improve it ; and whether or not they wish to be involved in any further review and/or elaboration of this idea .
the consultants are sent a copy of the idea memorandum along with a brief questionnaire [asking for] their comments in many areas including : novelty , market needs , and technological feasibility ; additions that they would make to improve it ; and whether or not they wish to be involved in any further review and/or elaboration of this idea .

On the screen , a window cleaner is requesting water from a housewife , who , one assumes , has other plans in mind , and we all fold our arms .
on the screen , a window cleaner is [asking for] water from a housewife , who , one assumes , has other plans in mind , and we all fold our arms .

The methods of data collection and processing have been described previously ; the information collected includes the result of fetal karyotyping , reason for requesting karyotyping , and mother 's age .
the methods of data collection and processing have been described previously ; the information collected includes the result of fetal karyotyping , reason for [asking for] karyotyping , and mother 's age .

The commonest reason for requesting karyotyping was the mother 's age .
the commonest reason for [asking for] karyotyping was the mother 's age .

We were therefore taken aback to receive , within two weeks , a highly critical letter from the editor requesting a major restructuring of the paper and enclosing a heavily edited copy of the manuscript .
we were therefore taken aback to receive , within two weeks , a highly critical letter from the editor [asking for] a major restructuring of the paper and enclosing a heavily edited copy of the manuscript .

Within a short time a National Deaf Conference was arranged to be held in the Lecture Hall of St Saviour 's Church , Oxford Street , London on 16–18 January , 1890 , and invitations were sent to all deaf societies and missions , requesting them to appoint representatives .
within a short time a national deaf conference was arranged to be held in the lecture hall of st saviour 's church , oxford street , london on 16–18 january , 1890 , and invitations were sent to all deaf societies and missions , [asking for] them to appoint representatives .

Knowledge and use of secondary contraception among patients requesting termination of pregnancy
knowledge and use of secondary contraception among patients [asking for] termination of pregnancy

Getting people to do things : requesting ( … ) agreeing , refusing — Talking about past events : remembering , describing experiences , speculating
getting people to do things : [asking for] ( … ) agreeing , refusing — talking about past events : remembering , describing experiences , speculating

This was because , under article 1 , the Treaty related only to persons being accused or convicted of offences committed within the territory of the requesting party .
this was because , under article 1 , the treaty related only to persons being accused or convicted of offences committed within the territory of the [asking for] party .

However , the proximity of Mr. Tee to Winchester , as it was perceived by Norwich , did cause concern to Norwich , and on 11 May they wrote to the applicant , requesting that he ensured ‘ that [ Mr. Tee ] does not attend Winchester Group 's premises or is in any way involved with the running of the business .
however , the proximity of mr. tee to winchester , as it was perceived by norwich , did cause concern to norwich , and on 11 may they wrote to the applicant , [asking for] that he ensured ‘ that [ mr. tee ] does not attend winchester group 's premises or is in any way involved with the running of the business .

In the present case the argument was at one stage canvassed that requesting the receipt with the consequent obtaining of fingerprints , should be regarded separately from the main issue , that it amounted to a separate trick within a trick .
in the present case the argument was at one stage canvassed that [asking for] the receipt with the consequent obtaining of fingerprints , should be regarded separately from the main issue , that it amounted to a separate trick within a trick .

However , Mr. Thornton made clear that in his submission requesting the receipt was merely an incident in the operation of the shop .
however , mr. thornton made clear that in his submission [asking for] the receipt was merely an incident in the operation of the shop .

’ They intended to link their project with Documenta 9 in Kassel on the other side of Germany by requesting work from women worldwide to ‘ point out the problem of the infinitely small presence of women at this year 's Documenta , and help to shed light on the increasing number of well received approaches and concepts originated by women artists in a different way .
’ they intended to link their project with documenta 9 in kassel on the other side of germany by [asking for] work from women worldwide to ‘ point out the problem of the infinitely small presence of women at this year 's documenta , and help to shed light on the increasing number of well received approaches and concepts originated by women artists in a different way .

The environmental group Friends of the Earth ( FoE ) is an experienced campaigner for improvements in the quality of our water and has produced a briefing giving detailed advice on requesting information from your water supply company .
the environmental group friends of the earth ( foe ) is an experienced campaigner for improvements in the quality of our water and has produced a briefing giving detailed advice on [asking for] information from your water supply company .

In November , 1985 a further letter was sent to every institution that had not replied , requesting information about difficulties in responding .
in november , 1985 a further letter was sent to every institution that had not replied , [asking for] information about difficulties in responding .

As early as 1845 he surveyed a line for a railway crossing the Grampian mountains between Perth and Inverness , but the Bill presented to Parliament , requesting permission , was defeated in 1846 on the grounds of impracticality .
as early as 1845 he surveyed a line for a railway crossing the grampian mountains between perth and inverness , but the bill presented to parliament , [asking for] permission , was defeated in 1846 on the grounds of impracticality .

This bears an inscription in its lower left corner requesting prayers for Richard de Haldingham o ( or ) de Lafford who made and drew ( fet e compasse ) this history ( cest estorie ) .
this bears an inscription in its lower left corner [asking for] prayers for richard de haldingham o ( or ) de lafford who made and drew ( fet e compasse ) this history ( cest estorie ) .

Accordingly she wrote to her favourite niece Lilian Baylis , then in South Africa , requesting that she should return home to take over the management of the theatre .
accordingly she wrote to her favourite niece lilian baylis , then in south africa , [asking for] that she should return home to take over the management of the theatre .

of its shares and the other shareholders have not served notice requesting the preparation of group accounts and the company 's securities are not listed on a stock exchange in any member State .
of its shares and the other shareholders have not served notice [asking for] the preparation of group accounts and the company 's securities are not listed on a stock exchange in any member state .

What they were requesting was the co-operation of the Chilean Navy Yard in installing steel bits strong enough to ensure that the hawser did not again tear itself free .
what they were [asking for] was the co-operation of the chilean navy yard in installing steel bits strong enough to ensure that the hawser did not again tear itself free .

It comes ‘ by public demand ’ , inspired by the hundreds of letters requesting more frequent quizzes .
it comes ‘ by public demand ’ , inspired by the hundreds of letters [asking for] more frequent quizzes .

Mandru turned to look at him . ‘ Are you requesting a favour ? ’
mandru turned to look at him . ‘ are you [asking for] a favour ? ’

The result , from the Royal Scottish and Royal Bank point of view , was most encouraging with almost 50 members of the audience requesting follow-up one-to-one consultations with John Buckland and another Royal Scottish Consultant , Mike Spencer-Phillips .
the result , from the royal scottish and royal bank point of view , was most encouraging with almost 50 members of the audience [asking for] follow-up one-to-one consultations with john buckland and another royal scottish consultant , mike spencer-phillips .

With reference to your letter of 26th March requesting a copy of my driving licence .
with reference to your letter of 26th march [asking for] a copy of my driving licence .

University of Strathclyde requesting the return of the questionnaire on the environment .
university of strathclyde [asking for] the return of the questionnaire on the environment .

The offeror must not employ any `` strong-arm tactics `` to prevent the board of the target from making an announcement or requesting a suspension of listing if it thinks it appropriate .
the offeror must not employ any `` strong-arm tactics `` to prevent the board of the target from making an announcement or [asking for] a suspension of listing if it thinks it appropriate .

Also consider as an alternative requesting building defects insurance ( premiums to be paid for by the landlord ) such as ten year latent defects insurance — but if not available , or in addition to such deeds etc , the tenant should consider including the clause suggested at clause 2.14 .
also consider as an alternative [asking for] building defects insurance ( premiums to be paid for by the landlord ) such as ten year latent defects insurance — but if not available , or in addition to such deeds etc , the tenant should consider including the clause suggested at clause 2.14 .

Requesting the sales girl to make up the bill , he 'd proceeded to lower his dark head , his arms closing about her like steel bands as he 'd possessed Laura 's lips in a long , slow and devastating kiss .
[asking for] the sales girl to make up the bill , he 'd proceeded to lower his dark head , his arms closing about her like steel bands as he 'd possessed laura 's lips in a long , slow and devastating kiss .

It looks like a clever move — by publicly questioning the boards intent ( by requesting the meeting ) he is asking for commitment to the progression of the club .
it looks like a clever move — by publicly questioning the boards intent ( by [asking for] the meeting ) he is asking for commitment to the progression of the club .

Se alquila — there were several ‘ To Let ’ signs as she drove slowly through the complex and all requesting clients to apply to the central reception for details .
se alquila — there were several ‘ to let ’ signs as she drove slowly through the complex and all [asking for] clients to apply to the central reception for details .

’ Ken could n't speak French , but insisted on requesting a tune — by humming it out loud , at the top of his voice .
’ ken could n't speak french , but insisted on [asking for] a tune — by humming it out loud , at the top of his voice .

Two months before his departure he wrote to twelve or fifteen poets , requesting their public support for Pound and asking them to provide private testimonials in the event that he should be tried and sentenced for his crime : there was , at this stage , a strong possibility that Pound would be condemned to death .
two months before his departure he wrote to twelve or fifteen poets , [asking for] their public support for pound and asking them to provide private testimonials in the event that he should be tried and sentenced for his crime : there was , at this stage , a strong possibility that pound would be condemned to death .

Examples are plentiful : an individual defending an extradition application in a municipal court is a third party to the extradition treaty between the requesting State and the State of detention ; the crew of a fishing vessel arrested for illegal activities within another State 's exclusive economic zone are third parties to agreements delimiting fishing zones ; individuals claiming refugee status rely upon the terms of the Refugee Treaty .
examples are plentiful : an individual defending an extradition application in a municipal court is a third party to the extradition treaty between the [asking for] state and the state of detention ; the crew of a fishing vessel arrested for illegal activities within another state 's exclusive economic zone are third parties to agreements delimiting fishing zones ; individuals claiming refugee status rely upon the terms of the refugee treaty .

The European Court of Human rights held that extraditing a person to a State ‘ where substantial grounds have been shown for believing that the person concerned , … faces a real risk of being subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment in the requesting country ’ engages the responsibility of the sending State .
the european court of human rights held that extraditing a person to a state ‘ where substantial grounds have been shown for believing that the person concerned , … faces a real risk of being subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment in the [asking for] country ’ engages the responsibility of the sending state .

David Tyler , finance director of Christies International , observed , ‘ during the past few years , an increasing number of vendors have come to us requesting an advance of their sale proceeds ; we have been happy to meet those requests in many cases ’ .
david tyler , finance director of christies international , observed , ‘ during the past few years , an increasing number of vendors have come to us [asking for] an advance of their sale proceeds ; we have been happy to meet those requests in many cases ’ .

finding ways to acquire and set up sustainable and free media institutions , and requesting , as a right , allocation of adequate air time on government controlled radio and television media . Existing media programmes , projects and facilities of churches , including the use of airtime on state media , should move away from simply being an extension of catechism classes or a restaging of normal Sunday worship , to address human rights , development , and other socio-economic issues ;
finding ways to acquire and set up sustainable and free media institutions , and [asking for] , as a right , allocation of adequate air time on government controlled radio and television media . existing media programmes , projects and facilities of churches , including the use of airtime on state media , should move away from simply being an extension of catechism classes or a restaging of normal sunday worship , to address human rights , development , and other socio-economic issues ;

Article 11 is not intended to , nor does it , allow a requesting State to require a requested State to return an object illegally exported before the entry into force of the Convention .
article 11 is not intended to , nor does it , allow a [asking for] state to require a requested state to return an object illegally exported before the entry into force of the convention .

Article 11 can hardly be said , therefore , to ‘ weaken ’ the Convention it allows States who wish to be more generous to a claimant than the minimum standards set out in the earlier articles to do so , but not for more than minimum standards to be imposed by a requesting State on a requested State .
article 11 can hardly be said , therefore , to ‘ weaken ’ the convention it allows states who wish to be more generous to a claimant than the minimum standards set out in the earlier articles to do so , but not for more than minimum standards to be imposed by a [asking for] state on a requested state .

The member state from which the object has been illegally exported the ‘ requesting state ’ can take the possessor of the object to court in the country where the object is located the ‘ requested state ’ .
the member state from which the object has been illegally exported the ‘ [asking for] state ’ can take the possessor of the object to court in the country where the object is located the ‘ requested state ’ .

Once the object has been returned , the ownership law of the requesting state will apply .
once the object has been returned , the ownership law of the [asking for] state will apply .

The cost of the court proceeding and any compensation will be borne by the requesting state , which , depending on national legislation , may have recourse to the person responsible for the illegal export .
the cost of the court proceeding and any compensation will be borne by the [asking for] state , which , depending on national legislation , may have recourse to the person responsible for the illegal export .

This level , referred to as pragmatics , takes into account the purpose of language in achieving pragmatic ends , such as persuading or requesting information [ Greene , 1986 ] .
this level , referred to as pragmatics , takes into account the purpose of language in achieving pragmatic ends , such as persuading or [asking for] information [ greene , 1986 ] .

Please note that higher medical standards apply if you are requesting Large Goods and/or Passenger Carrying Vehicle Entitlement .
please note that higher medical standards apply if you are [asking for] large goods and/or passenger carrying vehicle entitlement .

Requesting and providing information .
[asking for] and providing information .

Requesting payment .
[asking for] payment .

Write a letter to its Publicity Department requesting a visit and stating what it is you want to see and what you are hoping to find out .
write a letter to its publicity department [asking for] a visit and stating what it is you want to see and what you are hoping to find out .

How much do you know about the structure of your College ? Write a memo to the Principal requesting an interview to discuss the College organisation .
how much do you know about the structure of your college ? write a memo to the principal [asking for] an interview to discuss the college organisation .

What do you know about departments within the College , other than your own ? Write a memo to the Head of Catering/ Engineering/Building or any other Department , requesting an interview to discuss the courses offered and the careers that they are expected to lead to .
what do you know about departments within the college , other than your own ? write a memo to the head of catering/ engineering/building or any other department , [asking for] an interview to discuss the courses offered and the careers that they are expected to lead to .

However , he is taken more seriously in America or Professor Albert Einstein , who writes to President Roosevelt requesting funds for a series of experiments .
however , he is taken more seriously in america or professor albert einstein , who writes to president roosevelt [asking for] funds for a series of experiments .

The guest 's letter requesting accommodation amounts to an offer to contract ; the hotel 's written acknowledgement is the acceptance of it .
the guest 's letter [asking for] accommodation amounts to an offer to contract ; the hotel 's written acknowledgement is the acceptance of it .

Ms Jones , in answer to Mr Snoops letter requesting accommodation in room 214 for the night of 1 April , writes confirming the reservation of that particular room .
ms jones , in answer to mr snoops letter [asking for] accommodation in room 214 for the night of 1 april , writes confirming the reservation of that particular room .

For all changes proposed after development , a Change Request Form should be completed by the person requesting the change .
for all changes proposed after development , a change request form should be completed by the person [asking for] the change .

If the Development Manager considers that the proposed change is necessary but will have an impact on functionality , cost or timescale , then he should ensure that the person requesting the proposed change follows the formal Change Procedures .
if the development manager considers that the proposed change is necessary but will have an impact on functionality , cost or timescale , then he should ensure that the person [asking for] the proposed change follows the formal change procedures .

Requested by : the name of the person requesting the change
requested by : the name of the person [asking for] the change

Requested by : the name of the person requesting the change , entered on receipt of the Change Request Form
requested by : the name of the person [asking for] the change , entered on receipt of the change request form

The time from requesting an interactive process ( such as search and replace ) to the appearance of an acknowledgement on the screen should be less than one second .
the time from [asking for] an interactive process ( such as search and replace ) to the appearance of an acknowledgement on the screen should be less than one second .

The final test was the response rate from mothers in requesting a wall poster .
the final test was the response rate from mothers in [asking for] a wall poster .

Certain matters must however have been put in hand for on 18 August Sir William wrote requesting one of ‘ Mr Plenty 's designed lifeboats of 20 feet length ’ , and the Committee gave approval on 25 August .
certain matters must however have been put in hand for on 18 august sir william wrote [asking for] one of ‘ mr plenty 's designed lifeboats of 20 feet length ’ , and the committee gave approval on 25 august .

An American note was sent to the Soviet Union on 11 August 1947 requesting a report from the Joint Commission by 21 August to enable the two governments to decide on the next step .
an american note was sent to the soviet union on 11 august 1947 [asking for] a report from the joint commission by 21 august to enable the two governments to decide on the next step .

This is a remarkably brief document , providing so far as service of documents is concerned for letters of request to be addressed by a diplomatic or consular officer of the requesting state to the competent authority of the requested state , and for the execution of any request the authenticity of which was not in doubt unless the requested state considered that this would be contrary to its public policy .
this is a remarkably brief document , providing so far as service of documents is concerned for letters of request to be addressed by a diplomatic or consular officer of the [asking for] state to the competent authority of the requested state , and for the execution of any request the authenticity of which was not in doubt unless the requested state considered that this would be contrary to its public policy .

So , the primary or preferred mode of transmission was the indirect consular channel , from the consul of the requesting State to an authority designated for the purpose by the State addressed ; a Contracting State could , however , still insist on the use of the diplomatic channel , and the new Convention did not preclude more direct communication between competent authorities by agreement between the States concerned .
so , the primary or preferred mode of transmission was the indirect consular channel , from the consul of the [asking for] state to an authority designated for the purpose by the state addressed ; a contracting state could , however , still insist on the use of the diplomatic channel , and the new convention did not preclude more direct communication between competent authorities by agreement between the states concerned .

The English courts had to consider the meaning of the phrase ‘ civil or commercial matter ’ as used in section 9(1) of the Evidence ( Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975 , passed mainly to give effect to the Convention ; the precise question was whether the evidence sought was ‘ for the purposes of civil proceedings … before the requesting court ’ within section 1 of the Act , the italicised phrase being interpreted in section 9 to mean proceedings in any civil or commercial matter .
the english courts had to consider the meaning of the phrase ‘ civil or commercial matter ’ as used in section 9(1) of the evidence ( proceedings in other jurisdictions ) act 1975 , passed mainly to give effect to the convention ; the precise question was whether the evidence sought was ‘ for the purposes of civil proceedings … before the [asking for] court ’ within section 1 of the act , the italicised phrase being interpreted in section 9 to mean proceedings in any civil or commercial matter .

When the case first came before the Court of Appeal , the court , finding no assistance in the text of the Convention itself , held in effect that the proceedings had to be regarded as in a ‘ civil or commercial matter ’ both under the law of the requesting country , which must necessarily be the starting-point , and that of England , the courts of which had to be satisfied that the request did fall within the terms of the Act .
when the case first came before the court of appeal , the court , finding no assistance in the text of the convention itself , held in effect that the proceedings had to be regarded as in a ‘ civil or commercial matter ’ both under the law of the [asking for] country , which must necessarily be the starting-point , and that of england , the courts of which had to be satisfied that the request did fall within the terms of the act .

Instead he applied , as had the first Court of Appeal , a combination of the laws of the requesting and requested countries .
instead he applied , as had the first court of appeal , a combination of the laws of the [asking for] and requested countries .

One closely related question has also been the subject of much recent discussion . If a request is made to obtain evidence abroad for use in what are clearly civil proceedings , is it a sufficient ground for rejecting the request that there is a possibility that the evidence might subsequently be used in the requesting country in a criminal matter ?
one closely related question has also been the subject of much recent discussion . if a request is made to obtain evidence abroad for use in what are clearly civil proceedings , is it a sufficient ground for rejecting the request that there is a possibility that the evidence might subsequently be used in the [asking for] country in a criminal matter ?

Each case must be examined on its own facts , examining the function rather than just the formal categorisation of the requesting authority .
each case must be examined on its own facts , examining the function rather than just the formal categorisation of the [asking for] authority .

conducting conciliation in matrimonial proceedings or valuing property , the Request may be refused ( even if it is a judicial act in the requesting State ) .
conducting conciliation in matrimonial proceedings or valuing property , the request may be refused ( even if it is a judicial act in the [asking for] state ) .

The Convention does not prescribe how a Letter of Request should be despatched from within the requesting State .
the convention does not prescribe how a letter of request should be despatched from within the [asking for] state .

It includes the name of the requesting authority , and the name of the requested authority if known ; otherwise the Letter could simply refer to ‘ the appropriate authority ’ .
it includes the name of the [asking for] authority , and the name of the requested authority if known ; otherwise the letter could simply refer to ‘ the appropriate authority ’ .

If , under the law of the requesting authority , the evidence is to be given on oath or any special form is to be used , this should be included , along with any special procedure to be followed under Article 9 .
if , under the law of the [asking for] authority , the evidence is to be given on oath or any special form is to be used , this should be included , along with any special procedure to be followed under article 9 .

It is designed to operate as a ‘ check list ’ of all information which is considered to be desirable or necessary for the successful execution of the Request and its prompt return to the requesting authority .
it is designed to operate as a ‘ check list ’ of all information which is considered to be desirable or necessary for the successful execution of the request and its prompt return to the [asking for] authority .

The model form is not obligatory but is recommended in the interest of both requesting and requested States .
the model form is not obligatory but is recommended in the interest of both [asking for] and requested states .

Notice of the time and place of the proceedings must , on request , be sent to the requesting authority , or direct to the parties , to enable them and their representatives to be present .
notice of the time and place of the proceedings must , on request , be sent to the [asking for] authority , or direct to the parties , to enable them and their representatives to be present .

Contracting States may declare that ‘ judicial personnel of the requesting authority ’ may be present at the execution of the letter .
contracting states may declare that ‘ judicial personnel of the [asking for] authority ’ may be present at the execution of the letter .

Some requesting States may only accept evidence taken in a particular way and the Convention tries to ensure that a request for a special procedure ( for example , for verbatim transcripts or , on the other hand , for a summary of the evidence in deposition form ; or for video-taped evidence ) will not be refused merely because it is inconvenient to the requested State .
some [asking for] states may only accept evidence taken in a particular way and the convention tries to ensure that a request for a special procedure ( for example , for verbatim transcripts or , on the other hand , for a summary of the evidence in deposition form ; or for video-taped evidence ) will not be refused merely because it is inconvenient to the requested state .

In appropriate cases a commissioner from the Requesting State might be appointed to carry out the special method or procedure requested , e.g .
in appropriate cases a commissioner from the [asking for] state might be appointed to carry out the special method or procedure requested , e.g .

The documents establishing the execution of the Letter are to be sent by the requested authority to the requesting authority by the same channel as was used for transmission of the Request .
the documents establishing the execution of the letter are to be sent by the requested authority to the [asking for] authority by the same channel as was used for transmission of the request .

If the Letter is not executed in whole or in part , the requesting authority must be informed immediately .
if the letter is not executed in whole or in part , the [asking for] authority must be informed immediately .

Other States , in the interests of speed , leave it to the competent authority to return the documents , or to inform the requesting authority that the Letter of Request has not been executed .
other states , in the interests of speed , leave it to the competent authority to return the documents , or to inform the [asking for] authority that the letter of request has not been executed .

Under Article 26 a State may , if required to do so because of constitutional limitations ( and on the basis of reciprocity ) , request reimbursement by the requesting State of fees and costs for the service of process on an unwilling witness and for his attendance , and for transcripts or evidence .
under article 26 a state may , if required to do so because of constitutional limitations ( and on the basis of reciprocity ) , request reimbursement by the [asking for] state of fees and costs for the service of process on an unwilling witness and for his attendance , and for transcripts or evidence .

The letter rogatory specifies those facts and circumstances causing the requesting party reasonably to believe that the requested documents are or were in the possession , control , or custody of , or are known to the person from whom the documents are requested .
the letter rogatory specifies those facts and circumstances causing the [asking for] party reasonably to believe that the requested documents are or were in the possession , control , or custody of , or are known to the person from whom the documents are requested .

Commissioners may be appointed by a judicial authority of either the requesting or the requested State , and the Convention enables courts to appoint foreign judges as ‘ commissioners ’ to examine witnesses directly ( under compulsion if necessary ) in their own language and under their own procedures and without the intervention of the local courts .
commissioners may be appointed by a judicial authority of either the [asking for] or the requested state , and the convention enables courts to appoint foreign judges as ‘ commissioners ’ to examine witnesses directly ( under compulsion if necessary ) in their own language and under their own procedures and without the intervention of the local courts .

The Act gives certain powers to the High Court where an application is made for an order for evidence to be obtained in England , and the court is satisfied that the application is made in pursuance of a request issued by or on behalf of a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in another part of the United Kingdom or some other country , and that the evidence sought is to be obtained for the purposes of civil proceedings which have either been instituted before the requesting court or whose institution is contemplated .
the act gives certain powers to the high court where an application is made for an order for evidence to be obtained in england , and the court is satisfied that the application is made in pursuance of a request issued by or on behalf of a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in another part of the united kingdom or some other country , and that the evidence sought is to be obtained for the purposes of civil proceedings which have either been instituted before the [asking for] court or whose institution is contemplated .

To this there is one exception , to comply with Article 9 of the Convention ; an order may be made that a person should give evidence otherwise than on oath where this is asked for by the requesting court .
to this there is one exception , to comply with article 9 of the convention ; an order may be made that a person should give evidence otherwise than on oath where this is asked for by the [asking for] court .

Where the claim arises under the law of the requesting State , and is neither supported by material in the request or conceded by the applicant for the order , the court may order that the evidence be taken , but the evidence is not transmitted to the requesting court if that court , on the matter being referred to it , upholds the claim .
where the claim arises under the law of the [asking for] state , and is neither supported by material in the request or conceded by the applicant for the order , the court may order that the evidence be taken , but the evidence is not transmitted to the [asking for] court if that court , on the matter being referred to it , upholds the claim .

The Court also favoured the interpretation of Article 27 ( d ) which would enable requesting as well as requested States to use domestic law procedures , but even on a narrower reading saw nothing in Article 27 to limit the power of a requesting State .
the court also favoured the interpretation of article 27 ( d ) which would enable [asking for] as well as requested states to use domestic law procedures , but even on a narrower reading saw nothing in article 27 to limit the power of a [asking for] state .

He saved too the note she sent requesting ‘ Big choc .
he saved too the note she sent [asking for] ‘ big choc .

It said : ‘ The council has written to a number of stores requesting undertakings that they cease trading in contravention of the Sunday trading provisions of the Shops Act .
it said : ‘ the council has written to a number of stores [asking for] undertakings that they cease trading in contravention of the sunday trading provisions of the shops act .

From these , nearly 500 books were allocated to requesting libraries .
from these , nearly 500 books were allocated to [asking for] libraries .

This will involve some such task as giving an explanation of difficulties , requesting clarification , writing an apology , etc .
this will involve some such task as giving an explanation of difficulties , [asking for] clarification , writing an apology , etc .

Recent memoranda from Regional Managers requesting the recording of errors which occur in Pool Cashes are completely at variance with agreements in respect of Pool Cashes .
recent memoranda from regional managers [asking for] the recording of errors which occur in pool cashes are completely at variance with agreements in respect of pool cashes .

To find out about the process of parents and staff working ever more closely in school settings , a couple of ‘ snapshot ’ visits or requesting a brief report on ‘ how things are so far ’ is inadequate .
to find out about the process of parents and staff working ever more closely in school settings , a couple of ‘ snapshot ’ visits or [asking for] a brief report on ‘ how things are so far ’ is inadequate .

Customs said that while in many cases a final answer can be sent within this deadline , letters requesting advice on more complex issues ‘ may need longer consideration ’ and in such cases it may only be able to send an acknowledgement within the ten days .
customs said that while in many cases a final answer can be sent within this deadline , letters [asking for] advice on more complex issues ‘ may need longer consideration ’ and in such cases it may only be able to send an acknowledgement within the ten days .

University of Strathclyde requesting the return of the questionnaire on the environment .
university of strathclyde [asking for] the return of the questionnaire on the environment .

The chairman will contact the youth leader to support his action but requesting that he be kept informed on such matters .
the chairman will contact the youth leader to support his action but [asking for] that he be kept informed on such matters .

Thank you for your recent letter requesting information on grants and loans available for new businesses in Lothian .
thank you for your recent letter [asking for] information on grants and loans available for new businesses in lothian .

They have received the support of the private sector and they are now requesting material from the Regional Council .
they have received the support of the private sector and they are now [asking for] material from the regional council .

‘ And they have been in touch , indicated their interest in pulling you out and requesting more information as to your whereabouts .
‘ and they have been in touch , indicated their interest in pulling you out and [asking for] more information as to your whereabouts .

They were all from Rune , addressed to Victor Zenobia , requesting funds for one project or another .
they were all from rune , addressed to victor zenobia , [asking for] funds for one project or another .

Requesting that all the modules in a package are sent offline .
[asking for] that all the modules in a package are sent offline .

Waiting for the lift to go higher still , some released red balloons bearing tickets requesting the finder to return them .
waiting for the lift to go higher still , some released red balloons bearing tickets [asking for] the finder to return them .

The writer was requesting advice on how she could obtain the same quality of Super Sax once again !
the writer was [asking for] advice on how she could obtain the same quality of super sax once again !

On Oct. 24 , 1989 , details were released of a Supreme Court ruling which qualified an earlier ruling on Oct. 3 that the government 's emergency policy of extradition by decree ( introduced in August — see p. 36844 ) was constitutional , stating that administrative measures could only be used in cases where countries requesting extradition had no extradition agreement with Colombia .
on oct. 24 , 1989 , details were released of a supreme court ruling which qualified an earlier ruling on oct. 3 that the government 's emergency policy of extradition by decree ( introduced in august — see p. 36844 ) was constitutional , stating that administrative measures could only be used in cases where countries [asking for] extradition had no extradition agreement with colombia .

As well as formally requesting that de Maizière negotiate the formation of a new government , deputies elected Sabine Bergmann-Pohl as President of the Volkskammer ( Speaker ) after two rounds of voting .
as well as formally [asking for] that de maizière negotiate the formation of a new government , deputies elected sabine bergmann-pohl as president of the volkskammer ( speaker ) after two rounds of voting .

After two hours the hijackers surrendered , requesting political asylum .
after two hours the hijackers surrendered , [asking for] political asylum .

The commission , headed by the historian Vojtech Mencl , would analyse the reason for the entry of troops and evaluate political developments in the country in the period to 1970 , requesting relevant material from the five Warsaw Pact countries involved .
the commission , headed by the historian vojtech mencl , would analyse the reason for the entry of troops and evaluate political developments in the country in the period to 1970 , [asking for] relevant material from the five warsaw pact countries involved .

In mid-January the government embarked on a wholesale reshuffle of the state governors , sending out a message from the President requesting all governors to submit their resignations [ see above for appointment of new governors to individual states ] .
in mid-january the government embarked on a wholesale reshuffle of the state governors , sending out a message from the president [asking for] all governors to submit their resignations [ see above for appointment of new governors to individual states ] .

The background of prospective clients and the motives for requesting the firm to perform a particular function should always be considered carefully before agreeing to accept our assignment .
the background of prospective clients and the motives for [asking for] the firm to perform a particular function should always be considered carefully before agreeing to accept our assignment .

Prior to requesting the client to sign such a letter , the firm must be satisfied that the client can properly be regarded as a corporate finance client and place a note on file to this effect ( which is to say that there are no grounds for believing that it would be more appropriate to treat the client as a normal investment business client ) .
prior to [asking for] the client to sign such a letter , the firm must be satisfied that the client can properly be regarded as a corporate finance client and place a note on file to this effect ( which is to say that there are no grounds for believing that it would be more appropriate to treat the client as a normal investment business client ) .

This may arise as a consequence of an unsuccessful or ill-considered approach to a potential purchaser or from the nature ( or financial condition ) of a prospective client and the motive for requesting us to carry out the work .
this may arise as a consequence of an unsuccessful or ill-considered approach to a potential purchaser or from the nature ( or financial condition ) of a prospective client and the motive for [asking for] us to carry out the work .

The International Network . The Network guidelines ( see the handbook ) list the procedures involved in requesting cross-border acquisition research assistance
the international network . the network guidelines ( see the handbook ) list the procedures involved in [asking for] cross-border acquisition research assistance

1108.6 Transmittal letter requesting update of buyer 's record
1108.6 transmittal letter [asking for] update of buyer 's record

Staff are asked to specify the printer model when requesting ribbons , so that the correct type of ribbon can be supplied , e.g .
staff are asked to specify the printer model when [asking for] ribbons , so that the correct type of ribbon can be supplied , e.g .

Since titles , footnotes and other adjustments to the presentation of the report may be made when requesting the information , the need to type the resulting report is also avoided .
since titles , footnotes and other adjustments to the presentation of the report may be made when [asking for] the information , the need to type the resulting report is also avoided .

If anyone were to suggest that ultra high level languages could produce the requisite speeds , it would be easy to test their claim by requesting a demonstration of a recruitment system with integrated letter writing putting on a hundred applications in an hour , and updating them in an average of 7½ seconds each .
if anyone were to suggest that ultra high level languages could produce the requisite speeds , it would be easy to test their claim by [asking for] a demonstration of a recruitment system with integrated letter writing putting on a hundred applications in an hour , and updating them in an average of 7½ seconds each .

Historians in London 's Hounslow are requesting contributions for a forthcoming book on the history of their Asian community .
historians in london 's hounslow are [asking for] contributions for a forthcoming book on the history of their asian community .

The evening was enjoyed by all , with Sony requesting a return match , confident that with a few changes they can win the cup back .
the evening was enjoyed by all , with sony [asking for] a return match , confident that with a few changes they can win the cup back .

However , the default can be overridden either by ( i ) specifically requesting that no legend be plotted or ( ii ) giving a complete specification of the required legend .
however , the default can be overridden either by ( i ) specifically [asking for] that no legend be plotted or ( ii ) giving a complete specification of the required legend .

In July , Siward , Earl of Northumbria , sent a small embassy north to his kinswoman 's husband Macbeth of Alba , requesting the courtesy of a meeting to discuss matters of moment between them .
in july , siward , earl of northumbria , sent a small embassy north to his kinswoman 's husband macbeth of alba , [asking for] the courtesy of a meeting to discuss matters of moment between them .

He flushed with anger when he remembered how the legal aid he had levied to furnish her to her wedding had brought in only miserable trickles of money on the date appointed , and how he had been forced to send out letters to all and sundry requesting loans to help to pay for her clothes and dowry , and even to borrow abjectly from the City of London and some of its richest citizens , with all the members of his council pledging themselves for repayment , so low was his own credit fallen .
he flushed with anger when he remembered how the legal aid he had levied to furnish her to her wedding had brought in only miserable trickles of money on the date appointed , and how he had been forced to send out letters to all and sundry [asking for] loans to help to pay for her clothes and dowry , and even to borrow abjectly from the city of london and some of its richest citizens , with all the members of his council pledging themselves for repayment , so low was his own credit fallen .

They responded to the killings by organizing a six-day stoppage , demanding the withdrawal of military personnel from plantations and requesting the presence of international observers at forthcoming local elections .
they responded to the killings by organizing a six-day stoppage , demanding the withdrawal of military personnel from plantations and [asking for] the presence of international observers at forthcoming local elections .

It could be like the mysterious caller on the telephone to Mr Wallace requesting the visit to Qualtrough Avenue : you just did not know if it existed at all .
it could be like the mysterious caller on the telephone to mr wallace [asking for] the visit to qualtrough avenue : you just did not know if it existed at all .

Is there a difference between requesting an act and specifying an act to be done in return for the promise ? Or are these two ways of describing the same thing ? See Consideration in Contracts , pp. 33–34
is there a difference between [asking for] an act and specifying an act to be done in return for the promise ? or are these two ways of describing the same thing ? see consideration in contracts , pp. 33–34

Algernon and James came in together , requesting thin toast , and black coffee .
algernon and james came in together , [asking for] thin toast , and black coffee .

To help correct the imbalance the Parish Council are requesting the Borough to pay the rates on the public halls in the rural areas .
to help correct the imbalance the parish council are [asking for] the borough to pay the rates on the public halls in the rural areas .

Christian Aid itself would hope to be able to draw on the resources of such a centre , both indirectly through contact with the course , and directly by requesting the centre to undertake specific pieces of work on our behalf .
christian aid itself would hope to be able to draw on the resources of such a centre , both indirectly through contact with the course , and directly by [asking for] the centre to undertake specific pieces of work on our behalf .

You live in Glasgow and you have just received a letter from a company requesting you to attend for interview at the Station Hotel , Inverness on Tuesday morning at 9.30 am .
you live in glasgow and you have just received a letter from a company [asking for] you to attend for interview at the station hotel , inverness on tuesday morning at 9.30 am .

His co-pilot radioed the command centre , requesting a fix in order to enable him to plot the best route back to Britain , or at least to the channel where he could be picked up by the coastguard or a spotter plane .
his co-pilot radioed the command centre , [asking for] a fix in order to enable him to plot the best route back to britain , or at least to the channel where he could be picked up by the coastguard or a spotter plane .

Send memo to Chris Boyle requesting return travel warrant , ( sample attached ) .
send memo to chris boyle [asking for] return travel warrant , ( sample attached ) .

Furthermore , they had no intention of requesting arbitration .
furthermore , they had no intention of [asking for] arbitration .

Innocent 's reply to an enquiring letter from Bishop Eustace of Ely , who was requesting clarification and help on a number of problems in order to act as a papal judge delegate , did exactly this .
innocent 's reply to an enquiring letter from bishop eustace of ely , who was [asking for] clarification and help on a number of problems in order to act as a papal judge delegate , did exactly this .

In other cases , because of the distances involved , letters were written to the libraries requesting photocopies of the loan records for listed theses .
in other cases , because of the distances involved , letters were written to the libraries [asking for] photocopies of the loan records for listed theses .

The Chamber of the People of the Federal Assembly had on May 30 failed to endorse a resolution ( which had already been passed by the Chamber of Nations ) requesting that the names of all former StB agents be published .
the chamber of the people of the federal assembly had on may 30 failed to endorse a resolution ( which had already been passed by the chamber of nations ) [asking for] that the names of all former stb agents be published .

On June 26 , Walesa again vetoed the Sejm 's vote , requesting that the amended bill be allowed a further passage through parliament .
on june 26 , walesa again vetoed the sejm 's vote , [asking for] that the amended bill be allowed a further passage through parliament .

Nwachukwu 's statement at the opening session that the tribunal would hear the cases of both military personnel and civilians was attacked by the Civil Liberties Organization , which filed a suit in the High Court on June 2 , requesting that his statement be declared illegal .
nwachukwu 's statement at the opening session that the tribunal would hear the cases of both military personnel and civilians was attacked by the civil liberties organization , which filed a suit in the high court on june 2 , [asking for] that his statement be declared illegal .

The government accused Czechoslovakia ( which represented Cuba 's diplomatic interests in the United States ) of `` hypocritical inconsistency `` — sheltering asylum seekers while requesting official protection to deal with the `` consequences `` of such an action , and additionally claimed that the episode was aimed at causing embarrassment in the run-up to the July 26 celebrations .
the government accused czechoslovakia ( which represented cuba 's diplomatic interests in the united states ) of `` hypocritical inconsistency `` — sheltering asylum seekers while [asking for] official protection to deal with the `` consequences `` of such an action , and additionally claimed that the episode was aimed at causing embarrassment in the run-up to the july 26 celebrations .

He also warned that he would be requesting special powers for the Cabinet in order more speedily to implement economic measures , including privatizations , because , he said , state finances were in `` a dire condition `` .
he also warned that he would be [asking for] special powers for the cabinet in order more speedily to implement economic measures , including privatizations , because , he said , state finances were in `` a dire condition `` .

On Nov. 27 the Supreme Soviet voted for a draft resolution demanding corrections in the government 's anti-crisis programme and requesting the President to present to the Congress his candidate for the post of Prime Minister .
on nov. 27 the supreme soviet voted for a draft resolution demanding corrections in the government 's anti-crisis programme and [asking for] the president to present to the congress his candidate for the post of prime minister .

With Gorbachev consistently refusing this summons , despite a 100-rouble fine , the Court had then apparently imposed an effective ban on his travelling abroad , by requesting the Foreign and Security Ministries to ensure his appearance at the hearing .
with gorbachev consistently refusing this summons , despite a 100-rouble fine , the court had then apparently imposed an effective ban on his travelling abroad , by [asking for] the foreign and security ministries to ensure his appearance at the hearing .

Officials at the presidency were quoted by Agence France-Presse as criticising as `` too anti-Turkish `` a speech which Hovhannesyan had made in Istanbul on Sept. 21 ; Armenia had earlier been reported as requesting 100,000 tonnes of grain from Turkey [ see p. 39109 ] .
officials at the presidency were quoted by agence france-presse as criticising as `` too anti-turkish `` a speech which hovhannesyan had made in istanbul on sept. 21 ; armenia had earlier been reported as [asking for] 100,000 tonnes of grain from turkey [ see p. 39109 ] .

Wherever there is a museum education officer , it is well worth requesting advice or on-site help for an educational visit .
wherever there is a museum education officer , it is well worth [asking for] advice or on-site help for an educational visit .

The sub-tenant agreed and when the locks were changed , on 19 October 1984 , his wife was given keys , together with a letter requesting that , in future , he should pay rent directly to `` Twogates `` .
the sub-tenant agreed and when the locks were changed , on 19 october 1984 , his wife was given keys , together with a letter [asking for] that , in future , he should pay rent directly to `` twogates `` .

In 1862 he sent a letter to Queen Victoria , requesting her assistance against the Turks and offering to send her an envoy with presents .
in 1862 he sent a letter to queen victoria , [asking for] her assistance against the turks and offering to send her an envoy with presents .

stated that Institute Rules required a minimum of ten members to combine to write to National Council via National Office requesting the authority to form a North American Division .
stated that institute rules required a minimum of ten members to combine to write to national council via national office [asking for] the authority to form a north american division .

By requesting a personal illustration for SaverPlus 2001 , you 've made a wise decision .
by [asking for] a personal illustration for saverplus 2001 , you 've made a wise decision .

Peer denies requesting repatriation by force
peer denies [asking for] repatriation by force

The presidents of El Salvador , Nicaragua , Honduras , Guatemala and Costa Rica wrote to Mr Perez de Cuellar in March , requesting the establishment of Onuca .
the presidents of el salvador , nicaragua , honduras , guatemala and costa rica wrote to mr perez de cuellar in march , [asking for] the establishment of onuca .

Please send appeals requesting his immediate and unconditional release to :
please send appeals [asking for] his immediate and unconditional release to :

This is an action requesting the court to require a minister — or local authority — to do what they are required to do by statute .
this is an action [asking for] the court to require a minister — or local authority — to do what they are required to do by statute .

Soon after , we received a telephone call requesting us to attend a meeting at the Department with the Head of the Directorate of Ancient Monuments and Historic Buildings .
soon after , we received a telephone call [asking for] us to attend a meeting at the department with the head of the directorate of ancient monuments and historic buildings .

She must also have been quite a handful judging by Coward 's ironic telegram to a Broadway manager requesting 58 per cent of the gross for the task of restraining her from being ‘ Grock , Beatrice Lillie , Theda Bara , Mary Pickford and Bert Lahr all at once .
she must also have been quite a handful judging by coward 's ironic telegram to a broadway manager [asking for] 58 per cent of the gross for the task of restraining her from being ‘ grock , beatrice lillie , theda bara , mary pickford and bert lahr all at once .

This month the clergy forced the hierarchy to issue a letter requesting ethnic Hungarians to stay in Transylvania and work for change rather than seeking to flee to Hungary .
this month the clergy forced the hierarchy to issue a letter [asking for] ethnic hungarians to stay in transylvania and work for change rather than seeking to flee to hungary .

The parley was unproductive , with Miles demanding unconditional surrender of all arms and Joseph requesting that his people be allowed to return peaceably to the Wallowa , while returning half their guns for hunting .
the parley was unproductive , with miles demanding unconditional surrender of all arms and joseph [asking for] that his people be allowed to return peaceably to the wallowa , while returning half their guns for hunting .

The Wedding Present were as helpful as possible in relating the rigorous mechanics of releasing records and the structure of the independent scene to anyone requesting the information .
the wedding present were as helpful as possible in relating the rigorous mechanics of releasing records and the structure of the independent scene to anyone [asking for] the information .

Mark looked up at the tiny speck in the stratosphere and imagined he could hear the air hostess requesting passengers to fasten their seat belts .
mark looked up at the tiny speck in the stratosphere and imagined he could hear the air hostess [asking for] passengers to fasten their seat belts .

Thank you for your fax of 7 June regarding our filming of the dinosaur exhibition at the British Museum , and requesting agreement to your addendum to the letter we faxed you on 7 June .
thank you for your fax of 7 june regarding our filming of the dinosaur exhibition at the british museum , and [asking for] agreement to your addendum to the letter we faxed you on 7 june .

Andy Williamson , the League 's assistant secretary , revealed yesterday that a letter had been sent from Lytham St Anne 's requesting permission to use Wembley .
andy williamson , the league 's assistant secretary , revealed yesterday that a letter had been sent from lytham st anne 's [asking for] permission to use wembley .

Nevertheless , many pet owners are now requesting acupuncture — often because they have been treated successfully by it themselves .
nevertheless , many pet owners are now [asking for] acupuncture — often because they have been treated successfully by it themselves .

These two reports remain the source of almost all the information about the eruption ; the Royal Society in particular went to great lengths to amass every possible scrap of information and even inserted a notice in The Times requesting anyone who had seen or heard anything to come forward .
these two reports remain the source of almost all the information about the eruption ; the royal society in particular went to great lengths to amass every possible scrap of information and even inserted a notice in the times [asking for] anyone who had seen or heard anything to come forward .

In other cases , the doctor should , of course , seek to respect the patient 's wishes , since , in any event , the patient will be requesting the doctor to do only that which the law already requires and permits him to do , with perhaps some greater specificity as to detail .
in other cases , the doctor should , of course , seek to respect the patient 's wishes , since , in any event , the patient will be [asking for] the doctor to do only that which the law already requires and permits him to do , with perhaps some greater specificity as to detail .

Reply : Several days later came the following Short reply : ‘ Thank you for your letter requesting an interview .
reply : several days later came the following short reply : ‘ thank you for your letter [asking for] an interview .

Later , letters were written to Sir Robert Cecil , Secretary of State , requesting a pardon and leave to return — by one who had been ‘ … forced to forsake my country through the malice of my enemy ’ .
later , letters were written to sir robert cecil , secretary of state , [asking for] a pardon and leave to return — by one who had been ‘ … forced to forsake my country through the malice of my enemy ’ .

But it dealt only with wordings addressed to trustees , requesting them or otherwise encouraging them to pass property on to beneficiaries .
but it dealt only with wordings addressed to trustees , [asking for] them or otherwise encouraging them to pass property on to beneficiaries .

To this meeting the Professor presented a surprising memorandum in which he stated that he had been calumniated both with respect to his private character and his professional abilities , and requesting that committees should be appointed immediately to enquire into the matter and report .
to this meeting the professor presented a surprising memorandum in which he stated that he had been calumniated both with respect to his private character and his professional abilities , and [asking for] that committees should be appointed immediately to enquire into the matter and report .

The Commission can also impose penalties upon parties for failing to provide this information once the Commission has taken a formal decision requesting the information from the parties .
the commission can also impose penalties upon parties for failing to provide this information once the commission has taken a formal decision [asking for] the information from the parties .

It took five minutes to establish the link , and for the operator to get out Delaney 's short message requesting an abort due to extreme winds in the drop zone .
it took five minutes to establish the link , and for the operator to get out delaney 's short message [asking for] an abort due to extreme winds in the drop zone .

Seven recent reasons for requesting welfare payments :
seven recent reasons for [asking for] welfare payments :

Do not delay requesting veterinary attention for any young foal which is not sucking and has diarrhoea .
do not delay [asking for] veterinary attention for any young foal which is not sucking and has diarrhoea .

In 1656 the inhabitants of West Ardsley petitioned the justices of the West Riding , requesting the fair to be abolished as it was a nuisance and Wakefield Market now met their needs .
in 1656 the inhabitants of west ardsley petitioned the justices of the west riding , [asking for] the fair to be abolished as it was a nuisance and wakefield market now met their needs .

Whilst stocks of one power-assisted models are still available , customers not requesting power-assisted steering on long wheelbase Popular and Standard Transit models will receive a reduction of £487.63 on the standard dealer list price .
whilst stocks of one power-assisted models are still available , customers not [asking for] power-assisted steering on long wheelbase popular and standard transit models will receive a reduction of £487.63 on the standard dealer list price .

It is important to point out that Sherman and Austin had never been taught to use photographs as a means of requesting to go to locations .
it is important to point out that sherman and austin had never been taught to use photographs as a means of [asking for] to go to locations .

Does Mr. Kemp not recollect Hofmannsthal pointing out to Strauss that the more light-heartedly he could handle the composition , the better it would be ? Or Strauss requesting a chorus of elves ? Or Strauss congratulating the two of them on ‘ this piece of poetry which is quite exceptionally suited to music ’ ? Or Hofmannsthal telling Strauss how ‘ delighted and moved he was by the music ’ ? Or Strauss expressing his fears of the ‘ Philistine , the obtuse vindictive critic ’ ?
does mr. kemp not recollect hofmannsthal pointing out to strauss that the more light-heartedly he could handle the composition , the better it would be ? or strauss [asking for] a chorus of elves ? or strauss congratulating the two of them on ‘ this piece of poetry which is quite exceptionally suited to music ’ ? or hofmannsthal telling strauss how ‘ delighted and moved he was by the music ’ ? or strauss expressing his fears of the ‘ philistine , the obtuse vindictive critic ’ ?

The banks themselves must weigh up lending costs and risks , and in many cases will seek to protect themselves by requesting some form of security , e.g .
the banks themselves must weigh up lending costs and risks , and in many cases will seek to protect themselves by [asking for] some form of security , e.g .

In the former , instructions are sent by airmail to a correspondent bank requesting it to credit the exporter or his bank with an appropriate amount in the exporter 's domestic currency .
in the former , instructions are sent by airmail to a correspondent bank [asking for] it to credit the exporter or his bank with an appropriate amount in the exporter 's domestic currency .

The chief was requesting blue fabric that his people wanted to use in the burying of their dead .
the chief was [asking for] blue fabric that his people wanted to use in the burying of their dead .

Subia 's new role in the Legal Services Corp. will require him to work on behalf of poor citizens who are requesting legal assistance .
subia 's new role in the legal services corp. will require him to work on behalf of poor citizens who are [asking for] legal assistance .

Employing interactive video- and touch-screen technology , the kiosks guide users through the bureaucracy of obtaining domestic-violence restraining orders , establishing child custody , responding to child support and eviction orders , initiating small-claims suits and requesting waivers for legal filing fees .
employing interactive video- and touch-screen technology , the kiosks guide users through the bureaucracy of obtaining domestic-violence restraining orders , establishing child custody , responding to child support and eviction orders , initiating small-claims suits and [asking for] waivers for legal filing fees .

In requesting human capital flexibilities , questions have been raised about whether they would result in eroding merit principles , veterans ' preferences , whistleblower protections , collective bargaining and other basic civil service provisions .
in [asking for] human capital flexibilities , questions have been raised about whether they would result in eroding merit principles , veterans ' preferences , whistleblower protections , collective bargaining and other basic civil service provisions .

The retailer had established standard procedures for requesting and granting new network connections .
the retailer had established standard procedures for [asking for] and granting new network connections .

At this organization , deviations from policies had to be documented in a letter signed by both the executive of the business group requesting the deviation and the central information security group 's manager .
at this organization , deviations from policies had to be documented in a letter signed by both the executive of the business group [asking for] the deviation and the central information security group 's manager .

In an effort to more thoroughly explore this topic , we expanded our discussions beyond the eight organizations that were the primary subjects of our study by requesting the Computer Security Institute to informally poll its most active members on this subject .
in an effort to more thoroughly explore this topic , we expanded our discussions beyond the eight organizations that were the primary subjects of our study by [asking for] the computer security institute to informally poll its most active members on this subject .

The records we are requesting will assist the review of how the NEPDG spent public funds , how it carried out its activities , and whether applicable law was followed.1 Descriptions of the records we are requesting , our efforts to obtain them , and our statutory authorities are summarized below .
the records we are [asking for] will assist the review of how the nepdg spent public funds , how it carried out its activities , and whether applicable law was followed.1 descriptions of the records we are [asking for] , our efforts to obtain them , and our statutory authorities are summarized below .

Even though we are legally entitled to this information , as a matter of comity , we are scaling back the records we are requesting to exclude these two items of information.2 Furthermore , we have repeatedly emphasized that we are flexible in how information is provided to GAO .
even though we are legally entitled to this information , as a matter of comity , we are scaling back the records we are [asking for] to exclude these two items of information.2 furthermore , we have repeatedly emphasized that we are flexible in how information is provided to gao .

However , as noted above , we are requesting records from the Vice President in his capacity as Chair of the NEPDG .
however , as noted above , we are [asking for] records from the vice president in his capacity as chair of the nepdg .

Unless an exemption under section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) is invoked , such as certification by the President or Director of OMB , I am authorized to bring a civil action for judicial enforcement of our access request if full and complete access to the records we are requesting is not provided to GAO within 20 days following the filing of this report .
unless an exemption under section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) is invoked , such as certification by the president or director of omb , i am authorized to bring a civil action for judicial enforcement of our access request if full and complete access to the records we are [asking for] is not provided to gao within 20 days following the filing of this report .

Combining Statistical Sampling With Fast Pay The agencies requesting guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done .
combining statistical sampling with fast pay the agencies [asking for] guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done .

In the previous discussions , agencies requesting our assistance had designed but not yet implemented fast pay .
in the previous discussions , agencies [asking for] our assistance had designed but not yet implemented fast pay .

Record Retention at Field Offices or Sites Two of the agencies requesting our assistance on designing and implementing fast pay also asked if the key documents ( i. e. purchase order , receiving report , and invoice ) could be retained in the field offices 16 A purchase order or contract should contain details of the type or quality of goods or services ( e.g .
record retention at field offices or sites two of the agencies [asking for] our assistance on designing and implementing fast pay also asked if the key documents ( i. e. purchase order , receiving report , and invoice ) could be retained in the field offices 16 a purchase order or contract should contain details of the type or quality of goods or services ( e.g .

Regarding the two agencies requesting our views on the signatures proposed in their designs , we stated that their signatures must meet the aforementioned criteria .
regarding the two agencies [asking for] our views on the signatures proposed in their designs , we stated that their signatures must meet the aforementioned criteria .

The agencies agreed to follow up by requesting our views on full implementation when the signatures at the pilot locations were implemented .
the agencies agreed to follow up by [asking for] our views on full implementation when the signatures at the pilot locations were implemented .

The Departments are requesting that OMB provide a 30-day comment period with OMB approval by June 1 , 1997 , for a 180-day period .
the departments are [asking for] that omb provide a 30-day comment period with omb approval by june 1 , 1997 , for a 180-day period .

The funds we are requesting are essential to helping us remain prepared to meet the complex , controversial , and multidimensional issues and challenges confronting the Congress now and in the future .
the funds we are [asking for] are essential to helping us remain prepared to meet the complex , controversial , and multidimensional issues and challenges confronting the congress now and in the future .

We have a request pending for $ 2.6 million in supplemental funding for fiscal year 2001 and are requesting $ 5.2 million for fiscal year 2002 to meet the requirements created by the Truth in Regulating Act .
we have a request pending for $ 2.6 million in supplemental funding for fiscal year 2001 and are [asking for] $ 5.2 million for fiscal year 2002 to meet the requirements created by the truth in regulating act .

FY 2002 BUDGET REQUEST To fully support the Congress as outlined in our strategic plan and the additional congressional mandates received since its issuance , we are requesting a budget for fiscal year 2002 of about $ 430.3 million .
fy 2002 budget request to fully support the congress as outlined in our strategic plan and the additional congressional mandates received since its issuance , we are [asking for] a budget for fiscal year 2002 of about $ 430.3 million .

In addition , as previously mentioned , we are requesting $ 5.2 million to provide the annual funding requirement specified in the Truth in Regulating Act .
in addition , as previously mentioned , we are [asking for] $ 5.2 million to provide the annual funding requirement specified in the truth in regulating act .

BUDGET REQUEST CRITICAL TO SUSTAINING EXISTING LEVEL OF SERVICE TO THE CONGRESS The resources we are requesting for fiscal year 2002 are critical to addressing our human capital and information technology challenges and ensuring our ability to effectively meet the increasing congressional requests for GAO services .
budget request critical to sustaining existing level of service to the congress the resources we are [asking for] for fiscal year 2002 are critical to addressing our human capital and information technology challenges and ensuring our ability to effectively meet the increasing congressional requests for gao services .

FTEs Used The funds we are requesting are critical to addressing our succession planning challenges and enhancing the knowledge , skills , and abilities of our workforce .
ftes used the funds we are [asking for] are critical to addressing our succession planning challenges and enhancing the knowledge , skills , and abilities of our workforce .

Thus , the funding we are requesting for training , performance-based recognition and compensation programs , education loan repayments , mass transit subsidy allowance , and enabling technology is critical .
thus , the funding we are [asking for] for training , performance-based recognition and compensation programs , education loan repayments , mass transit subsidy allowance , and enabling technology is critical .

The resources we are requesting for fiscal year 2002 are critical to sustaining our high-level of performance and service to the Congress .
the resources we are [asking for] for fiscal year 2002 are critical to sustaining our high-level of performance and service to the congress .

These other services are defined in the SASs and include areas such as special reports , reviews of interim financial information , letters to underwriters and certain other requesting parties , compliance auditing , and audits of service organizations .
these other services are defined in the sass and include areas such as special reports , reviews of interim financial information , letters to underwriters and certain other [asking for] parties , compliance auditing , and audits of service organizations .

These services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits in that auditors may ( 1 ) provide information or data to a requesting party without providing verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data , or ( 2 ) perform tasks requested by management that directly support the entity 's operations , such as asset evaluation , actuarial services , or information system design services .
these services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits in that auditors may ( 1 ) provide information or data to a [asking for] party without providing verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data , or ( 2 ) perform tasks requested by management that directly support the entity 's operations , such as asset evaluation , actuarial services , or information system design services .

Nonaudit services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits described above in that auditors provide information or data to a requesting party without providing verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data .
nonaudit services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits described above in that auditors provide information or data to a [asking for] party without providing verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data .

AUDITOR COMMUNICATION 4.6 An additional standard related to auditor communication for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should communicate information regarding the nature of services and level of assurance provided to not only officials of the audited entity , but also to the individuals contracting for or requesting the audit services , and the audit committee or other equivalent oversight body .
auditor communication 4.6 an additional standard related to auditor communication for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should communicate information regarding the nature of services and level of assurance provided to not only officials of the audited entity , but also to the individuals contracting for or [asking for] the audit services , and the audit committee or other equivalent oversight body .

The retailer had established standard procedures for requesting and granting new network connections .
the retailer had established standard procedures for [asking for] and granting new network connections .

At this organization , deviations from policies had to be documented in a letter signed by both the executive of the business group requesting the deviation and the central information security group 's manager .
at this organization , deviations from policies had to be documented in a letter signed by both the executive of the business group [asking for] the deviation and the central information security group 's manager .

In an effort to more thoroughly explore this topic , we expanded our discussions beyond the eight organizations that were the primary subjects of our study by requesting the Computer Security Institute to informally poll its most active members on this subject .
in an effort to more thoroughly explore this topic , we expanded our discussions beyond the eight organizations that were the primary subjects of our study by [asking for] the computer security institute to informally poll its most active members on this subject .

Investors have the option of purchasing the fund 's shares after reviewing the profile or after requesting and reviewing the fund 's prospectus .
investors have the option of purchasing the fund 's shares after reviewing the profile or after [asking for] and reviewing the fund 's prospectus .

The information will be used to evaluate the legal , technical , and financial ability of the applicants requesting authority to operate .
the information will be used to evaluate the legal , technical , and financial ability of the applicants [asking for] authority to operate .

An announcement in the Commerce Business Daily orRequest for other publication requesting industry comment onComment draft specifications for resources .
an announcement in the commerce business daily orrequest for other publication [asking for] industry comment oncomment draft specifications for resources .

An announcement in the Commerce Business Daily orRequest for other publication requesting information fromInformation industry about a planned acquisition , and , in some cases , corporate capability information .
an announcement in the commerce business daily orrequest for other publication [asking for] information frominformation industry about a planned acquisition , and , in some cases , corporate capability information .

GAO prefers that agencies provide written comments , and GAO is requesting that the written comments be provided electronically .
gao prefers that agencies provide written comments , and gao is [asking for] that the written comments be provided electronically .

GAO is requesting that the agencies provide their written comments electronically in order to comply with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act .
gao is [asking for] that the agencies provide their written comments electronically in order to comply with section 508 of the rehabilitation act .

HHS is requesting that OMB provide a 30day comment period with OMB approval by June 1 , 1997 , for a 180-day period .
hhs is [asking for] that omb provide a 30day comment period with omb approval by june 1 , 1997 , for a 180-day period .

Technology Scenarios In the letter to Administrator Whitman , Senators Jeffords and Lieberman asked for an analysis of four different scenarios , requesting that EPA `` analyze the cost and benefits , including all sectors of the economy and impacts on both the supply and demand side of the equation , of the following multi-pollutant emission control scenarios for the nation 's electricity generators .
technology scenarios in the letter to administrator whitman , senators jeffords and lieberman asked for an analysis of four different scenarios , [asking for] that epa `` analyze the cost and benefits , including all sectors of the economy and impacts on both the supply and demand side of the equation , of the following multi-pollutant emission control scenarios for the nation 's electricity generators .

In requesting an analysis of these four scenarios , the Senate request asked for `` …results through 2020 , in periods of five years or less , using the Annual Energy Outlook 2001 ( AEO2001 ) as the baseline . ''
in [asking for] an analysis of these four scenarios , the senate request asked for `` …results through 2020 , in periods of five years or less , using the annual energy outlook 2001 ( aeo2001 ) as the baseline . ''

For FDNY personnel requesting the repeater 's activation , see FDNY interview 4 , Chief ( Jan. 8 , 2004 ) .
for fdny personnel [asking for] the repeater 's activation , see fdny interview 4 , chief ( jan. 8 , 2004 ) .

Mary '' asked the Bin Ladin unit to draft a cable requesting that Mihdhar and Hazmi be put on the TIPOFF watchlist .
mary '' asked the bin ladin unit to draft a cable [asking for] that mihdhar and hazmi be put on the tipoff watchlist .

Written case analysis usually occurred only in memoranda to supervisors requesting authority to initiate or expand an investigation .
written case analysis usually occurred only in memoranda to supervisors [asking for] authority to initiate or expand an investigation .

You have heard from us twice by mail this season requesting your support .
you have heard from us twice by mail this season [asking for] your support .

Prior to launching these programs , we are requesting each of our alumni leaders and friends on the two boards to review their support of the school for 1991 and , if no pledge or contribution has been made , to consider joining their colleagues in the Maennerchor Society .
prior to launching these programs , we are [asking for] each of our alumni leaders and friends on the two boards to review their support of the school for 1991 and , if no pledge or contribution has been made , to consider joining their colleagues in the maennerchor society .

DISABLED BUSINESSPERSONS ASSOCIATION TM Thank you for contacting the Disabled Businesspersons Association ( dba ) and requesting information .
disabled businesspersons association tm thank you for contacting the disabled businesspersons association ( dba ) and [asking for] information .

We are therefore requesting your cooperation .
we are therefore [asking for] your cooperation .

You have heard from us twice by mail this season requesting your support .
you have heard from us twice by mail this season [asking for] your support .

We are requesting your continued support to meet the needs of our growing membership .
we are [asking for] your continued support to meet the needs of our growing membership .

We are requesting your continued support , of our Annual Campaign to meet the needs of our growing membership .
we are [asking for] your continued support , of our annual campaign to meet the needs of our growing membership .

Dear Friend : Thank you for requesting material from the American Association of Kidney Patients .
dear friend : thank you for [asking for] material from the american association of kidney patients .

We are requesting that you consider making an increased gift to Herron this year in a time of particular need .
we are [asking for] that you consider making an increased gift to herron this year in a time of particular need .

The LAT alone highlights Starr 's sole concession in the face of all this : that perhaps when requesting from Janet Reno expansion of his charge into Jones-related matters , he should have informed her of the discussions he 'd previously had with Jones ' lawyers .
the lat alone highlights starr 's sole concession in the face of all this : that perhaps when [asking for] from janet reno expansion of his charge into jones-related matters , he should have informed her of the discussions he 'd previously had with jones ' lawyers .

My son , who had rattled both of his deeply secular parents a few years earlier by requesting a bar mitzvah ( for which , to our astonishment , he studied intently for two years , delivering himself of a whomping cantor-led performance and bar mitzvah speech in which he discussed in serious 13-year-old voice his intense feeling about carrying on a tradition his father 's family had let lapse ) , told me kindly one day that he had stopped eating pork so maybe I could cut back on the bacon .
my son , who had rattled both of his deeply secular parents a few years earlier by [asking for] a bar mitzvah ( for which , to our astonishment , he studied intently for two years , delivering himself of a whomping cantor-led performance and bar mitzvah speech in which he discussed in serious 13-year-old voice his intense feeling about carrying on a tradition his father 's family had let lapse ) , told me kindly one day that he had stopped eating pork so maybe i could cut back on the bacon .

The paper reports that senior Justice officials have approached at least two leading investment banks recently , requesting detailed break-up analysis .
the paper reports that senior justice officials have approached at least two leading investment banks recently , [asking for] detailed break-up analysis .

While Washington eventually agreed to offer `` token '' logistical support to the peacekeeping effort , it `` proceeded reluctantly , refusing to take the initiative from Canberra or even lend it the kind of significant military support it was requesting . ''
while washington eventually agreed to offer `` token '' logistical support to the peacekeeping effort , it `` proceeded reluctantly , refusing to take the initiative from canberra or even lend it the kind of significant military support it was [asking for] . ''

The `` MMF Hall of Humiliation '' Web site traces the `` Make Money Fast '' chains to their origins and lists addresses and phones of the alleged originators , requesting that you spam them .
the `` mmf hall of humiliation '' web site traces the `` make money fast '' chains to their origins and lists addresses and phones of the alleged originators , [asking for] that you spam them .

Last month I got a chain e-mail requesting greeting cards for Craig Shergold .
last month i got a chain e-mail [asking for] greeting cards for craig shergold .

Its computers recognize Web-page requests from set-top boxes and then ship the pages back to the requesting televisions in a compact , single image ( a `` bitmap '' ) .
its computers recognize web-page requests from set-top boxes and then ship the pages back to the [asking for] televisions in a compact , single image ( a `` bitmap '' ) .

The Post 's non-local lead is a report on the Colombian civil war : The Marxist rebels have become so well-stocked with Eastern European weapons that the Clinton administration is requesting an additional $ 2 billion in aid to the Colombian government over the next three years ( compared to $ 289 million in FY '99 ) .
the post 's non-local lead is a report on the colombian civil war : the marxist rebels have become so well-stocked with eastern european weapons that the clinton administration is [asking for] an additional $ 2 billion in aid to the colombian government over the next three years ( compared to $ 289 million in fy '99 ) .

The Post story includes this explanation for why the White House Communications Agency , `` a military unit that provides the president with secure communications , '' originally did n't produce the coffee tapes : the WHCA 's chief of staff got the full memo requesting any such videos , but when he put it into an e-mail format to send it to his boss , the agency 's director , he accidentally omitted the first two pages .
the post story includes this explanation for why the white house communications agency , `` a military unit that provides the president with secure communications , '' originally did n't produce the coffee tapes : the whca 's chief of staff got the full memo [asking for] any such videos , but when he put it into an e-mail format to send it to his boss , the agency 's director , he accidentally omitted the first two pages .

Garry Kasparov writes an article requesting a 10-game , winner-take-all rematch with Deep Blue .
garry kasparov writes an article [asking for] a 10-game , winner-take-all rematch with deep blue .

In hearings last week , a House committee heard from various Platters , Drifters , Coasters , and Vogues all requesting that federal law be amended to protect oldies groups from other performers using the their group-names .
in hearings last week , a house committee heard from various platters , drifters , coasters , and vogues all [asking for] that federal law be amended to protect oldies groups from other performers using the their group-names .

Surely you have a friend who is an attorney who would write a formal letter to Psycho With a Crush requesting the return of the manuscript .
surely you have a friend who is an attorney who would write a formal letter to psycho with a crush [asking for] the return of the manuscript .

The difficult part for who wrote will be requesting , in a tactful fashion , that his girlfriend dress modestly .
the difficult part for who wrote will be [asking for] , in a tactful fashion , that his girlfriend dress modestly .

Prudie herself knows two women who have got their hands on it , and a close friend who 's a physician reports that all kinds of men without impotence problems are requesting prescriptions .
prudie herself knows two women who have got their hands on it , and a close friend who 's a physician reports that all kinds of men without impotence problems are [asking for] prescriptions .

On the other hand , while Armenian groups struggle for official notice , they are not yet requesting official apologies .
on the other hand , while armenian groups struggle for official notice , they are not yet [asking for] official apologies .

He writes that the files include paperwork on such controversial Democratic contributors as Roger Tamraz and Johnny Chung , and 12 fund-raising call sheets prepared for Hillary Rodham Clinton to use in phone calls requesting donations in the range of $ 50,000- $ 100,000 from the likes of Ralph Lauren and Steven Spielberg .
he writes that the files include paperwork on such controversial democratic contributors as roger tamraz and johnny chung , and 12 fund-raising call sheets prepared for hillary rodham clinton to use in phone calls [asking for] donations in the range of $ 50,000- $ 100,000 from the likes of ralph lauren and steven spielberg .

Believe whom you will , but it 's Jerry who behaved most caddishly by reading a yet-to- close story about himself , requesting corrections , firing his publicist , and afterwards -- his stated pleasure in the story notwithstanding -- leaving both writer and magazine twisting in the wind publicly by not taking the blame for wanting to check out the piece in advance .
believe whom you will , but it 's jerry who behaved most caddishly by reading a yet-to- close story about himself , [asking for] corrections , firing his publicist , and afterwards -- his stated pleasure in the story notwithstanding -- leaving both writer and magazine twisting in the wind publicly by not taking the blame for wanting to check out the piece in advance .

Trent Lott , say the papers , sent Clinton a letter signed by him and half of the Republican caucus , for a total of 28 senators , requesting that the president make himself available for a deposition .
trent lott , say the papers , sent clinton a letter signed by him and half of the republican caucus , for a total of 28 senators , [asking for] that the president make himself available for a deposition .

In Fontana , California , a distraught man called the local hospital requesting a crisis hot line to call when he felt like stalking women , which he 'd been previously convicted of .
in fontana , california , a distraught man called the local hospital [asking for] a crisis hot line to call when he felt like stalking women , which he 'd been previously convicted of .

Will the flood of decaff poured every day eventually lead to a diner in 1995 requesting a cup of caff ?
will the flood of decaff poured every day eventually lead to a diner in 1995 [asking for] a cup of caff ?

