With the money all but in hand , however , the Administration indicated that , instead of the 225,000 more men in uniform that President Kennedy had requested , the armed forces would be increased by only 160,000 .
with the money all but in hand , however , the administration indicated that , instead of the 225,000 more men in uniform that president kennedy had [asked for] , the armed forces would be increased by only 160,000 .

In all , the Senate signed a check for $46.7 billion , which not only included the extra $3.5 billion requested the week before by President Kennedy , but tacked on $754 million more than the President had asked for .
in all , the senate signed a check for $46.7 billion , which not only included the extra $3.5 billion [asked for] the week before by president kennedy , but tacked on $754 million more than the president had asked for .

First of all there is ample area in East Greenwich already zoned in the classification similar to that which petitioner requested .
first of all there is ample area in east greenwich already zoned in the classification similar to that which petitioner [asked for] .

a report that a Catholic nun had been requested to teach in a non-Catholic secondary school during the sickness of one of its masters ; ;
a report that a catholic nun had been [asked for] to teach in a non-catholic secondary school during the sickness of one of its masters ; ;

In the hall , after adjournment , Dr. Frothingham took him warmly by the hand and requested Parker to visit him -- whereupon our burly Theodore again burst into tears .
in the hall , after adjournment , dr. frothingham took him warmly by the hand and [asked for] parker to visit him -- whereupon our burly theodore again burst into tears .

They , perhaps , gave the pitch of their position in the preface where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the American Assembly of Columbia University , because it was non-partisan .
they , perhaps , gave the pitch of their position in the preface where it was said that eisenhower [asked for] that the commission be administered by the american assembly of columbia university , because it was non-partisan .

`` We were requested by the Secretary General , as I understand it , to discuss with you such matters as appear to us to be relevant , and we are not of course either a formal group or a committee in the sense of being guided by any rules or regulations of the Secretariat .
`` we were [asked for] by the secretary general , as i understand it , to discuss with you such matters as appear to us to be relevant , and we are not of course either a formal group or a committee in the sense of being guided by any rules or regulations of the secretariat .

I have requested the Secretary of Defense to reexamine the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare .
i have [asked for] the secretary of defense to reexamine the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare .

The stepped-up defense procurement called for in the 1961 Budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it , and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962 .
the stepped-up defense procurement called for in the 1961 budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it , and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be [asked for] for fiscal 1962 .

Since they are all either rented or borrowed , the requested dates for their use have to be far in advance .
since they are all either rented or borrowed , the [asked for] dates for their use have to be far in advance .

Here the Architect , referring to the use of the Capitol as a public building , not a museum , requested some repainting to maintain decorative effect , rather than leaving blank , unsightly patches .
here the architect , referring to the use of the capitol as a public building , not a museum , [asked for] some repainting to maintain decorative effect , rather than leaving blank , unsightly patches .

Fletcher nodded as he listened to the instructions and said he would arrange the things Rector requested .
fletcher nodded as he listened to the instructions and said he would arrange the things rector [asked for] .

It does n't , they just have n't requested it this year .
it does n't , they just have n't [asked for] it this year .

supposed to be brothels , the Turkish government requested it , they did n't want to , to discriminate against the Greeks
supposed to be brothels , the turkish government [asked for] it , they did n't want to , to discriminate against the greeks

There were primary reds , bright blues and multi-coloured patchworks — a paint palette of colour that Paul would have wanted and his family requested .
there were primary reds , bright blues and multi-coloured patchworks — a paint palette of colour that paul would have wanted and his family [asked for] .

Unimpressed , the client requested her reinstatement .
unimpressed , the client [asked for] her reinstatement .

Permission has been requested by Darlington Council 's recreation committee to build a platform on to the railway museum at Hopetown Lane as part of general improvements .
permission has been [asked for] by darlington council 's recreation committee to build a platform on to the railway museum at hopetown lane as part of general improvements .

But the 77-year-old victim , who said she was pushed around by two youngsters aged about ten , has requested a younger blind person benefits from the dog .
but the 77-year-old victim , who said she was pushed around by two youngsters aged about ten , has [asked for] a younger blind person benefits from the dog .

The newspaper Liberation said yesterday that Mr Mitterrand 's personal security office had requested more than 100 wiretaps in the mid-1980s .
the newspaper liberation said yesterday that mr mitterrand 's personal security office had [asked for] more than 100 wiretaps in the mid-1980s .

At least 114 wiretaps were requested for reasons ranging from suspected arms trading to terrorist links or presidential security , but it was not clear if all the taps were actually carried out , the left-wing daily said .
at least 114 wiretaps were [asked for] for reasons ranging from suspected arms trading to terrorist links or presidential security , but it was not clear if all the taps were actually carried out , the left-wing daily said .

All of those interviewed requested that their names and some personal details be changed .
all of those interviewed [asked for] that their names and some personal details be changed .

The Piper pilot suspected structural problems and requested , and made , a landing at Waddington .
the piper pilot suspected structural problems and [asked for] , and made , a landing at waddington .

Mr and Mrs Ramsdale have now requested that their gift be used to buy equipment which will help other families support their own relatives at home , rather than have them admitted to hospital for their last days and weeks .
mr and mrs ramsdale have now [asked for] that their gift be used to buy equipment which will help other families support their own relatives at home , rather than have them admitted to hospital for their last days and weeks .

But they have requested the two-storey shop units in Clark 's Yard are not used for the same type of shops already there , to prevent competition for existing business .
but they have [asked for] the two-storey shop units in clark 's yard are not used for the same type of shops already there , to prevent competition for existing business .

As such its role was mainly symbolic and the accommodation requested — viewing platform , high level restaurant , and new entrance to the St Enoch underground station — rather more token than real .
as such its role was mainly symbolic and the accommodation [asked for] — viewing platform , high level restaurant , and new entrance to the st enoch underground station — rather more token than real .

On arrival in the town of Mafeking the nuns will organise the building of a new convent requested by the Bishop of Kimberley .
on arrival in the town of mafeking the nuns will organise the building of a new convent [asked for] by the bishop of kimberley .

And the European champion 's handlers yesterday requested that the Davison fight be delayed .
and the european champion 's handlers yesterday [asked for] that the davison fight be delayed .

The Sports Council have requested our support to lobby MPs to ensure more funds for sport .
the sports council have [asked for] our support to lobby mps to ensure more funds for sport .

Most Regions have got all or most of what they requested on their Annual Plans and in subsequent memos .
most regions have got all or most of what they [asked for] on their annual plans and in subsequent memos .

( iii ) New phases of funding requested from existing partners
( iii ) new phases of funding [asked for] from existing partners

The Sir Michael Connell inquiry discovered that in 1991 , starter Capt Keith Brown had requested two alterations reduction in the width of the starting gate and switching the side of the starter 's rostrum .
the sir michael connell inquiry discovered that in 1991 , starter capt keith brown had [asked for] two alterations reduction in the width of the starting gate and switching the side of the starter 's rostrum .

But it found 14pc were kept waiting and some respondents said they had not been allowed the music or songs they requested .
but it found 14pc were kept waiting and some respondents said they had not been allowed the music or songs they [asked for] .

The Sir Michael Connell inquiry discovered that in 1991 , official starter Capt Keith Brown had requested two alterations reduction in the width of the starting gate and switching the side of the starter 's rostrum .
the sir michael connell inquiry discovered that in 1991 , official starter capt keith brown had [asked for] two alterations reduction in the width of the starting gate and switching the side of the starter 's rostrum .

And the vast majority of the Roker reserve squad tonight are either on the transfer list or have requested to leave .
and the vast majority of the roker reserve squad tonight are either on the transfer list or have [asked for] to leave .

Permission has been requested by the Darlington council recreation committee to build a platform on to the railway museum at Hopetown Lane .
permission has been [asked for] by the darlington council recreation committee to build a platform on to the railway museum at hopetown lane .

The Forum has requested a meeting with Home Secretary , Michael Howard , to discuss the findings .
the forum has [asked for] a meeting with home secretary , michael howard , to discuss the findings .

Colwyn , who requested the match to be brought forward a week to avoid clashing with this weekend 's important game between Glamorgan and Durham at their Rhos on Sea ground , must have wished they had n't bothered .
colwyn , who [asked for] the match to be brought forward a week to avoid clashing with this weekend 's important game between glamorgan and durham at their rhos on sea ground , must have wished they had n't bothered .

He says they 've already been allowed a judicial review over the ban on deer hunting by Somerset Council and we 've requested one in the case of Hampshire .
he says they 've already been allowed a judicial review over the ban on deer hunting by somerset council and we 've [asked for] one in the case of hampshire .

The architect at Stanley Racing was advised that the shop was infringing the regulations , and he requested a relaxation .
the architect at stanley racing was advised that the shop was infringing the regulations , and he [asked for] a relaxation .

The Apollo Theatre chain has requested no black paint .
the apollo theatre chain has [asked for] no black paint .

The Fire Brigade Union has requested one and a half weeks pay for each year of service , plus the annual bounty payment .
the fire brigade union has [asked for] one and a half weeks pay for each year of service , plus the annual bounty payment .

These call-slips , as submitted , already contained much of the information required , but for the purposes of the Survey additional information was added to them both by the members of staff to whom they were submitted , and by fieldwork students from the College of Librarianship Wales who physically examined the requested items before their delivery to readers .
these call-slips , as submitted , already contained much of the information required , but for the purposes of the survey additional information was added to them both by the members of staff to whom they were submitted , and by fieldwork students from the college of librarianship wales who physically examined the [asked for] items before their delivery to readers .

The most common reasons were : the return of the call-slip for verification ; the initial provision of the wrong book ; and the need to transfer the requested item from the reserve shelf of a previous ( undergraduate ) reader .
the most common reasons were : the return of the call-slip for verification ; the initial provision of the wrong book ; and the need to transfer the [asked for] item from the reserve shelf of a previous ( undergraduate ) reader .

As Table 1 shows , the fact that a requested item was already in use ( that is , being read by , or reserved for , another reader ) was the most important reason identified , accounting for almost half ( 48 % ) of all unsatisfied requests .
as table 1 shows , the fact that a [asked for] item was already in use ( that is , being read by , or reserved for , another reader ) was the most important reason identified , accounting for almost half ( 48 % ) of all unsatisfied requests .

The binding of items emerged as the second most important reason for their non-availability , accounting for around one in five ( 21 % ) of unsatisfied requests , while the Library 's inability to locate items when they were requested ( 10 % ) , and a tendency for some readers to submit requests for items not appearing in the Library 's catalogues ( 10 % ) were additional reasons which occurred with some frequency .
the binding of items emerged as the second most important reason for their non-availability , accounting for around one in five ( 21 % ) of unsatisfied requests , while the library 's inability to locate items when they were [asked for] ( 10 % ) , and a tendency for some readers to submit requests for items not appearing in the library 's catalogues ( 10 % ) were additional reasons which occurred with some frequency .

( a ) a straightforward delivery to the reader , in which case the requested item is sent direct from the appropriate stack area to the reader 's seat ,
( a ) a straightforward delivery to the reader , in which case the [asked for] item is sent direct from the appropriate stack area to the reader 's seat ,

( b ) a straightforward delivery to the reader 's reserve shelf ( if this has been requested by the reader ) ,
( b ) a straightforward delivery to the reader 's reserve shelf ( if this has been [asked for] by the reader ) ,

( d ) a delivery after transfer , where the requested item proves to be already on the reserve shelf of another reader , but can be supplied after it has been transferred from that reader to the more recent applicant .
( d ) a delivery after transfer , where the [asked for] item proves to be already on the reserve shelf of another reader , but can be supplied after it has been transferred from that reader to the more recent applicant .

Further investigations were carried out to determine whether or not the proportion of straightforward deliveries varied with the location of the items requested , to examine the proportion of deliveries from each location which were placed on reserve for readers , and to record the relative numbers of non-straightforward deliveries from each location which were attributable either to ‘ initial failure ’ or to the need to transfer items from another reader .
further investigations were carried out to determine whether or not the proportion of straightforward deliveries varied with the location of the items [asked for] , to examine the proportion of deliveries from each location which were placed on reserve for readers , and to record the relative numbers of non-straightforward deliveries from each location which were attributable either to ‘ initial failure ’ or to the need to transfer items from another reader .

As Figures 4–6 , above , show , the percentage of straightforward deliveries was uniformly high , irrespective of the location of the requested items , and ranged only from 95% of deliveries in the case of books from the Main Building and the Annexe , to 97% in the case of material from the Advocates ' Library .
as figures 4–6 , above , show , the percentage of straightforward deliveries was uniformly high , irrespective of the location of the [asked for] items , and ranged only from 95% of deliveries in the case of books from the main building and the annexe , to 97% in the case of material from the advocates ' library .

If the proportion of straightforward deliveries showed little variation with the location of the items requested , the proportion of deliveries to readers ' reserve shelves showed considerable variation depending on the origin of the items issued .
if the proportion of straightforward deliveries showed little variation with the location of the items [asked for] , the proportion of deliveries to readers ' reserve shelves showed considerable variation depending on the origin of the items issued .

Since a van service , operating at fixed times , transports call-slips to the Annexe in batches , and brings the items requested back to the Main Building in batches , the time taken for straightforward deliveries of outhoused publications depends entirely on the time at which the request is submitted .
since a van service , operating at fixed times , transports call-slips to the annexe in batches , and brings the items [asked for] back to the main building in batches , the time taken for straightforward deliveries of outhoused publications depends entirely on the time at which the request is submitted .

In Figures 10 and 11 , below , the number of items requested within each fifteen-minute period on weekdays and on Saturdays is plotted against a scale on the left , while the mean delivery time for items supplied direct to readers within the same periods is plotted against a scale on the right .
in figures 10 and 11 , below , the number of items [asked for] within each fifteen-minute period on weekdays and on saturdays is plotted against a scale on the left , while the mean delivery time for items supplied direct to readers within the same periods is plotted against a scale on the right .

Most notable was the small but marked increase in delivery time between 13.15 and 14.00 which can probably be accounted for by the gradual build-up of demand at a time when lunchtime rosters have effectively halved the number of bookfetching staff on duty , while a similar increase in delivery times for books requested between 16.45 and 17.00 ( when demand is falling ) is probably attributable to the change in shift and reduction in bookfetching staff which occurs at 17.00 .
most notable was the small but marked increase in delivery time between 13.15 and 14.00 which can probably be accounted for by the gradual build-up of demand at a time when lunchtime rosters have effectively halved the number of bookfetching staff on duty , while a similar increase in delivery times for books [asked for] between 16.45 and 17.00 ( when demand is falling ) is probably attributable to the change in shift and reduction in bookfetching staff which occurs at 17.00 .

More than one in five of the requested items which could not be supplied had been sent for binding .
more than one in five of the [asked for] items which could not be supplied had been sent for binding .

Binding was the second most frequent reason for the non-availability of material , and — since the most frequent reason was simply that a requested item was already in use — it was the main reason which could be considered as in some measure attributable to the Library 's own procedures .
binding was the second most frequent reason for the non-availability of material , and — since the most frequent reason was simply that a [asked for] item was already in use — it was the main reason which could be considered as in some measure attributable to the library 's own procedures .

More than three-quarters of the requested items which were at binding were serial parts being bound into volumes for the first time .
more than three-quarters of the [asked for] items which were at binding were serial parts being bound into volumes for the first time .

It is very clear from the findings of the Survey that little or no change has occurred in the patterns of demand for the major categories of material studied on earlier occasions : the overwhelming majority of items requested are still modern publications , and the demand for foreign-language publications ( and , indeed , for publications in particular foreign languages ) has remained constant .
it is very clear from the findings of the survey that little or no change has occurred in the patterns of demand for the major categories of material studied on earlier occasions : the overwhelming majority of items [asked for] are still modern publications , and the demand for foreign-language publications ( and , indeed , for publications in particular foreign languages ) has remained constant .

The call-slip , which is in duplicate , is then transmitted to the shelf where the item is located , and its top copy is left on the shelf , while its second copy accompanies the requested item to the Reading ( or to the South Reading Room via the Reading Room ) .
the call-slip , which is in duplicate , is then transmitted to the shelf where the item is located , and its top copy is left on the shelf , while its second copy accompanies the [asked for] item to the reading ( or to the south reading room via the reading room ) .

As a result of the severe drought in Southern Africa , the Department of Social Welfare in Zimbabwe has requested help to review arrangements for emergency food distribution .
as a result of the severe drought in southern africa , the department of social welfare in zimbabwe has [asked for] help to review arrangements for emergency food distribution .

Scholarships , Grants and Awards brochures and application forms are now available and have been widely circulated to all Sections and those who have requested them .
scholarships , grants and awards brochures and application forms are now available and have been widely circulated to all sections and those who have [asked for] them .

External students ( those studying by distance learning ) who have requested a certain centre to sit the examinations will be accommodated , where possible , at the centre requested .
external students ( those studying by distance learning ) who have [asked for] a certain centre to sit the examinations will be accommodated , where possible , at the centre [asked for] .

The aircraft was requested by coastguards after they were alerted to the drama off the coast of the Isle of Man .
the aircraft was [asked for] by coastguards after they were alerted to the drama off the coast of the isle of man .

Magistrates at Bedlington , Northumberland , agreed to a month-long adjournment after Philip Jackson , defending , requested more time to study the case papers .
magistrates at bedlington , northumberland , agreed to a month-long adjournment after philip jackson , defending , [asked for] more time to study the case papers .

Head teacher Marcus Thacker said he hoped the Roughwood Drive schoolwhich now tops the Knowsley table of arson-hit schools will finally get the £70,000 security fence it first requested four years ago .
head teacher marcus thacker said he hoped the roughwood drive schoolwhich now tops the knowsley table of arson-hit schools will finally get the £70,000 security fence it first [asked for] four years ago .

Head teacher Marcus Thacker said he hoped the Roughwood Drive school which now tops the Knowsley table of arson-hit schoolswill finally get the £70,000 security fence it first requested four years ago .
head teacher marcus thacker said he hoped the roughwood drive school which now tops the knowsley table of arson-hit schoolswill finally get the £70,000 security fence it first [asked for] four years ago .

Once again the most requested coursed were those dealing with the development of Trainer Skills .
once again the most [asked for] coursed were those dealing with the development of trainer skills .

The reason it is important today is because tomorrow has been requested to be appointed to be a special day in prayer for peace justice in Northern Ireland .
the reason it is important today is because tomorrow has been [asked for] to be appointed to be a special day in prayer for peace justice in northern ireland .

The Sale of Goods Act 1979 only gives you an entitlement to money back if the goods are faulty , misdescribed or not fit for the purpose you requested them to perform .
the sale of goods act 1979 only gives you an entitlement to money back if the goods are faulty , misdescribed or not fit for the purpose you [asked for] them to perform .

Breach of contract includes : non-supplying of goods ( maybe due to supplier liquidation/bankruptcy or simply running off with your money ) ; supplying faulty goods ; or supplying goods different from those requested or ordered . So …
breach of contract includes : non-supplying of goods ( maybe due to supplier liquidation/bankruptcy or simply running off with your money ) ; supplying faulty goods ; or supplying goods different from those [asked for] or ordered . so …

The cost was calculated in terms of the current price of slaughter stock , and so many head were then requested .
the cost was calculated in terms of the current price of slaughter stock , and so many head were then [asked for] .

The point on which Gandhi pressed hardest , and on which the talks nearly foundered , was that of an inquiry into the conduct of the police , which he had requested publicly just before the talks began .
the point on which gandhi pressed hardest , and on which the talks nearly foundered , was that of an inquiry into the conduct of the police , which he had [asked for] publicly just before the talks began .

‘ The third umpire in the umpire 's room can assist the standing umpire , if requested , in immediately determining a run out , stumping or hit wicket decision when the standing umpire is uncertain in those three situations , ’ Bacher said .
‘ the third umpire in the umpire 's room can assist the standing umpire , if [asked for] , in immediately determining a run out , stumping or hit wicket decision when the standing umpire is uncertain in those three situations , ’ bacher said .

Daniel Digby , provost of the G-Mek Orbital , has issued a formal denial to allegations by Ayatollah Bakhtiar that fugitive graphic novelist Neil Gaiman has been in hiding in the facility , and has requested that the Pan-Islamic congress stand down the Inter-Satellite Ballistic Missiles currently targeted on them .
daniel digby , provost of the g-mek orbital , has issued a formal denial to allegations by ayatollah bakhtiar that fugitive graphic novelist neil gaiman has been in hiding in the facility , and has [asked for] that the pan-islamic congress stand down the inter-satellite ballistic missiles currently targeted on them .

Canada , with which Newfoundland had by this time merged , duly requested and consented ; Australia , New Zealand and South Africa merely ‘ assented ’ .
canada , with which newfoundland had by this time merged , duly [asked for] and consented ; australia , new zealand and south africa merely ‘ assented ’ .

One hundred and fifty years previously , a similar problem had been ‘ resolved ’ by the Declaration of Independence of the 13 colonies and the creation of the United States of America , finally recognised by the United Kingdom in 1783 . This time , things proceeded in a more civilised manner and the arrangements concluded at the imperial conferences were enshrined in the Statute of Westminster 1931 , s.4 of which provided , amongst many other things , that for the future , no Act of the imperial Parliament should extend to any of the six Dominions listed above unless it expressly stated that the Dominions in question had requested and consented to the
one hundred and fifty years previously , a similar problem had been ‘ resolved ’ by the declaration of independence of the 13 colonies and the creation of the united states of america , finally recognised by the united kingdom in 1783 . this time , things proceeded in a more civilised manner and the arrangements concluded at the imperial conferences were enshrined in the statute of westminster 1931 , s.4 of which provided , amongst many other things , that for the future , no act of the imperial parliament should extend to any of the six dominions listed above unless it expressly stated that the dominions in question had [asked for] and consented to the

It was there , about two weeks later , when he forced himself to look at Isobel 's correspondence , that he found the letter from her gynaecologist , with the recommendations she had requested regarding maternity clinics .
it was there , about two weeks later , when he forced himself to look at isobel 's correspondence , that he found the letter from her gynaecologist , with the recommendations she had [asked for] regarding maternity clinics .

They requested Bowden to give a road-side breath test and it proved positive .
they [asked for] bowden to give a road-side breath test and it proved positive .

We wish to voice our dismay at the one-sided approach the article took , and note that our comments have never been requested .
we wish to voice our dismay at the one-sided approach the article took , and note that our comments have never been [asked for] .

Vestments and linens made by members in the preceding year were displayed and later given to churches as requested .
vestments and linens made by members in the preceding year were displayed and later given to churches as [asked for] .

The Community of Madonna House expressed their willingness to go out to parishes and help with prayer or study groups if requested .
the community of madonna house expressed their willingness to go out to parishes and help with prayer or study groups if [asked for] .

Home tuition may be requested , and some areas have established special education units , for example Bristol , Sheffield and Liverpool .
home tuition may be [asked for] , and some areas have established special education units , for example bristol , sheffield and liverpool .

After his defeat at Naseby the Parliamentarians found and published copies of his letters in which he had requested Roman Catholic troops to be landed from Ireland and from the Continent .
after his defeat at naseby the parliamentarians found and published copies of his letters in which he had [asked for] roman catholic troops to be landed from ireland and from the continent .

Individual anglers are requested to reserve a ticket for this event at £5 including pool with county secretary Dave Gunson on Ipswich 716530 .
individual anglers are [asked for] to reserve a ticket for this event at £5 including pool with county secretary dave gunson on ipswich 716530 .

Kowalik is waiting for a telephone call from Ipswich and will come straight over if requested .
kowalik is waiting for a telephone call from ipswich and will come straight over if [asked for] .

Members requested the committee 's sorrow that the work had begun without permission should be passed on to the county council .
members [asked for] the committee 's sorrow that the work had begun without permission should be passed on to the county council .

Results of checks on dental records should be known soon and , if these were inconclusive , further forensic tests might be requested .
results of checks on dental records should be known soon and , if these were inconclusive , further forensic tests might be [asked for] .

Taylor , now a butcher in Liverpool , has admitted he never requested , or received permission to make the recording .
taylor , now a butcher in liverpool , has admitted he never [asked for] , or received permission to make the recording .

’ requested reader Simon Kelso , of Guildford , Surrey .
’ [asked for] reader simon kelso , of guildford , surrey .

Updating sessions were requested for training staff .
updating sessions were [asked for] for training staff .

Here 's another : an Arts Council-funded photographic project called What She Wants ( with a grant of £14,000 , half the sum requested ) is inviting women to submit intimate pictures of men , and a report of the session that produced them ( ‘ Did he let you do everything you wanted ?
here 's another : an arts council-funded photographic project called what she wants ( with a grant of £14,000 , half the sum [asked for] ) is inviting women to submit intimate pictures of men , and a report of the session that produced them ( ‘ did he let you do everything you wanted ?

On leaving the voting station , electors are requested not to reveal the result to those who have yet to vote .
on leaving the voting station , electors are [asked for] not to reveal the result to those who have yet to vote .

The rumour that it was radioactive arose after the Soviet authorities requested some civilian aircraft not to fly their usual routes from Japan to Europe for 48 hours for ‘ technical reasons ’ .
the rumour that it was radioactive arose after the soviet authorities [asked for] some civilian aircraft not to fly their usual routes from japan to europe for 48 hours for ‘ technical reasons ’ .

This one 's for Jason Grandcourt of Mackay , Australia , who , many moons ago , requested a Killing Joke listing .
this one 's for jason grandcourt of mackay , australia , who , many moons ago , [asked for] a killing joke listing .

On the question of giving an employee reasons for his dismissal , reasons need only be given if specifically requested by the employee ( Section 58 of the 1978 Act ) .
on the question of giving an employee reasons for his dismissal , reasons need only be given if specifically [asked for] by the employee ( section 58 of the 1978 act ) .

In many parish churches a parchment scroll or tablet of wood , inscribed with the names of those who had requested obits or provided chantries , was kept on the wall near to the high altar .
in many parish churches a parchment scroll or tablet of wood , inscribed with the names of those who had [asked for] obits or provided chantries , was kept on the wall near to the high altar .

On examination it transpires that he requested the retention of the original gilt brass depositum plates .
on examination it transpires that he [asked for] the retention of the original gilt brass depositum plates .

The management have registered the building with the local Fire Officer and the plans subsequently requested have been submitted , but to date no inspection visit has been made .
the management have registered the building with the local fire officer and the plans subsequently [asked for] have been submitted , but to date no inspection visit has been made .

Peter Davenport has requested your advice . You are required to write a report :
peter davenport has [asked for] your advice . you are required to write a report :

Con Tours have requested an additional booking equivalent to one coach load of 46 sleepers for a two-night stay in each week in May-August .
con tours have [asked for] an additional booking equivalent to one coach load of 46 sleepers for a two-night stay in each week in may-august .

These methods of payment are more likely to be accepted if they are requested right up front before you start to do business and if they are presented as being the only way you do business .
these methods of payment are more likely to be accepted if they are [asked for] right up front before you start to do business and if they are presented as being the only way you do business .

When Freddie returned from compassionate leave in Scotland after his wife 's miscarriage and found the letter waiting which requested him to report to London immediately , he did so with thankfulness , even though he was not yet aware of the full repercussions of his latest extra-marital affair .
when freddie returned from compassionate leave in scotland after his wife 's miscarriage and found the letter waiting which [asked for] him to report to london immediately , he did so with thankfulness , even though he was not yet aware of the full repercussions of his latest extra-marital affair .

There was the sound of feet being carefully wiped on the doormat , as once sharply requested by Mrs Stych soon after her marriage had taken her into polite circles .
there was the sound of feet being carefully wiped on the doormat , as once sharply [asked for] by mrs stych soon after her marriage had taken her into polite circles .

As requested by Mrs Johnson of the Committee for the Preservation of Morals , she drove out to the library , with the intention of asking the chief librarian for information about Ben MacLean , but when she arrived he had gone out for morning coffee .
as [asked for] by mrs johnson of the committee for the preservation of morals , she drove out to the library , with the intention of asking the chief librarian for information about ben maclean , but when she arrived he had gone out for morning coffee .

They 're left on day and night , and their one purpose in life is to handle data requested by and sent from workstations .
they 're left on day and night , and their one purpose in life is to handle data [asked for] by and sent from workstations .

He requested a bottle of red wine , but not of the common kind .
he [asked for] a bottle of red wine , but not of the common kind .

Mr. Bailey requested the porter to call Mr. George Burnham to attend for him and so he did , but not until the child was born .
mr. bailey [asked for] the porter to call mr. george burnham to attend for him and so he did , but not until the child was born .

He transferred an inmate to the newly rebuilt County Hospital , where , pending the provision of the facilities he had requested at the workhouse , he operated on the man for cataract .
he transferred an inmate to the newly rebuilt county hospital , where , pending the provision of the facilities he had [asked for] at the workhouse , he operated on the man for cataract .

The county surveyor , no less , was asked to report on the practicability of covering the verandah at the infirmary , and was also requested ‘ to have the bagatelle board put in order ’ .
the county surveyor , no less , was asked to report on the practicability of covering the verandah at the infirmary , and was also [asked for] ‘ to have the bagatelle board put in order ’ .

He enclosed a number of copies of testimonials and requested one from his illustrious patron .
he enclosed a number of copies of testimonials and [asked for] one from his illustrious patron .

The statementing officer had reported that no one had thus far requested the use of an interpreter .
the statementing officer had reported that no one had thus far [asked for] the use of an interpreter .

This format comprises the following sequence of headings : purpose of report , decision requested , summary of supporting arguments , financial implications , comments of other professional officers and supporting documents .
this format comprises the following sequence of headings : purpose of report , decision [asked for] , summary of supporting arguments , financial implications , comments of other professional officers and supporting documents .

Magnus requested that Finreir and Teclis teach the full secrets of magic to humans .
magnus [asked for] that finreir and teclis teach the full secrets of magic to humans .

Or , insultingly , you could be requested to deposit a sum with the government to cover you against repatriation costs , should the necessity arise .
or , insultingly , you could be [asked for] to deposit a sum with the government to cover you against repatriation costs , should the necessity arise .

Authorities decided the only possible means of completing the transfer on time would be from a proper docking facility and requested the carrier be moved to nearby Glasgow for loading .
authorities decided the only possible means of completing the transfer on time would be from a proper docking facility and [asked for] the carrier be moved to nearby glasgow for loading .

Whenever Joanne completed a task requested by one or other parent without complaint she was rewarded from the same reward ‘ menu ’ .
whenever joanne completed a task [asked for] by one or other parent without complaint she was rewarded from the same reward ‘ menu ’ .

verbal expression ( the child is requested to describe a picture ) ;
verbal expression ( the child is [asked for] to describe a picture ) ;

manual expression ( the child is requested to ‘ Show me what we do with a … ’ ) .
manual expression ( the child is [asked for] to ‘ show me what we do with a … ’ ) .

The assessment of need at point of referral will be undertaken by the social worker on duty , or by the Home Help Organiser if a home help is requested .
the assessment of need at point of referral will be undertaken by the social worker on duty , or by the home help organiser if a home help is [asked for] .

An advance was requested and paid , and a further sum promised on delivery , so long as Mozart made no attempt to discover its source .
an advance was [asked for] and paid , and a further sum promised on delivery , so long as mozart made no attempt to discover its source .

‘ Next person please ! ’ requested the check-out girl snappily and Meredith was forced to move up and hastily unload her goods on to the conveyor belt .
‘ next person please ! ’ [asked for] the check-out girl snappily and meredith was forced to move up and hastily unload her goods on to the conveyor belt .

’ If the vehicle is driven by an employee who is not to be summonsed for any offence , a statement should be requested as he should be dealt with as a witness .
’ if the vehicle is driven by an employee who is not to be summonsed for any offence , a statement should be [asked for] as he should be dealt with as a witness .

He must not act unlawfully in other ways such as remaining on premises after being lawfully requested to leave .
he must not act unlawfully in other ways such as remaining on premises after being lawfully [asked for] to leave .

The other rebuked his fellow victim and , recognising the innocence of Jesus , requested Jesus to remember him .
the other rebuked his fellow victim and , recognising the innocence of jesus , [asked for] jesus to remember him .

Hospital post-mortems , he goes on , are requested as a method of monitoring diagnostic technique and refining clinical skills .
hospital post-mortems , he goes on , are [asked for] as a method of monitoring diagnostic technique and refining clinical skills .

Severe weather forced Francis to assess his strengths on all weather pitches , and when the Wednesday boss requested an extension of the trial period , Cantona took umbrage and defected to Leeds .
severe weather forced francis to assess his strengths on all weather pitches , and when the wednesday boss [asked for] an extension of the trial period , cantona took umbrage and defected to leeds .

The Luxembourg court requested the opinion of the European Court of Justice .
the luxembourg court [asked for] the opinion of the european court of justice .

He consequently requested a refund .
he consequently [asked for] a refund .

In 1989 , Mr Gardiner requested , and was granted , a posting to Japan .
in 1989 , mr gardiner [asked for] , and was granted , a posting to japan .

Lautro has ordered 13 life assurance companies to withdraw some of their advertising for single premium with profits bonds , and two were requested to write to clients with a fuller explanation of the bond 's characteristics .
lautro has ordered 13 life assurance companies to withdraw some of their advertising for single premium with profits bonds , and two were [asked for] to write to clients with a fuller explanation of the bond 's characteristics .

Comments are requested by 13 November ( p 117 ) .
comments are [asked for] by 13 november ( p 117 ) .

As Caparo showed , there had to be a specific relationship between the function that the defendant was requested to perform and the transaction in relation to which the plaintiff said he had relied on proper performance .
as caparo showed , there had to be a specific relationship between the function that the defendant was [asked for] to perform and the transaction in relation to which the plaintiff said he had relied on proper performance .

Both parties requested that a case be stated for the opinion of the High Court .
both parties [asked for] that a case be stated for the opinion of the high court .

When he knew of his wife 's pregnancy Ernest requested that none of their names should go into the ballot until after the baby 's birth .
when he knew of his wife 's pregnancy ernest [asked for] that none of their names should go into the ballot until after the baby 's birth .

The feeling seems to be that none of their players are on steroids and until requested to do so they will assume innocence .
the feeling seems to be that none of their players are on steroids and until [asked for] to do so they will assume innocence .

Comments on the paper are requested by 31 March 1993 .
comments on the paper are [asked for] by 31 march 1993 .

Comments on the exposure draft are requested by 15 March 1993 .
comments on the exposure draft are [asked for] by 15 march 1993 .

On the one hand , suppliers will deliver only items that are explicitly requested by the stores , and on the other they will be privy to market data and forecasts , so that they can plan their manufacturing activities accordingly .
on the one hand , suppliers will deliver only items that are explicitly [asked for] by the stores , and on the other they will be privy to market data and forecasts , so that they can plan their manufacturing activities accordingly .

Consideration is requested for allowing a capital gains tax loss on a qualifying loan to a trader to be set against income , thereby encouraging investment in new businesses .
consideration is [asked for] for allowing a capital gains tax loss on a qualifying loan to a trader to be set against income , thereby encouraging investment in new businesses .

Comments on the three papers are requested by 31 December 1992 .
comments on the three papers are [asked for] by 31 december 1992 .

Auditors will be required to give the Bank any information or opinion relating to their client 's ability to fulfil the criteria for authorisation , and to provide any information reasonably requested by the Bank in its supervisory role .
auditors will be required to give the bank any information or opinion relating to their client 's ability to fulfil the criteria for authorisation , and to provide any information reasonably [asked for] by the bank in its supervisory role .

Where retirement relief is also claimed , the agreement of the market value will be deferred , unless requested by the claimants , until it is necessary to determine either the amount of the retirement relief due or the transferee 's cost of the asset .
where retirement relief is also claimed , the agreement of the market value will be deferred , unless [asked for] by the claimants , until it is necessary to determine either the amount of the retirement relief due or the transferee 's cost of the asset .

Other locals were yesterday keeping a low profile , preserving the privacy requested by the couple .
other locals were yesterday keeping a low profile , preserving the privacy [asked for] by the couple .

Throughout the spring , talk of invasion was on everyone 's lips ; those who could help to fund the new military force did so , while others , providing they were householders or ‘ such other Persons as shall be recommended by two Householders ’ , were invited to enlist at the George Inn , ‘ … where such persons as are willing to join the Frome Selwood Volunteers , either cavalry or infantry , are requested to attend and sign their names ’ .
throughout the spring , talk of invasion was on everyone 's lips ; those who could help to fund the new military force did so , while others , providing they were householders or ‘ such other persons as shall be recommended by two householders ’ , were invited to enlist at the george inn , ‘ … where such persons as are willing to join the frome selwood volunteers , either cavalry or infantry , are [asked for] to attend and sign their names ’ .

Comments are requested by 15 December ( p 98 ) .
comments are [asked for] by 15 december ( p 98 ) .

Copies have also been sent to anyone who requested a copy of the draft primary legislation .
copies have also been sent to anyone who [asked for] a copy of the draft primary legislation .

As with support in the other direction , although it is widely regarded as legitimate for parents to look to their children , it is also possible for them to overstep the boundaries , and the way in which support is requested and delivered is important .
as with support in the other direction , although it is widely regarded as legitimate for parents to look to their children , it is also possible for them to overstep the boundaries , and the way in which support is [asked for] and delivered is important .

Next the minority requested another postponement , this time of the Unity Secretariat 's Declaration on non-Christian religions .
next the minority [asked for] another postponement , this time of the unity secretariat 's declaration on non-christian religions .

Thus the implications of the Eucharistic nature of the Church have never been recognized by Church authority in areas of an acute shortage of priests ; and when , in some of them , episcopal conferences have requested permission to ordain married men to ensure the maintenance of a minimum of regular Eucharistic celebration in local communities , they have been rebuffed by Rome .
thus the implications of the eucharistic nature of the church have never been recognized by church authority in areas of an acute shortage of priests ; and when , in some of them , episcopal conferences have [asked for] permission to ordain married men to ensure the maintenance of a minimum of regular eucharistic celebration in local communities , they have been rebuffed by rome .

He presented Chester with a severely edited version of the truth , making no mention of Estabrook 's murder plot , but explaining that Jude was ill and had requested his presence .
he presented chester with a severely edited version of the truth , making no mention of estabrook 's murder plot , but explaining that jude was ill and had [asked for] his presence .

Seventeen new groups entered the competition in 1967 ( out of ‘ two to three hundred ’ who requested particulars ) ( Sendall , 1983 , p. 337 ) .
seventeen new groups entered the competition in 1967 ( out of ‘ two to three hundred ’ who [asked for] particulars ) ( sendall , 1983 , p. 337 ) .

In the mid-1950s , when the private sector finance houses were increasing their facilities for private retailers , the Government withheld some of the funds the Boards requested for developing their own hire purchase schemes , thus further hobbling them against the competition .
in the mid-1950s , when the private sector finance houses were increasing their facilities for private retailers , the government withheld some of the funds the boards [asked for] for developing their own hire purchase schemes , thus further hobbling them against the competition .

Good connections with a minister would be advantageous to any political interest , for freeholders and councillors often requested assistance which only government could provide .
good connections with a minister would be advantageous to any political interest , for freeholders and councillors often [asked for] assistance which only government could provide .

Letters of recommendation were often requested by those about to sail for India or another overseas possession , and such letters were even sought by those already serving in India when they appreciated that the interest of a man of influence would accelerate their own advancement .
letters of recommendation were often [asked for] by those about to sail for india or another overseas possession , and such letters were even sought by those already serving in india when they appreciated that the interest of a man of influence would accelerate their own advancement .

Thomas Cockburn , a young Berwickshire man serving at Madras , requested his freeholder father to approach his member of parliament to seek letters of recommendation to the governor , Lord Macartney , for as the father pointed out , ‘ every thing goes by interest , and he is very anxious to have Letters of Weight ’ .
thomas cockburn , a young berwickshire man serving at madras , [asked for] his freeholder father to approach his member of parliament to seek letters of recommendation to the governor , lord macartney , for as the father pointed out , ‘ every thing goes by interest , and he is very anxious to have letters of weight ’ .

Admiral Lord Keith encountered difficulty with an important freeholder who had requested , through an intermediary , that a young man named Maitland might be admitted as a cadet into the college at Woolwich .
admiral lord keith encountered difficulty with an important freeholder who had [asked for] , through an intermediary , that a young man named maitland might be admitted as a cadet into the college at woolwich .

Sir David advised his friend , Sir Robert Dalyell , that the post of surgeon 's mate was worth three shillings and sixpence per day , and requested that his correspondent would oblige by
sir david advised his friend , sir robert dalyell , that the post of surgeon 's mate was worth three shillings and sixpence per day , and [asked for] that his correspondent would oblige by

In 1783 , for example , when a vacancy arose in the parish of Campsie , almost all of the heritors were united with the body of inhabitants of the parish in favour of a Mr. Burns to be their minister , and they requested Sir Thomas Dundas , then the county member , to obtain a presentation .
in 1783 , for example , when a vacancy arose in the parish of campsie , almost all of the heritors were united with the body of inhabitants of the parish in favour of a mr. burns to be their minister , and they [asked for] sir thomas dundas , then the county member , to obtain a presentation .

The group of gentlemen who prepared the list and signed the covering letter to Panmure , however , emphasised that unless Panmure wrote the letters in favour of James Milne which they had requested , then their friend would withdraw ‘ & let your declared oposers run away with what they could not , were you either present or your intrest heartily interposed ’ .
the group of gentlemen who prepared the list and signed the covering letter to panmure , however , emphasised that unless panmure wrote the letters in favour of james milne which they had [asked for] , then their friend would withdraw ‘ & let your declared oposers run away with what they could not , were you either present or your intrest heartily interposed ’ .

The Beacon Nursery was taken over by the council , as requested by Mencap .
the beacon nursery was taken over by the council , as [asked for] by mencap .

However , it is important that alarm calls have been requested from and agreed with the other person when we are in our right minds .
however , it is important that alarm calls have been [asked for] from and agreed with the other person when we are in our right minds .

’ Alarm calls are best requested from people who you like and trust — such as family and good friends — because they can place some strain on a relationship .
’ alarm calls are best [asked for] from people who you like and trust — such as family and good friends — because they can place some strain on a relationship .

She had requested new riding boots but her father with unaccustomed frugality had told her bluntly she must be satisfied with having her old boots repaired .
she had [asked for] new riding boots but her father with unaccustomed frugality had told her bluntly she must be satisfied with having her old boots repaired .

The urgency of the Czech art establishment 's task is not helped by cloying , centralising bureaucracy : when an English-language Prague newspaper requested a photograph of a Schiele drawing from the National Gallery 's collection , it was told to send a formal request to the director , Mr Slavicek .
the urgency of the czech art establishment 's task is not helped by cloying , centralising bureaucracy : when an english-language prague newspaper [asked for] a photograph of a schiele drawing from the national gallery 's collection , it was told to send a formal request to the director , mr slavicek .

This became one of the weirdest and most requested Peel session tracks ever .
this became one of the weirdest and most [asked for] peel session tracks ever .

In 1982 , when he requested an export licence , they evoked the 1941 law , passed by the collaborationist Vichy regime , restricting the export of ‘ national heritage ’ works of art .
in 1982 , when he [asked for] an export licence , they evoked the 1941 law , passed by the collaborationist vichy regime , restricting the export of ‘ national heritage ’ works of art .

Around 120 painting loans have been requested , fifty watercolours and forty to fifty drawings .
around 120 painting loans have been [asked for] , fifty watercolours and forty to fifty drawings .

This time stops are requested for Basingstoke , Woking and Clapham Junction .
this time stops are [asked for] for basingstoke , woking and clapham junction .

As soon as he had received news of the death of Professor Khan he had requested a meeting with the Chairman of the Revolutionary Command Council , at the Chairman 's earliest convenience .
as soon as he had received news of the death of professor khan he had [asked for] a meeting with the chairman of the revolutionary command council , at the chairman 's earliest convenience .

In some areas the precise details of the ban coverage has changed over the last few years and climber are requested to check that they re aware of these updates .
in some areas the precise details of the ban coverage has changed over the last few years and climber are [asked for] to check that they re aware of these updates .

Great Britain urgently requested military assistance from its Commonwealth partners in order to secure the fragile Malayan State against an impending communist onslaught .
great britain urgently [asked for] military assistance from its commonwealth partners in order to secure the fragile malayan state against an impending communist onslaught .

In 1965 Anthony Crossland , the Labour Secretary of State for Education , issued Circular 10/65 which requested those local authorities which had not already done so to submit to him their proposals for the reorganisation of their secondary schools along comprehensive lines .
in 1965 anthony crossland , the labour secretary of state for education , issued circular 10/65 which [asked for] those local authorities which had not already done so to submit to him their proposals for the reorganisation of their secondary schools along comprehensive lines .

On visits to Romania , the curators of Ceauşescu 's residences , the state guest-houses and museums , noted that Zhivkov only stole or requested as presents the most exquisite items .
on visits to romania , the curators of ceauşescu 's residences , the state guest-houses and museums , noted that zhivkov only stole or [asked for] as presents the most exquisite items .

Initially , Bishop Harris requested the Catenians in the area to promote a public speaking competition for the youth of the diocese .
initially , bishop harris [asked for] the catenians in the area to promote a public speaking competition for the youth of the diocese .

Secondly , it is of course up to the individual credit granter to decide whether or not to enter into a transaction requested by an individual customer .
secondly , it is of course up to the individual credit granter to decide whether or not to enter into a transaction [asked for] by an individual customer .

At the end of the day , the lads requested that we do something for them .
at the end of the day , the lads [asked for] that we do something for them .

‘ But my dear girl , you do n't know these other pupils , ’ she had said when Eve had politely requested that she should not be put in a public position of a non-fee-paying student .
‘ but my dear girl , you do n't know these other pupils , ’ she had said when eve had politely [asked for] that she should not be put in a public position of a non-fee-paying student .

They placed the facts before God , declared their faith in his complete control over circumstances , and resolved to carry on despite the dangers , and requested that the Lord should continue to authenticate their testimony through signs and miracles ( Acts 4:27–31 ) .
they placed the facts before god , declared their faith in his complete control over circumstances , and resolved to carry on despite the dangers , and [asked for] that the lord should continue to authenticate their testimony through signs and miracles ( acts 4:27–31 ) .

3.4 The Distributor agrees to enter into a Trade Mark Licence Agreement with the Publisher to use the Publisher 's Trade Mark if and when requested by the Publisher
3.4 the distributor agrees to enter into a trade mark licence agreement with the publisher to use the publisher 's trade mark if and when [asked for] by the publisher

4.4 The Distributor agrees to enter into a Trade Mark Licence Agreement with the Publisher to use the Publisher 's Trade Marks if and when requested by the Publisher .
4.4 the distributor agrees to enter into a trade mark licence agreement with the publisher to use the publisher 's trade marks if and when [asked for] by the publisher .

4.4 The Distributor agrees to enter into a Trade Mark Licence Agreement with the Publisher to use the Publisher 's Trade Marks if and when requested by the Publisher .
4.4 the distributor agrees to enter into a trade mark licence agreement with the publisher to use the publisher 's trade marks if and when [asked for] by the publisher .

12.3 In the event that any such dispute or difference can not be settled amicably the matter in dispute or difference may be referred by any of the Parties to a single arbitrator to be appointed by the Parties hereto or failing agreement within 28 days after being requested to concur in such appointment , according to the provisions of the Arbitration Acts , 1950 and 1979 or any statuary re-enactment or amendment thereof for the time being in force shall apply thereto .
12.3 in the event that any such dispute or difference can not be settled amicably the matter in dispute or difference may be referred by any of the parties to a single arbitrator to be appointed by the parties hereto or failing agreement within 28 days after being [asked for] to concur in such appointment , according to the provisions of the arbitration acts , 1950 and 1979 or any statuary re-enactment or amendment thereof for the time being in force shall apply thereto .

19.1 In the event of the Publisher being involved in or threatened with legal proceedings arising from the publication of the Work the Proprietor agrees to provide such assistance as may be requested by the Publisher .
19.1 in the event of the publisher being involved in or threatened with legal proceedings arising from the publication of the work the proprietor agrees to provide such assistance as may be [asked for] by the publisher .

4.4 The Distributor agrees to enter into a Trade Mark Licence Agreement with the Publisher to use the Publisher 's Trade Marks if and when requested by the Publisher .
4.4 the distributor agrees to enter into a trade mark licence agreement with the publisher to use the publisher 's trade marks if and when [asked for] by the publisher .

18.1 In the event of the Publisher being involved in or threatened with legal proceedings arising from the publication of the Work in circumstances where the Publisher is unable to recover from the Company under the warranty and indemnity in clause 15 the Company agrees to provide such assistance as may be requested by the Publisher .
18.1 in the event of the publisher being involved in or threatened with legal proceedings arising from the publication of the work in circumstances where the publisher is unable to recover from the company under the warranty and indemnity in clause 15 the company agrees to provide such assistance as may be [asked for] by the publisher .

Such an order occurred in another case where the judge again requested that the school should not be identified , and the nature of the school was not clear from the report .
such an order occurred in another case where the judge again [asked for] that the school should not be identified , and the nature of the school was not clear from the report .

The particular needs of children with defective sight call for a report on the child 's eye condition or cause of defective vision from an ophthalmologist , and a report is also requested from the educational advisory service for the visually handicapped .
the particular needs of children with defective sight call for a report on the child 's eye condition or cause of defective vision from an ophthalmologist , and a report is also [asked for] from the educational advisory service for the visually handicapped .

On 19 July Giral accordingly requested arms and aircraft from the French Socialist premier , Léon Blum .
on 19 july giral accordingly [asked for] arms and aircraft from the french socialist premier , léon blum .

Tony , Jill and their son , Martin , have lived at the Old Rectory for twenty years and it is very much their home — as your hosts they will bring early morning tea ( if requested ) , and arrange numerous activities .
tony , jill and their son , martin , have lived at the old rectory for twenty years and it is very much their home — as your hosts they will bring early morning tea ( if [asked for] ) , and arrange numerous activities .

Dinner is provided as long as it is requested the morning of the day you dine .
dinner is provided as long as it is [asked for] the morning of the day you dine .

However , the builder may be expected to make some contribution towards travelling time and costs where he has failed to obtain suitable sub-contract labour within the vicinity of the site and a subcontractor is requested to travel an excessive distance .
however , the builder may be expected to make some contribution towards travelling time and costs where he has failed to obtain suitable sub-contract labour within the vicinity of the site and a subcontractor is [asked for] to travel an excessive distance .

The supplier should be requested : ( a ) To supply two copies of invoices .
the supplier should be [asked for] : ( a ) to supply two copies of invoices .

Podder hit the board whilst batting in a match between Dingley Dell and Muggleton , and afterwards orally requested Pickwick to pay £ % ; to Mrs Jingle , to whom Podder was indebted for board and lodging .
podder hit the board whilst batting in a match between dingley dell and muggleton , and afterwards orally [asked for] pickwick to pay £ % ; to mrs jingle , to whom podder was indebted for board and lodging .

( a ) If a legal concept is mentioned in the question , do not attempt a full explanation of it unless explanation is requested or necessitated by the question .
( a ) if a legal concept is mentioned in the question , do not attempt a full explanation of it unless explanation is [asked for] or necessitated by the question .

No one requested to see the Overseer .
no one [asked for] to see the overseer .

In view of the brevity of the basic interview , subjects were not contacted in advance ; fieldworkers simply knocked on the door and requested interviews .
in view of the brevity of the basic interview , subjects were not contacted in advance ; fieldworkers simply knocked on the door and [asked for] interviews .

Further , those who requested such facilities wanted them for others — those who had been ‘ mollycoddled ’ by their parents and by their teachers in special schools — rather than for themselves .
further , those who [asked for] such facilities wanted them for others — those who had been ‘ mollycoddled ’ by their parents and by their teachers in special schools — rather than for themselves .

Staff did not attend committee meetings unless this was requested by members .
staff did not attend committee meetings unless this was [asked for] by members .

Finances were never discussed unless a user requested that the group buy a particular item .
finances were never discussed unless a user [asked for] that the group buy a particular item .

Jeanne requested an armed raid on the building to rescue the woman , but the group leader would n't hear of it .
jeanne [asked for] an armed raid on the building to rescue the woman , but the group leader would n't hear of it .

Note that , if the key that has been requested is not present on the file , the unsuccessful search length is potentially limited only by the size of the file .
note that , if the key that has been [asked for] is not present on the file , the unsuccessful search length is potentially limited only by the size of the file .

The second is the time taken from the moment a record is requested by the program to the time when accessing and transfer takes place , known as wait time or queue time .
the second is the time taken from the moment a record is [asked for] by the program to the time when accessing and transfer takes place , known as wait time or queue time .

Unmusical clergy may leave every — recruiting , and may not understand the inappropriateness or impracticality of a particular piece of music which has been requested .
unmusical clergy may leave every — recruiting , and may not understand the inappropriateness or impracticality of a particular piece of music which has been [asked for] .

The broken arrows represent relationships whereby information can be requested , but on an ad hoc basis .
the broken arrows represent relationships whereby information can be [asked for] , but on an ad hoc basis .

If the casual worker can not make himself available for the full length of time requested , he is unlikely to be offered the assignment , although exceptions will be made if the organisation is facing a tight labour market and can only cover its manpower requirements by bringing in `` part-timers `` .
if the casual worker can not make himself available for the full length of time [asked for] , he is unlikely to be offered the assignment , although exceptions will be made if the organisation is facing a tight labour market and can only cover its manpower requirements by bringing in `` part-timers `` .

Upon declaring this original domain , the acceptable range of concentration values could be requested .
upon declaring this original domain , the acceptable range of concentration values could be [asked for] .

It is thus proposed that the view representation need not be as complex as the analysis model , but only of sufficient detail to fully explain or show the requested solution .
it is thus proposed that the view representation need not be as complex as the analysis model , but only of sufficient detail to fully explain or show the [asked for] solution .

Should more detail be required then it could be requested by asking for minimum separation or the display of the region local to that minimum .
should more detail be required then it could be [asked for] by asking for minimum separation or the display of the region local to that minimum .

The degree of success , quality and quantity of data can then be requested from the workstation .
the degree of success , quality and quantity of data can then be [asked for] from the workstation .

For a more important vote , or if it is requested by a member of the meeting , a ballot can be taken instead .
for a more important vote , or if it is [asked for] by a member of the meeting , a ballot can be taken instead .

On 3 May he protested that Alexander 's troops were entering areas already liberated by his forces , and requested that these should be withdrawn behind the line of the river Isonzo .
on 3 may he protested that alexander 's troops were entering areas already liberated by his forces , and [asked for] that these should be withdrawn behind the line of the river isonzo .

More specifically , Hocevar requested that Yugoslavs should be given joint-responsibility for all camps which included surrendered Yugoslav nationals .
more specifically , hocevar [asked for] that yugoslavs should be given joint-responsibility for all camps which included surrendered yugoslav nationals .

If a patient is requested to hold up one arm and to count aloud during injection of the drug , the arm on the side contralateral to the side of injection collapses as the drug takes effect .
if a patient is [asked for] to hold up one arm and to count aloud during injection of the drug , the arm on the side contralateral to the side of injection collapses as the drug takes effect .

The point in both appeals was whether the jury should have been allowed to hear the tape recording of the appellant 's interview with the police when they requested it after retirement , it not having been played to them during the course of the trial .
the point in both appeals was whether the jury should have been allowed to hear the tape recording of the appellant 's interview with the police when they [asked for] it after retirement , it not having been played to them during the course of the trial .

It requested recognition , or maintenance even
it [asked for] recognition , or maintenance even

In the first place it was clear that it had been a mistake to let Alexei know that his transfer away from the Praetorian Guard had been requested — because if the boy was looking for an excuse for his antagonism , then the one with which he had just been presented was perfect .
in the first place it was clear that it had been a mistake to let alexei know that his transfer away from the praetorian guard had been [asked for] — because if the boy was looking for an excuse for his antagonism , then the one with which he had just been presented was perfect .

Collection of statistics , such as the housing returns , has always been part of the central department 's work , but the more specific information currently requested that can form part of long-term planning is a relatively recent development .
collection of statistics , such as the housing returns , has always been part of the central department 's work , but the more specific information currently [asked for] that can form part of long-term planning is a relatively recent development .

From further inquiries it seems that the policy in these two community pharmacies , and presumably in many other equally commercial establishments , is not to use the available , but more expensive , child resistant containers unless they are specifically requested by customers .
from further inquiries it seems that the policy in these two community pharmacies , and presumably in many other equally commercial establishments , is not to use the available , but more expensive , child resistant containers unless they are specifically [asked for] by customers .

Publishers are requested to send review copies of books which deal with the water industry to Paul Garrett , Water Bulletin .
publishers are [asked for] to send review copies of books which deal with the water industry to paul garrett , water bulletin .

’ The secretary of state should now require water undertakers to implement fluoridation schemes when they are requested to do so by health authorities , subject to assurances that the proposed schemes are technically feasible and economically sensible .
’ the secretary of state should now require water undertakers to implement fluoridation schemes when they are [asked for] to do so by health authorities , subject to assurances that the proposed schemes are technically feasible and economically sensible .

This information was requested from the registrar general wherever presenile dementia or Alzheimer 's disease was a cause of death before the age of 73 .
this information was [asked for] from the registrar general wherever presenile dementia or alzheimer 's disease was a cause of death before the age of 73 .

The hospital records of 199 patients with presenile dementia who died in institutions other than psychiatric hospitals were requested but only 89 were located because over half of these records were destroyed after death .
the hospital records of 199 patients with presenile dementia who died in institutions other than psychiatric hospitals were [asked for] but only 89 were located because over half of these records were destroyed after death .

( 1 ) The decision about a paper 's suitability for the journal should be an early one , and no revisions should be requested until this decision has been made .
( 1 ) the decision about a paper 's suitability for the journal should be an early one , and no revisions should be [asked for] until this decision has been made .

( 2 ) When revisions are requested there should be a commitment to publish if the criticisms can be met .
( 2 ) when revisions are [asked for] there should be a commitment to publish if the criticisms can be met .

Each district had only one biochemical pathology laboratory , which always measured serum creatinine concentration whenever electrolyte or other biochemical investigations were requested .
each district had only one biochemical pathology laboratory , which always measured serum creatinine concentration whenever electrolyte or other biochemical investigations were [asked for] .

All patients new to the practice are given a temporary folder , which is stamped with the date that the permanent notes were requested from the family health services authority .
all patients new to the practice are given a temporary folder , which is stamped with the date that the permanent notes were [asked for] from the family health services authority .

On that day we scrutinised all the temporary folders in the box and noted the time that had elapsed since the proper notes had been requested .
on that day we scrutinised all the temporary folders in the box and noted the time that had elapsed since the proper notes had been [asked for] .

We requested smears that had not been initially examined at our cytology department for review , and our cytologist 's readings were definitive .
we [asked for] smears that had not been initially examined at our cytology department for review , and our cytologist 's readings were definitive .

Firstly , visits could be claimed if they were requested and made between 2200 and 0800 ( previously 2300 and 0700 ) .
firstly , visits could be claimed if they were [asked for] and made between 2200 and 0800 ( previously 2300 and 0700 ) .

If a more detailed assessment is necessary evaluation by a specialist can be requested , to be completed within an agreed timescale .
if a more detailed assessment is necessary evaluation by a specialist can be [asked for] , to be completed within an agreed timescale .

1837 " It was proposed … that Malcolm McNeill , Esquire , Lossit , be requested to correspond with his friends in Edinburgh to ascertain the best mode of getting a Post office established in Port Ellin … "
1837 " it was proposed … that malcolm mcneill , esquire , lossit , be [asked for] to correspond with his friends in edinburgh to ascertain the best mode of getting a post office established in port ellin … "

The Chairman after a few remarks called upon Mr. Borland to read his Essay on `` Labour , `` after which all the Members in rotation were requested to give their views on the subject .
the chairman after a few remarks called upon mr. borland to read his essay on `` labour , `` after which all the members in rotation were [asked for] to give their views on the subject .

Mr. Osborne stated that he and Mr. Stewart met as requested by the last meeting and made a selection of Thirty-six Books a list of which he had now pleasure of laying before the Meeting for their approval , but the Meeting found that they would need to curtail the list to Twentythree so as not to exceed the ammount of two pounds . ``
mr. osborne stated that he and mr. stewart met as [asked for] by the last meeting and made a selection of thirty-six books a list of which he had now pleasure of laying before the meeting for their approval , but the meeting found that they would need to curtail the list to twentythree so as not to exceed the ammount of two pounds . ``

That the Presbytery be requested to take this matter into their favourable consideration , pass their judgement thereon , transmit it to the proper quarter and in every way in their power forward the interests and wishes of the congregation towards obtaining the sanction of the General Assembly .
that the presbytery be [asked for] to take this matter into their favourable consideration , pass their judgement thereon , transmit it to the proper quarter and in every way in their power forward the interests and wishes of the congregation towards obtaining the sanction of the general assembly .

( 1 ) Patients receive prompts for blood and urine tests six monthly unless more frequent review is requested by the general practitioner
( 1 ) patients receive prompts for blood and urine tests six monthly unless more frequent review is [asked for] by the general practitioner

Service input ( difference between services requested and offered , time taken to deliver services )
service input ( difference between services [asked for] and offered , time taken to deliver services )

The requested numbers of psychogeriatric beds may be defined precisely .
the [asked for] numbers of psychogeriatric beds may be defined precisely .

They requested permission to work on their own in a small area immediately outside the classroom , collected paper and felts , decided between them how to take turns to scribe .
they [asked for] permission to work on their own in a small area immediately outside the classroom , collected paper and felts , decided between them how to take turns to scribe .

In 1982 pre-hearing assessments were requested in six per cent of cases filed , about half by the tribunal of its own motion .
in 1982 pre-hearing assessments were [asked for] in six per cent of cases filed , about half by the tribunal of its own motion .

In 1982 , 78 per cent of cases in which pre-hearing assessments had been requested did not proceed to a full hearing .
in 1982 , 78 per cent of cases in which pre-hearing assessments had been [asked for] did not proceed to a full hearing .

The previous week , Virgin had requested immediate permission to go over the facility by some £200,000 , to meet short-term outgoings for the airline ( to pay , in fact , for the engine which had expired on the air-operator 's test flight ) .
the previous week , virgin had [asked for] immediate permission to go over the facility by some £200,000 , to meet short-term outgoings for the airline ( to pay , in fact , for the engine which had expired on the air-operator 's test flight ) .

‘ Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — … ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation .
‘ notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the [asked for] state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — … ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation .

‘ Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — ( a ) the person , institution or other body having the care of the person of the child was not actually exercising the custody rights at the time of removal or retention , or had consented to or subsequently acquiesced in the removal or retention ; or ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation . …
‘ notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the [asked for] state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — ( a ) the person , institution or other body having the care of the person of the child was not actually exercising the custody rights at the time of removal or retention , or had consented to or subsequently acquiesced in the removal or retention ; or ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation . …

’ The Commission is requested to give detailed particulars of this possibility and of the measures adopted or to be adopted with a view to establishing this integrated system .
’ the commission is [asked for] to give detailed particulars of this possibility and of the measures adopted or to be adopted with a view to establishing this integrated system .

Ltd. be given the assurance requested .
ltd. be given the assurance [asked for] .

The official receiver must make such an application if requested to do so by one half , in value , of the creditors unless the court orders otherwise ( s 290 ( 2 ) ) .
the official receiver must make such an application if [asked for] to do so by one half , in value , of the creditors unless the court orders otherwise ( s 290 ( 2 ) ) .

Going back a few years , Treasure Hunting , January 1983 issue , contains an article concerning a button that had been found , and requested information on the unit mentioned .
going back a few years , treasure hunting , january 1983 issue , contains an article concerning a button that had been found , and [asked for] information on the unit mentioned .

The audience response was equally enthusiastic and Hannah was urgently requested to return to take part in The Wogan Christmas Show .
the audience response was equally enthusiastic and hannah was urgently [asked for] to return to take part in the wogan christmas show .

( 7 ) An application for an occasional licence under this section shall be made in writing to the clerk of the licensing board and shall specify the name and address of the applicant , the premises or place and occasion for which the licence is required , and the hours and period for which the licence is requested .
( 7 ) an application for an occasional licence under this section shall be made in writing to the clerk of the licensing board and shall specify the name and address of the applicant , the premises or place and occasion for which the licence is required , and the hours and period for which the licence is [asked for] .

However , the High Court of Justiciary considered the supply of excisable liquor outwith the permitted hours where an extension of the permitted hours had been granted for the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor to persons taking a table meal , and the liquor had been supplied to persons who had not requested or been provided with a meal .
however , the high court of justiciary considered the supply of excisable liquor outwith the permitted hours where an extension of the permitted hours had been granted for the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor to persons taking a table meal , and the liquor had been supplied to persons who had not [asked for] or been provided with a meal .

This information is supplemented by reports requested from the Education Welfare Service and Schools Psychological Service .
this information is supplemented by reports [asked for] from the education welfare service and schools psychological service .

Whilst the pupil agrees to be polite , attend punctually , behave considerately and ask for permission before leaving the premises the staff agree to provide specific curricular inputs requested by the pupil and to secure a place for him or her back in an orthodox school .
whilst the pupil agrees to be polite , attend punctually , behave considerately and ask for permission before leaving the premises the staff agree to provide specific curricular inputs [asked for] by the pupil and to secure a place for him or her back in an orthodox school .

He had been involved in housebreaking and an assessment had been requested .
he had been involved in housebreaking and an assessment had been [asked for] .

Jim was due to leave another school in the area at Christmas 1984 and shortly before summer 1984 a panel hearing was requested due to Jim 's non-attendance at school and the theft of a pushbike .
jim was due to leave another school in the area at christmas 1984 and shortly before summer 1984 a panel hearing was [asked for] due to jim 's non-attendance at school and the theft of a pushbike .

One , she felt , was taking advantage of Bernard and her by knowing about the business — he had requested some shares in the company , which she considered an outrageous request ; another had called her by her Christian name which was equally unacceptable .
one , she felt , was taking advantage of bernard and her by knowing about the business — he had [asked for] some shares in the company , which she considered an outrageous request ; another had called her by her christian name which was equally unacceptable .

Nevertheless , one of their licencees had requested this and , since it was a lucrative contract , Bernard had told him to go ahead and produce it .
nevertheless , one of their licencees had [asked for] this and , since it was a lucrative contract , bernard had told him to go ahead and produce it .

She requested all telexes to be collected and sent out to her each week .
she [asked for] all telexes to be collected and sent out to her each week .

Usually the mother offered and the prospective adoptive parents requested either a weekly sum or , more commonly , a premium or lump sum of anything between £5 and £100 .
usually the mother offered and the prospective adoptive parents [asked for] either a weekly sum or , more commonly , a premium or lump sum of anything between £5 and £100 .

This has been enacted in the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1958 which required those tribunals listed in the Act to give a statement , written or oral , of the reasons for a decision , if requested by the individual .
this has been enacted in the tribunals and inquiries act 1958 which required those tribunals listed in the act to give a statement , written or oral , of the reasons for a decision , if [asked for] by the individual .

‘ And His Majesty has particularly requested your presence .
‘ and his majesty has particularly [asked for] your presence .

The lenders were requested to work out these costs over three periods — one year , three years and five years .
the lenders were [asked for] to work out these costs over three periods — one year , three years and five years .

Complete or partial tenders will be requested to meet the objectives which are that the service will be available for non-commercial traffic in connection with academic , government and industrial research activities and , in doing so , it must not contravene any European or national laws or regulations .
complete or partial tenders will be [asked for] to meet the objectives which are that the service will be available for non-commercial traffic in connection with academic , government and industrial research activities and , in doing so , it must not contravene any european or national laws or regulations .

Figures from Infolink show credit demand in the retail sector ( as indicated by volume of credit searches requested ) continuing to recover slowly , standing in October 11.1% above October 1990 ( compared with 7.3% September on September , and 6.1% August on August ) .
figures from infolink show credit demand in the retail sector ( as indicated by volume of credit searches [asked for] ) continuing to recover slowly , standing in october 11.1% above october 1990 ( compared with 7.3% september on september , and 6.1% august on august ) .

The magazine requested reports from 44 of the 51 water supply areas in Britain .
the magazine [asked for] reports from 44 of the 51 water supply areas in britain .

The Serious Fraud Office , however , wanted more , and requested copies of all the liquidators ' transcripts of the earlier interviews with the 16 .
the serious fraud office , however , wanted more , and [asked for] copies of all the liquidators ' transcripts of the earlier interviews with the 16 .

The police had brought a suit he 'd requested from his flat and he 'd changed into that , shaved and smartened himself up .
the police had brought a suit he 'd [asked for] from his flat and he 'd changed into that , shaved and smartened himself up .

He died in September 1659 and was buried in Westminster Abbey ; in his will he had requested that he should be buried near to Agarde 's monument there .
he died in september 1659 and was buried in westminster abbey ; in his will he had [asked for] that he should be buried near to agarde 's monument there .

requested the loan of a philosophy text assigned to him ( Monumenta Franciscana , vol .
[asked for] the loan of a philosophy text assigned to him ( monumenta franciscana , vol .

Characteristically , he charged considerably more than had been agreed for the work ; the ewer and basin weighed 570 ounces , substantially more than the requested maximum .
characteristically , he charged considerably more than had been agreed for the work ; the ewer and basin weighed 570 ounces , substantially more than the [asked for] maximum .

Garrard died 27 September 1571 and was buried , as he had requested , in the church of St Magnus the Martyr .
garrard died 27 september 1571 and was buried , as he had [asked for] , in the church of st magnus the martyr .

( 3 ) If any constable reasonably suspects any person of committing an offence under the foregoing provisions of this section , he may if requested to do so by the chairman of the meeting require that person to declare to him immediately his name and address and , if that person refuses or fails to so declare his name and address or gives a false name and address he shall be guilty of an offence under this subsection .
( 3 ) if any constable reasonably suspects any person of committing an offence under the foregoing provisions of this section , he may if [asked for] to do so by the chairman of the meeting require that person to declare to him immediately his name and address and , if that person refuses or fails to so declare his name and address or gives a false name and address he shall be guilty of an offence under this subsection .

The appellants left when requested by the police to do so , but remained loitering outside the door of the club .
the appellants left when [asked for] by the police to do so , but remained loitering outside the door of the club .

The defendant cycled through a red light and refused when requested to do so , to give his name and address to the police .
the defendant cycled through a red light and refused when [asked for] to do so , to give his name and address to the police .

If we assume that accountants play a passive role in this , namely that they provide only what is expressly requested , then we build our accounting theory on that .
if we assume that accountants play a passive role in this , namely that they provide only what is expressly [asked for] , then we build our accounting theory on that .

They were sitting on the terrace admiring the sunset when Monsieur Gauthier announced with distaste that ‘ that flic ’ was in reception and had requested a word with Melissa .
they were sitting on the terrace admiring the sunset when monsieur gauthier announced with distaste that ‘ that flic ’ was in reception and had [asked for] a word with melissa .

Overall , whilst this variation undoubtedly includes examples of good assessment practice , there is also evidence that the general level of social services assessment of older people is restricted to the assessment of need for specific services , often requested by a carer , a general practitioner , or other third party , frequently undertaken by untrained ancillary staff ( Means , 1981 ; Black et al .
overall , whilst this variation undoubtedly includes examples of good assessment practice , there is also evidence that the general level of social services assessment of older people is restricted to the assessment of need for specific services , often [asked for] by a carer , a general practitioner , or other third party , frequently undertaken by untrained ancillary staff ( means , 1981 ; black et al .

Although my master hated travelling , he did not hesitate to do as she requested .
although my master hated travelling , he did not hesitate to do as she [asked for] .

‘ The master of the house has requested your presence . ’
‘ the master of the house has [asked for] your presence . ’

The Board members were impressed and requested similar presentations for the entire staff .
the board members were impressed and [asked for] similar presentations for the entire staff .

During the next few months , Network Development will be stepping up its search for possible locations , and branches will often be requested to supply local knowledge when new sites are identified .
during the next few months , network development will be stepping up its search for possible locations , and branches will often be [asked for] to supply local knowledge when new sites are identified .

Clients must not be requested to assist in the physical restraint of a fellow client .
clients must not be [asked for] to assist in the physical restraint of a fellow client .

Chess Club An alternative meeting night is requested as the noise from activities in the hall is proving inconvenient when matches are in progress .
chess club an alternative meeting night is [asked for] as the noise from activities in the hall is proving inconvenient when matches are in progress .

Tickets were retained and handed over for juice and crisps when requested .
tickets were retained and handed over for juice and crisps when [asked for] .

The senior club has maintained its numbers and an outing to Burntisland has been requested .
the senior club has maintained its numbers and an outing to burntisland has been [asked for] .

An important figure in the stimulation of James ' intellect , Constantine had been developing his own political ideas whilst residing in the industrial heartland of Lancashire , and he now requested James ' help in the formation of his autobiography .
an important figure in the stimulation of james ' intellect , constantine had been developing his own political ideas whilst residing in the industrial heartland of lancashire , and he now [asked for] james ' help in the formation of his autobiography .

Some school staff requested information about Church thinking on Catholic schools .
some school staff [asked for] information about church thinking on catholic schools .

It is thus possible that in the course of the next few years Council will assign the headship for a period to the holder of the Halford Mackinder Professorship , who will among those carrying an obligation to serve if so requested .
it is thus possible that in the course of the next few years council will assign the headship for a period to the holder of the halford mackinder professorship , who will among those carrying an obligation to serve if so [asked for] .

The duties of the professor are , in summary , to pursue original research in the archaeology and art of Rome and its empire ; to give in each academic year at least 36 lectures and classes ; to promote the study of Roman Art and Archaeology at undergraduate level both in the Honour School of Literae Humaniores and related joint schools and in the new Honour School of Archaeology and Anthropology ; to play a leading part in the guidance , supervision , encouragement and examination of graduate students ; and also , when requested to take part in undergraduate examinations .
the duties of the professor are , in summary , to pursue original research in the archaeology and art of rome and its empire ; to give in each academic year at least 36 lectures and classes ; to promote the study of roman art and archaeology at undergraduate level both in the honour school of literae humaniores and related joint schools and in the new honour school of archaeology and anthropology ; to play a leading part in the guidance , supervision , encouragement and examination of graduate students ; and also , when [asked for] to take part in undergraduate examinations .

Under the scheme , discussions with appraisers are held every five years , and more frequently if requested by appraisers or appraisees .
under the scheme , discussions with appraisers are held every five years , and more frequently if [asked for] by appraisers or appraisees .

It shall be the duty of every professor to act as an examiner or assessor as and when requested to do so by a nominating committee or other competent body unless he can show reasonable cause to the satisfaction of the Vice-Chancellor and Proctors why on a particular occasion he should not do so .
it shall be the duty of every professor to act as an examiner or assessor as and when [asked for] to do so by a nominating committee or other competent body unless he can show reasonable cause to the satisfaction of the vice-chancellor and proctors why on a particular occasion he should not do so .

It shall be the duty of every professor to act as the supervisor of graduate students as and when requested to do so by a faculty board or other competent body , unless he can show reasonable cause , to the satisfaction of that board or other body , why on a particular occasion he should not do so .
it shall be the duty of every professor to act as the supervisor of graduate students as and when [asked for] to do so by a faculty board or other competent body , unless he can show reasonable cause , to the satisfaction of that board or other body , why on a particular occasion he should not do so .

5.13.2 If called upon to do so to furnish to the Landlord the Surveyor or any person acting as the third party determining the rent in default of agreement between the parties under any provisions for rent review contained in this Lease such information as may [ reasonably ] be requested in writing in relation to any pending or intended step under the 1954 Act or the implementation of any provisions for rent review This seems quite innocuous but an unreasonable landlord could become a nuisance and apart from ensuring that " reasonably " is included , the tenant should also begin each subclause as follows : If called upon to do so ( but not more frequently than may be reasonable )
5.13.2 if called upon to do so to furnish to the landlord the surveyor or any person acting as the third party determining the rent in default of agreement between the parties under any provisions for rent review contained in this lease such information as may [ reasonably ] be [asked for] in writing in relation to any pending or intended step under the 1954 act or the implementation of any provisions for rent review this seems quite innocuous but an unreasonable landlord could become a nuisance and apart from ensuring that " reasonably " is included , the tenant should also begin each subclause as follows : if called upon to do so ( but not more frequently than may be reasonable )

9.13 Tenant 's property If after the Tenant has vacated the Premises on the expiry of the Term any property of the Tenant remains in or on the Premises and the Tenant fails to remove it within [ 7 ] days after being requested in writing by the Landlord to do so or if after using [ its ] best endeavours the Landlord is unable to make such a request to the Tenant within [ 14 ] days from the first attempt so made by the Landlord :
9.13 tenant 's property if after the tenant has vacated the premises on the expiry of the term any property of the tenant remains in or on the premises and the tenant fails to remove it within [ 7 ] days after being [asked for] in writing by the landlord to do so or if after using [ its ] best endeavours the landlord is unable to make such a request to the tenant within [ 14 ] days from the first attempt so made by the landlord :

An authority whose help is requested must comply with the request if it is compatible with its own duties and obligations and does not unduly prejudice the discharge of any of its own functions ( s27(2) ) .
an authority whose help is [asked for] must comply with the request if it is compatible with its own duties and obligations and does not unduly prejudice the discharge of any of its own functions ( s27(2) ) .

References may be requested in borderline cases .
references may be [asked for] in borderline cases .

In the five years since this judgment , Parliament has shown little interest , although the Labour Party has endorsed a proposal that those in the distribution business should be under a legal obligation to supply any publication requested by their customers — a reform which would require abolition of the rule that distributors can be held responsible for particular defamations of which they have no knowledge but which are nonetheless contained in libel-prone publications .
in the five years since this judgment , parliament has shown little interest , although the labour party has endorsed a proposal that those in the distribution business should be under a legal obligation to supply any publication [asked for] by their customers — a reform which would require abolition of the rule that distributors can be held responsible for particular defamations of which they have no knowledge but which are nonetheless contained in libel-prone publications .

‘ You requested the attendance of a doctor .
‘ you [asked for] the attendance of a doctor .

In conclusion the Executive requested Stafford Cripps : to reaffirm his allegiance to the Labour Party within the meaning of the Constitution , Programme , Principles and Policy of the Party , and to withdraw his Memorandum by circular to the persons and organisations to whom it was addressed .
in conclusion the executive [asked for] stafford cripps : to reaffirm his allegiance to the labour party within the meaning of the constitution , programme , principles and policy of the party , and to withdraw his memorandum by circular to the persons and organisations to whom it was addressed .

Alternatively , customers are requested to pay first , with the offer of a refund if the program proves unsuitable .
alternatively , customers are [asked for] to pay first , with the offer of a refund if the program proves unsuitable .

The registrar does have a discretion to allow inspection of a filed transfer ( Land Registration Rules 1925 , r290 ( 1 ) ) ; but it is obviously better either to have a duplicate of the transfer or a separate declaration of trust so that exercise of the discretion does not have to be requested .
the registrar does have a discretion to allow inspection of a filed transfer ( land registration rules 1925 , r290 ( 1 ) ) ; but it is obviously better either to have a duplicate of the transfer or a separate declaration of trust so that exercise of the discretion does not have to be [asked for] .

In appreciation of the eccentric 's efforts ( regardless of intent ) in saving 44 World War Two aircraft from the scrap pile , Bob requested and was granted the Canadian civil registration C-Gevs in memory of the late Ernest Van Simmons .
in appreciation of the eccentric 's efforts ( regardless of intent ) in saving 44 world war two aircraft from the scrap pile , bob [asked for] and was granted the canadian civil registration c-gevs in memory of the late ernest van simmons .

The reports on ceefax say that he requested the move .
the reports on ceefax say that he [asked for] the move .

This could be qualitative where the Bank of England requested the banks to discriminate between borrowers .
this could be qualitative where the bank of england [asked for] the banks to discriminate between borrowers .

This was where the Bank of England requested banks to restrict total lending .
this was where the bank of england [asked for] banks to restrict total lending .

At appointed hours , Mandy informed her , a golf cart went up and collected luggage from the covered box in the car park , and also delivered infirm guests up the long hill if they so requested .
at appointed hours , mandy informed her , a golf cart went up and collected luggage from the covered box in the car park , and also delivered infirm guests up the long hill if they so [asked for] .

‘ That 's a relief , ’ he replied drolly , but there was amusement in his eyes , she was glad to note , and as he took an easy-chair opposite he requested , ‘ Please do . ’
‘ that 's a relief , ’ he replied drolly , but there was amusement in his eyes , she was glad to note , and as he took an easy-chair opposite he [asked for] , ‘ please do . ’

‘ Forgive me , my darling , ’ he requested with such charm that she was ready to lie down and die for him .
‘ forgive me , my darling , ’ he [asked for] with such charm that she was ready to lie down and die for him .

’ she requested .
’ she [asked for] .

There was a long long silence , then , ‘ Look after him for me , Leith , ’ Rosemary requested , and rang off .
there was a long long silence , then , ‘ look after him for me , leith , ’ rosemary [asked for] , and rang off .

‘ Will you give him this ? ’ Leith requested , and went back to her own office , where for the next twenty minutes she tried to pick up the threads of her job .
‘ will you give him this ? ’ leith [asked for] , and went back to her own office , where for the next twenty minutes she tried to pick up the threads of her job .

She was here to work , to wend her way among the clusters of people gathered around the groaning buffet tables , to smile like a wax mannequin and to stop when requested , to pirouette and offer the same answer to each question about her gown whether it dealt with size , colour , fabric , price or availability .
she was here to work , to wend her way among the clusters of people gathered around the groaning buffet tables , to smile like a wax mannequin and to stop when [asked for] , to pirouette and offer the same answer to each question about her gown whether it dealt with size , colour , fabric , price or availability .

The director , Peter Wood , made Orton — who had personally requested him to direct it — do the rewrites .
the director , peter wood , made orton — who had personally [asked for] him to direct it — do the rewrites .

Where a document is to be served by a bailiff , the proper officer of the bailiff 's court shall , if so requested , take such steps as may be necessary to provide evidence on which an order for substituted service may be made ( Ord 7 , r 8(2) ) .
where a document is to be served by a bailiff , the proper officer of the bailiff 's court shall , if so [asked for] , take such steps as may be necessary to provide evidence on which an order for substituted service may be made ( ord 7 , r 8(2) ) .

The requirements are : ( 1 ) amended request ; ( 2 ) plaint note ; ( 3 ) addressed envelope , if requested by post .
the requirements are : ( 1 ) amended request ; ( 2 ) plaint note ; ( 3 ) addressed envelope , if [asked for] by post .

The requirements are : ( 1 ) amendment request ; ( 2 ) plaint note , to show amended return day ; ( 3 ) addressed envelope , if requested by post .
the requirements are : ( 1 ) amendment request ; ( 2 ) plaint note , to show amended return day ; ( 3 ) addressed envelope , if [asked for] by post .

Where service is requested in Scotland or Northern Ireland see Ord 8 , r 5 .
where service is [asked for] in scotland or northern ireland see ord 8 , r 5 .

The court may treat the hearing of an application where no pre-trial date has been fixed as a pre-trial review ( Ord 13 , r 2(4) ) , and can be requested to do so .
the court may treat the hearing of an application where no pre-trial date has been fixed as a pre-trial review ( ord 13 , r 2(4) ) , and can be [asked for] to do so .

The objections will be considered without the presence of the parties unless a hearing has been requested .
the objections will be considered without the presence of the parties unless a hearing has been [asked for] .

If a person wishes to have the registration of a judgment noted because the judgment has been satisfied , the party should make a request in writing to the district judge of the county court supported by confirmation from the creditor or a written statement that this was requested and not provided .
if a person wishes to have the registration of a judgment noted because the judgment has been satisfied , the party should make a request in writing to the district judge of the county court supported by confirmation from the creditor or a written statement that this was [asked for] and not provided .

Comments on the Green Paper have been requested by 14 January 1994 and it is at the time of writing too soon to predict what the ultimate shape of the implementing legislation will be .
comments on the green paper have been [asked for] by 14 january 1994 and it is at the time of writing too soon to predict what the ultimate shape of the implementing legislation will be .

9.1.1.3 the defective goods shall be returned to the Seller 's factory at the Purchaser 's expense if so requested by the Seller .
9.1.1.3 the defective goods shall be returned to the seller 's factory at the purchaser 's expense if so [asked for] by the seller .

Information about the employees will be requested either by the accountants in compiling their report , or by the lawyers in their pre-contract enquiries and disclosure against warranties .
information about the employees will be [asked for] either by the accountants in compiling their report , or by the lawyers in their pre-contract enquiries and disclosure against warranties .

It is often agreed as a balance against the more controversial `` forced sale `` provisions ( see below ) which are more frequently requested by investors .
it is often agreed as a balance against the more controversial `` forced sale `` provisions ( see below ) which are more frequently [asked for] by investors .

( It can be embarrassing to discover that the information requested was in fact supplied to the purchaser six weeks before the date of the request . )
( it can be embarrassing to discover that the information [asked for] was in fact supplied to the purchaser six weeks before the date of the request . )

However , the purchaser should bear in mind that some of the information supplied previously is historic and revised updates should be requested .
however , the purchaser should bear in mind that some of the information supplied previously is historic and revised updates should be [asked for] .

Generally the more information requested the longer it will take for the purchaser and its solicitors to review .
generally the more information [asked for] the longer it will take for the purchaser and its solicitors to review .

One of the most outspoken proponents of commercial whaling in Japan , the Fisheries Agency , has requested funds to conduct a survey to assess the potential for developing a `` whale-watching industry `` as a tourist attraction .
one of the most outspoken proponents of commercial whaling in japan , the fisheries agency , has [asked for] funds to conduct a survey to assess the potential for developing a `` whale-watching industry `` as a tourist attraction .

Several others , however , including one individual who testified that he had suffered discriminatory treatment from his employers because of views he had expressed in public about the political situation , requested that their names be withheld from the final report , because they felt that their jobs and perhaps even their very lives would be at risk .
several others , however , including one individual who testified that he had suffered discriminatory treatment from his employers because of views he had expressed in public about the political situation , [asked for] that their names be withheld from the final report , because they felt that their jobs and perhaps even their very lives would be at risk .

When a message allowed unambiguous identification of the requested target , children directed their gaze back and forwards across the array relatively infrequently .
when a message allowed unambiguous identification of the [asked for] target , children directed their gaze back and forwards across the array relatively infrequently .

Not surprisingly a number of international organisations have requested an advisory opinion on the interpretation of their own constitutive treaty , or of an instrument to which a particular organisation is a party , or which it was instrumental in drafting and having adopted .
not surprisingly a number of international organisations have [asked for] an advisory opinion on the interpretation of their own constitutive treaty , or of an instrument to which a particular organisation is a party , or which it was instrumental in drafting and having adopted .

" Why , what has happened to them ? " said Clara , who felt such a question to be not impertinent but positively requested .
" why , what has happened to them ? " said clara , who felt such a question to be not impertinent but positively [asked for] .

It was situated close to the United Nations headquarters as well as being only three blocks away from the African American Institute which Mobuto had requested to see at some point during his visit .
it was situated close to the united nations headquarters as well as being only three blocks away from the african american institute which mobuto had [asked for] to see at some point during his visit .

As the people of Stockport were taking care of the repairs to the School and contributing to the Master 's salary , they requested permission to appoint a new man without the formality of an interview before the Company in London , which would necessitate an expensive and inconvenient journey .
as the people of stockport were taking care of the repairs to the school and contributing to the master 's salary , they [asked for] permission to appoint a new man without the formality of an interview before the company in london , which would necessitate an expensive and inconvenient journey .

In view of the passage of time , the Goldsmiths increased this amount to £575 , and requested that the School should remove from the buildings the stone inscriptions bearing witness to their former patronage .
in view of the passage of time , the goldsmiths increased this amount to £575 , and [asked for] that the school should remove from the buildings the stone inscriptions bearing witness to their former patronage .

Eventually the Washington authorities requested the help of the army in clearing the site .
eventually the washington authorities [asked for] the help of the army in clearing the site .

So the main American concern after Suez was the obvious possibility of increased Russian influence in the Middle East , taking advantage of the divisions between the Western Allies , Eisenhower moved quickly , and in March 1957 , Congress approved a resolution giving the President power to grant economic and military aid to any Middle Eastern power which requested it .
so the main american concern after suez was the obvious possibility of increased russian influence in the middle east , taking advantage of the divisions between the western allies , eisenhower moved quickly , and in march 1957 , congress approved a resolution giving the president power to grant economic and military aid to any middle eastern power which [asked for] it .

Two minutes later the crew again indicated that they were very short on fuel and requested a short approach .
two minutes later the crew again indicated that they were very short on fuel and [asked for] a short approach .

The only modification offered by Law in response to the outcry from Unionist free-traders was that food taxes would be imposed only if requested by the Dominions ; after his talks with Borden , there was no doubt about this anyway .
the only modification offered by law in response to the outcry from unionist free-traders was that food taxes would be imposed only if [asked for] by the dominions ; after his talks with borden , there was no doubt about this anyway .

According to Ravik Smirnov , Deputy Chairman of the Supreme Soviet Cultural Commission , the Georgians have already requested the return of knives and weapons from the Kremlin Armoury ; Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan have asked for the return of carpets , the Armenians lay claim to the seascape painter Ayvazovskiy , while the Ukrainians want the Cossack Blades .
according to ravik smirnov , deputy chairman of the supreme soviet cultural commission , the georgians have already [asked for] the return of knives and weapons from the kremlin armoury ; uzbekistan and turkmenistan have asked for the return of carpets , the armenians lay claim to the seascape painter ayvazovskiy , while the ukrainians want the cossack blades .

Salvador Allende Foundation has requested help from Barcelona to create a new art museum in Chile
salvador allende foundation has [asked for] help from barcelona to create a new art museum in chile

He added that several other governments have requested copies of the draft bill from the Sri Lankan government .
he added that several other governments have [asked for] copies of the draft bill from the sri lankan government .

Article 11 is not intended to , nor does it , allow a requesting State to require a requested State to return an object illegally exported before the entry into force of the Convention .
article 11 is not intended to , nor does it , allow a requesting state to require a [asked for] state to return an object illegally exported before the entry into force of the convention .

Article 11 can hardly be said , therefore , to ‘ weaken ’ the Convention it allows States who wish to be more generous to a claimant than the minimum standards set out in the earlier articles to do so , but not for more than minimum standards to be imposed by a requesting State on a requested State .
article 11 can hardly be said , therefore , to ‘ weaken ’ the convention it allows states who wish to be more generous to a claimant than the minimum standards set out in the earlier articles to do so , but not for more than minimum standards to be imposed by a requesting state on a [asked for] state .

The member state from which the object has been illegally exported the ‘ requesting state ’ can take the possessor of the object to court in the country where the object is located the ‘ requested state ’ .
the member state from which the object has been illegally exported the ‘ requesting state ’ can take the possessor of the object to court in the country where the object is located the ‘ [asked for] state ’ .

The careers service will also try to give personal help if requested .
the careers service will also try to give personal help if [asked for] .

Complete the form fully and clearly , attaching the documentation requested on the form .
complete the form fully and clearly , attaching the documentation [asked for] on the form .

He first requested leave of absence from court to stay with the dying earl at Wilton , in order to prevent him from giving his inheritance elsewhere .
he first [asked for] leave of absence from court to stay with the dying earl at wilton , in order to prevent him from giving his inheritance elsewhere .

Hawarde thus had to pay out quite largely for a service that he had never requested .
hawarde thus had to pay out quite largely for a service that he had never [asked for] .

‘ In one far from isolated case , the court requested a pre-sentence report for a shoplifting offence and we believe it was because the girl was pregnant .
‘ in one far from isolated case , the court [asked for] a pre-sentence report for a shoplifting offence and we believe it was because the girl was pregnant .

Rooms must be allocated and charted on the reservation and room status charts so that not only the clients get the type of accommodation they have requested but also the hotel achieves the maximum occupancy of the rooms .
rooms must be allocated and charted on the reservation and room status charts so that not only the clients get the type of accommodation they have [asked for] but also the hotel achieves the maximum occupancy of the rooms .

Non-returnable deposits are usually requested from overseas visitors booking in advance , and resort hotels whose business is seasonal also usually request a deposit to confirm a booking .
non-returnable deposits are usually [asked for] from overseas visitors booking in advance , and resort hotels whose business is seasonal also usually request a deposit to confirm a booking .

If a guest has indicated that he/she intends to settle by credit card , on arrival of the guest the credit card is requested and an imprint of the card is taken and signed by the guest .
if a guest has indicated that he/she intends to settle by credit card , on arrival of the guest the credit card is [asked for] and an imprint of the card is taken and signed by the guest .

An estimated value of the articles is sometimes requested in order that the hotel can be adequately covered by insurance .
an estimated value of the articles is sometimes [asked for] in order that the hotel can be adequately covered by insurance .

The models and types may vary , but usually the guest is given one key to the box for which a signature is requested , and the particulars are recorded in a key receipt book .
the models and types may vary , but usually the guest is given one key to the box for which a signature is [asked for] , and the particulars are recorded in a key receipt book .

If a guest has no luggage , payment in advance is usually requested .
if a guest has no luggage , payment in advance is usually [asked for] .

Reception staff at hotels are often instructed that where they feel cautious about a prospective guest 's ability to pay the final bill , payment shall be requested in advance .
reception staff at hotels are often instructed that where they feel cautious about a prospective guest 's ability to pay the final bill , payment shall be [asked for] in advance .

This form is to be completed if any of the following actions is requested :
this form is to be completed if any of the following actions is [asked for] :

This form is to be completed if the transfer of material for photocomposition is requested .
this form is to be completed if the transfer of material for photocomposition is [asked for] .

The form should have the Version Number box completed if a single entry is requested to be transferred .
the form should have the version number box completed if a single entry is [asked for] to be transferred .

Prenatal diagnosis , however , has been performed on the fetus of the aunt of one boy , and genetic counselling has been requested by several other members of the extended families .
prenatal diagnosis , however , has been performed on the fetus of the aunt of one boy , and genetic counselling has been [asked for] by several other members of the extended families .

The person who requested the change will be informed of the decision via his manager .
the person who [asked for] the change will be informed of the decision via his manager .

The Development Manager will then inform the person who requested the change .
the development manager will then inform the person who [asked for] the change .

for changes which are rejected , but do not require resolution by the Director , Information Systems , inform the Development Manager and the Manager of the person who requested the change of the decision by sending them copies of the Change Review Forms
for changes which are rejected , but do not require resolution by the director , information systems , inform the development manager and the manager of the person who [asked for] the change of the decision by sending them copies of the change review forms

inform the Development Manager and the Manager of the person who requested the change of the decision taken by sending them a copy of the Change Review Form
inform the development manager and the manager of the person who [asked for] the change of the decision taken by sending them a copy of the change review form

inform the person who requested the change that it is complete
inform the person who [asked for] the change that it is complete

The Change Coordinator will inform the person who requested the change that it has been implemented .
the change coordinator will inform the person who [asked for] the change that it has been implemented .

Requested by : the name of the person requesting the change
[asked for] by : the name of the person requesting the change

Requested by : Date :
[asked for] by : date :

Requested by : the name of the person requesting the change , entered on receipt of the Change Request Form
[asked for] by : the name of the person requesting the change , entered on receipt of the change request form

Description : a brief description of the requested change , entered on receipt of the Change Request Form
description : a brief description of the [asked for] change , entered on receipt of the change request form

the name of the person who requested the change
the name of the person who [asked for] the change

As Kellerman says , Eventually , faced by a less than resolute and tactically naive president , congress agreed a tax-cutting package of nearly $ 7 billion more than Ford had requested .
as kellerman says , eventually , faced by a less than resolute and tactically naive president , congress agreed a tax-cutting package of nearly $ 7 billion more than ford had [asked for] .

’ An energy policy was , however , not surprisingly not quickly agreed ; it passed only after a long and bitter struggle that extended through most of Carter 's term of office and the package of measures finally agreed was inevitably different and weaker than the one the White House had originally requested .
’ an energy policy was , however , not surprisingly not quickly agreed ; it passed only after a long and bitter struggle that extended through most of carter 's term of office and the package of measures finally agreed was inevitably different and weaker than the one the white house had originally [asked for] .

On 16 April the House Budget Committee reported out a budget resolution that incorporated $ 15.8 billion in cuts — $ 20 billion less than the administration had requested — and the battle was now joined for the votes of those who could make or break the president 's programme , the Gypsy Moths and the Boll Weevils .
on 16 april the house budget committee reported out a budget resolution that incorporated $ 15.8 billion in cuts — $ 20 billion less than the administration had [asked for] — and the battle was now joined for the votes of those who could make or break the president 's programme , the gypsy moths and the boll weevils .

This table , together with the Lemma table , is used for generating such reports as may be requested by lexicographers .
this table , together with the lemma table , is used for generating such reports as may be [asked for] by lexicographers .

The Computer Group will confine their activities to producing reports requested by lexicographers and to the production of low volumes of proofs when these are required .
the computer group will confine their activities to producing reports [asked for] by lexicographers and to the production of low volumes of proofs when these are required .

Tasks Requested by Lexicographers but Managed by the Computer Group
tasks [asked for] by lexicographers but managed by the computer group

Increasing workload within the same length of working day : this would again produce poorer responses for lexicographers but in addition batch processes would be requested more frequently and this would require either that they run during normal working hours or that Computer Services staff would need to work more unsocial hours .
increasing workload within the same length of working day : this would again produce poorer responses for lexicographers but in addition batch processes would be [asked for] more frequently and this would require either that they run during normal working hours or that computer services staff would need to work more unsocial hours .

The micro is used simply as a device for presenting information as requested by the teacher — an electronic variant of the blackboard or overhead projector which uses the computer 's talents , for example , to do graphs , display pictures , record and reproduce data , or perform calculations .
the micro is used simply as a device for presenting information as [asked for] by the teacher — an electronic variant of the blackboard or overhead projector which uses the computer 's talents , for example , to do graphs , display pictures , record and reproduce data , or perform calculations .

The letter was brief , and couched in the most guarded terms ; it reported a half-yearly profit to the end of December , but also added that there had been some deterioration in the product and requested a fresh consignment , preferably of foreign origin .
the letter was brief , and couched in the most guarded terms ; it reported a half-yearly profit to the end of december , but also added that there had been some deterioration in the product and [asked for] a fresh consignment , preferably of foreign origin .

Katherine made a brief expression of annoyance ; this was the third time Lumley had requested fresh stock — she would have to do something about it , and him .
katherine made a brief expression of annoyance ; this was the third time lumley had [asked for] fresh stock — she would have to do something about it , and him .

There were many tales of his requested visits to farms and country cottages .
there were many tales of his [asked for] visits to farms and country cottages .

The surgeon requested urgent investigations , a barium enema ( X-ray of the colon ) and sigmoidoscopy ( direct observation of the colon ) with biopsy of the rectal mass ; and preparation for surgery .
the surgeon [asked for] urgent investigations , a barium enema ( x-ray of the colon ) and sigmoidoscopy ( direct observation of the colon ) with biopsy of the rectal mass ; and preparation for surgery .

ensuring hair , nails and umbilicus are clean carrying out any specific skin preparation requested ( e.g. painting skin with antiseptic lotion ) .
ensuring hair , nails and umbilicus are clean carrying out any specific skin preparation [asked for] ( e.g. painting skin with antiseptic lotion ) .

3 Recording and reporting dietary and fluid intake when requested .
3 recording and reporting dietary and fluid intake when [asked for] .

Pre-operatively the nurse must check that the patient 's skin is prepared as requested by the surgeon .
pre-operatively the nurse must check that the patient 's skin is prepared as [asked for] by the surgeon .

( 3 ) improvement in the number of County Topic Loans requested ( now 10 per term ) ;
( 3 ) improvement in the number of county topic loans [asked for] ( now 10 per term ) ;

No fixed standard time will be requested of all participating employers , as this will depend on the size of the company , flexibility of staffing and resources and many other individual factors .
no fixed standard time will be [asked for] of all participating employers , as this will depend on the size of the company , flexibility of staffing and resources and many other individual factors .

Walking towards the station , having promised to bring back with her all sorts of expensive food items Tina had requested from Selfridges ' Food Hall , Cecilia thought how much she liked living on her own and that at seventy-six she was too old to have Jasper and Bienvida running around her , fond of them as she was , not to mention Tina 's boyfriends and the odd hours she kept and her lying in bed till noon .
walking towards the station , having promised to bring back with her all sorts of expensive food items tina had [asked for] from selfridges ' food hall , cecilia thought how much she liked living on her own and that at seventy-six she was too old to have jasper and bienvida running around her , fond of them as she was , not to mention tina 's boyfriends and the odd hours she kept and her lying in bed till noon .

Lifeboat assistance was requested on 45 occasions for aircraft or helicopters , more than half following crashes .
lifeboat assistance was [asked for] on 45 occasions for aircraft or helicopters , more than half following crashes .

Cushendall police requested further assistance in the Glengariff area at 1345 where more livestock had become cut off by the flood waters .
cushendall police [asked for] further assistance in the glengariff area at 1345 where more livestock had become cut off by the flood waters .

It was hoped to refloat her on the next high water at 2120 and the Greek master had requested lifeboat assistance .
it was hoped to refloat her on the next high water at 2120 and the greek master had [asked for] lifeboat assistance .

The main dishes were not much better : roast beef was good , roast lamb only fair , calf 's liver , although requested rare , overcooked .
the main dishes were not much better : roast beef was good , roast lamb only fair , calf 's liver , although [asked for] rare , overcooked .

the service requested is intended to confer on the tribunal making the request jurisdiction over a person who by the law of the State of execution can not be subjected to such jurisdiction .
the service [asked for] is intended to confer on the tribunal making the request jurisdiction over a person who by the law of the state of execution can not be subjected to such jurisdiction .

An authenticated copy of the complaint with its supporting documents , and of other exhibits or rulings that serve as the basis for the measure requested ;
an authenticated copy of the complaint with its supporting documents , and of other exhibits or rulings that serve as the basis for the measure [asked for] ;

The execution of letters rogatory is governed by the law of the state of destination , though special procedures or formalities requested by the issuing authority may be observed if to do so would not be contrary to that law .
the execution of letters rogatory is governed by the law of the state of destination , though special procedures or formalities [asked for] by the issuing authority may be observed if to do so would not be contrary to that law .

This is a remarkably brief document , providing so far as service of documents is concerned for letters of request to be addressed by a diplomatic or consular officer of the requesting state to the competent authority of the requested state , and for the execution of any request the authenticity of which was not in doubt unless the requested state considered that this would be contrary to its public policy .
this is a remarkably brief document , providing so far as service of documents is concerned for letters of request to be addressed by a diplomatic or consular officer of the requesting state to the competent authority of the [asked for] state , and for the execution of any request the authenticity of which was not in doubt unless the [asked for] state considered that this would be contrary to its public policy .

Nothing was said in the early conventions about the contents of the letters rogatory , although from 1905 there was a requirement that letters should be drawn up in , or accompanied by a certified translation into , the language of the requested authority ( or another language agreed between the States concerned ) .
nothing was said in the early conventions about the contents of the letters rogatory , although from 1905 there was a requirement that letters should be drawn up in , or accompanied by a certified translation into , the language of the [asked for] authority ( or another language agreed between the states concerned ) .

The execution of the letters rogatory might be refused only if the authenticity of the document was not established ; or if in the requested State its execution was not included within ‘ the attributes of judicial power ’ ; or if the request infringed the sovereignty or security of the requested State .
the execution of the letters rogatory might be refused only if the authenticity of the document was not established ; or if in the [asked for] state its execution was not included within ‘ the attributes of judicial power ’ ; or if the request infringed the sovereignty or security of the [asked for] state .

The forms to be followed in executing the request were those of the requested State , but a request that a special form be followed would be complied with provided the form specified were not contrary to the legislation of that State .
the forms to be followed in executing the request were those of the [asked for] state , but a request that a special form be followed would be complied with provided the form specified were not contrary to the legislation of that state .

Instead he applied , as had the first Court of Appeal , a combination of the laws of the requesting and requested countries .
instead he applied , as had the first court of appeal , a combination of the laws of the requesting and [asked for] countries .

To ensure the simplicity of the system , it is expressly provided in Article 2 that no intervening agency in the requested State is to deal with the Letter of Request on its way to the Central Authority .
to ensure the simplicity of the system , it is expressly provided in article 2 that no intervening agency in the [asked for] state is to deal with the letter of request on its way to the central authority .

It includes the name of the requesting authority , and the name of the requested authority if known ; otherwise the Letter could simply refer to ‘ the appropriate authority ’ .
it includes the name of the requesting authority , and the name of the [asked for] authority if known ; otherwise the letter could simply refer to ‘ the appropriate authority ’ .

The model form is not obligatory but is recommended in the interest of both requesting and requested States .
the model form is not obligatory but is recommended in the interest of both requesting and [asked for] states .

Letters of Request must be in the language of the authority requested to execute it ( or be accompanied by a translation into that language ) ; or in English or French , unless a party has made a reservation under Article 33 excluding the use of English or French ; or in another language which a Contracting State has declared its readiness to accept .
letters of request must be in the language of the authority [asked for] to execute it ( or be accompanied by a translation into that language ) ; or in english or french , unless a party has made a reservation under article 33 excluding the use of english or french ; or in another language which a contracting state has declared its readiness to accept .

Some requesting States may only accept evidence taken in a particular way and the Convention tries to ensure that a request for a special procedure ( for example , for verbatim transcripts or , on the other hand , for a summary of the evidence in deposition form ; or for video-taped evidence ) will not be refused merely because it is inconvenient to the requested State .
some requesting states may only accept evidence taken in a particular way and the convention tries to ensure that a request for a special procedure ( for example , for verbatim transcripts or , on the other hand , for a summary of the evidence in deposition form ; or for video-taped evidence ) will not be refused merely because it is inconvenient to the [asked for] state .

It is , of course , for the requested State to determine whether the special method is impractical or impossible of performance .
it is , of course , for the [asked for] state to determine whether the special method is impractical or impossible of performance .

In appropriate cases a commissioner from the Requesting State might be appointed to carry out the special method or procedure requested , e.g .
in appropriate cases a commissioner from the requesting state might be appointed to carry out the special method or procedure [asked for] , e.g .

, to overcome the difficulty which a civil law State may have in satisfying a Request from a common law State to take evidence under cross examination , because no judge or local lawyer in the requested State had any experience in that field .
, to overcome the difficulty which a civil law state may have in satisfying a request from a common law state to take evidence under cross examination , because no judge or local lawyer in the [asked for] state had any experience in that field .

There are indications , however , that the operation of the Convention leads to a greater willingness on the part of requested countries to adapt their procedures so that the needs of countries with different traditions are more readily met .
there are indications , however , that the operation of the convention leads to a greater willingness on the part of [asked for] countries to adapt their procedures so that the needs of countries with different traditions are more readily met .

The requested authority is required by Article 10 to apply the same measures of compulsion against an unwilling witness as it would do under its internal law in local proceedings .
the [asked for] authority is required by article 10 to apply the same measures of compulsion against an unwilling witness as it would do under its internal law in local proceedings .

The documents establishing the execution of the Letter are to be sent by the requested authority to the requesting authority by the same channel as was used for transmission of the Request .
the documents establishing the execution of the letter are to be sent by the [asked for] authority to the requesting authority by the same channel as was used for transmission of the request .

Certain States in fact claim reimbursement of high fees and daily allowances and travel costs of witnesses who have to travel long distances , although these costs should normally be borne by the requested State , unless Article 26 can be invoked .
certain states in fact claim reimbursement of high fees and daily allowances and travel costs of witnesses who have to travel long distances , although these costs should normally be borne by the [asked for] state , unless article 26 can be invoked .

to produce any documents other than particular documents specified in the Letter of Request as being documents appearing to the requested court to be , or to be likely to be , in his possession , custody or power .
to produce any documents other than particular documents specified in the letter of request as being documents appearing to the [asked for] court to be , or to be likely to be , in his possession , custody or power .

Viscount Dilhorne similarly held that if the requested court was not satisfied that evidence was required , direct evidence for use at a trial as contrasted with information which might lead to the discovery of evidence , it had no power to assist .
viscount dilhorne similarly held that if the [asked for] court was not satisfied that evidence was required , direct evidence for use at a trial as contrasted with information which might lead to the discovery of evidence , it had no power to assist .

The letter rogatory specifies those facts and circumstances causing the requesting party reasonably to believe that the requested documents are or were in the possession , control , or custody of , or are known to the person from whom the documents are requested .
the letter rogatory specifies those facts and circumstances causing the requesting party reasonably to believe that the [asked for] documents are or were in the possession , control , or custody of , or are known to the person from whom the documents are [asked for] .

The person from whom documents are requested may , where appropriate , deny that he has possession , control or custody of the requested documents , or may object to the exhibition and copying of the documents , in accordance with the rules of the Convention .
the person from whom documents are [asked for] may , where appropriate , deny that he has possession , control or custody of the [asked for] documents , or may object to the exhibition and copying of the documents , in accordance with the rules of the convention .

At the time of signing , ratifying or acceding to this Protocol a State may declare that it will process the Letters rogatory to which this article applies only if they identify the relationship between the evidence or information requested and the pending proceeding .
at the time of signing , ratifying or acceding to this protocol a state may declare that it will process the letters rogatory to which this article applies only if they identify the relationship between the evidence or information [asked for] and the pending proceeding .

In contrast , Article 16 provides that a diplomatic officer or consular agent may only take evidence , without compulsion , of nationals of the State in which he exercises his functions , or of third States , if a competent authority in the requested State has given its permission , either generally or in the particular case , and subject to any conditions imposed .
in contrast , article 16 provides that a diplomatic officer or consular agent may only take evidence , without compulsion , of nationals of the state in which he exercises his functions , or of third states , if a competent authority in the [asked for] state has given its permission , either generally or in the particular case , and subject to any conditions imposed .

Commissioners may be appointed by a judicial authority of either the requesting or the requested State , and the Convention enables courts to appoint foreign judges as ‘ commissioners ’ to examine witnesses directly ( under compulsion if necessary ) in their own language and under their own procedures and without the intervention of the local courts .
commissioners may be appointed by a judicial authority of either the requesting or the [asked for] state , and the convention enables courts to appoint foreign judges as ‘ commissioners ’ to examine witnesses directly ( under compulsion if necessary ) in their own language and under their own procedures and without the intervention of the local courts .

The American authorities appoint as commissioners persons from the United States itself , or American consuls , or judicial authorities or other persons residing in the requested State .
the american authorities appoint as commissioners persons from the united states itself , or american consuls , or judicial authorities or other persons residing in the [asked for] state .

Under the Convention , a requested State is to apply the same measures of compulsion as would be available in purely domestic cases ; this is reflected in the provision in section 2 ( 3 ) of the Act that an order under that section may not require any particular steps to be taken unless they are steps which can be required to be taken by way of obtaining evidence for the purposes of civil proceedings in the court making the order , i.e .
under the convention , a [asked for] state is to apply the same measures of compulsion as would be available in purely domestic cases ; this is reflected in the provision in section 2 ( 3 ) of the act that an order under that section may not require any particular steps to be taken unless they are steps which can be required to be taken by way of obtaining evidence for the purposes of civil proceedings in the court making the order , i.e .

No District Court accepted the exclusivity argument , many relying on a superficial reading of Article 27 ( c ) of the Convention , which allows Contracting States to permit ‘ by internal law or practice , methods of taking evidence other than those provided for in this Convention ’ ; the better view is that this freedom is given only to the requested country and does not refer to the country from which the discovery request originates .
no district court accepted the exclusivity argument , many relying on a superficial reading of article 27 ( c ) of the convention , which allows contracting states to permit ‘ by internal law or practice , methods of taking evidence other than those provided for in this convention ’ ; the better view is that this freedom is given only to the [asked for] country and does not refer to the country from which the discovery request originates .

the importance to … the litigation of the documents or other information requested ;
the importance to … the litigation of the documents or other information [asked for] ;

The Court also favoured the interpretation of Article 27 ( d ) which would enable requesting as well as requested States to use domestic law procedures , but even on a narrower reading saw nothing in Article 27 to limit the power of a requesting State .
the court also favoured the interpretation of article 27 ( d ) which would enable requesting as well as [asked for] states to use domestic law procedures , but even on a narrower reading saw nothing in article 27 to limit the power of a requesting state .

The tobacco industry requested that Stivoro be stopped from propagating its position on passive smoking .
the tobacco industry [asked for] that stivoro be stopped from propagating its position on passive smoking .

Unknown to the Princess , the Queen had already summoned Fleet Street newspaper editors to Buckingham Palace where her press secretary requested that Diana be given a little peace and privacy .
unknown to the princess , the queen had already summoned fleet street newspaper editors to buckingham palace where her press secretary [asked for] that diana be given a little peace and privacy .

The Queen 's permission was never requested .
the queen 's permission was never [asked for] .

The authors state that a baseline blood sample may be requested from someone who sustains a needlestick injury , whereas a baseline blood sample should always be taken after occupational exposure .
the authors state that a baseline blood sample may be [asked for] from someone who sustains a needlestick injury , whereas a baseline blood sample should always be taken after occupational exposure .

At about 1150 hrs the pilot called Blackbushe and requested joining instructions .
at about 1150 hrs the pilot called blackbushe and [asked for] joining instructions .

If you have a modern , correctly buttoned , dark navy blue day suit , you can wear it anywhere a black tie is requested — as long as the tie has a hand-tied narrow bow and is made of satin .
if you have a modern , correctly buttoned , dark navy blue day suit , you can wear it anywhere a black tie is [asked for] — as long as the tie has a hand-tied narrow bow and is made of satin .

The Governor of the Bank of England on a number of occasions requested the banks to refrain from certain types of lending in favour of others .
the governor of the bank of england on a number of occasions [asked for] the banks to refrain from certain types of lending in favour of others .

Specific things are requested — offerings of flowers for passing an examination , or burning oil for relief from illness in the next life , and sometimes in this life , and thanks given for safe journeys , or the safe birth of a baby .
specific things are [asked for] — offerings of flowers for passing an examination , or burning oil for relief from illness in the next life , and sometimes in this life , and thanks given for safe journeys , or the safe birth of a baby .

It said it had requested the move ‘ pending clarification of the company 's financial position ’ .
it said it had [asked for] the move ‘ pending clarification of the company 's financial position ’ .

The information you requested is being sent under separate cover .
the information you [asked for] is being sent under separate cover .

Validation looks at the general ability of the centre to support a National Certificate programme as well as the ability to deliver each module requested .
validation looks at the general ability of the centre to support a national certificate programme as well as the ability to deliver each module [asked for] .

should be requested from the Policyholder .
should be [asked for] from the policyholder .

in a personal injury action an employee who claimed damages for loss of earnings or impaired earning capacity had , if so requested by his employer , to disclose the general medical records of the whole of his medical history to his employers ' medical advisers .
in a personal injury action an employee who claimed damages for loss of earnings or impaired earning capacity had , if so [asked for] by his employer , to disclose the general medical records of the whole of his medical history to his employers ' medical advisers .

Where a partial loss occurs the repair account should be requested and considered .
where a partial loss occurs the repair account should be [asked for] and considered .

In addition , Branch Managers have been requested to ensure that the Underwriting Supt or Section Leader counter-signs the front sheet to confirm payment is within the policy cover .
in addition , branch managers have been [asked for] to ensure that the underwriting supt or section leader counter-signs the front sheet to confirm payment is within the policy cover .

Following a casualty which results in the total loss of a vessel the remains of which are causing an obstruction or a danger to other shipping , the Policyholder may be requested by a Harbour Master or Receiver of Wrecks to remove the vessel .
following a casualty which results in the total loss of a vessel the remains of which are causing an obstruction or a danger to other shipping , the policyholder may be [asked for] by a harbour master or receiver of wrecks to remove the vessel .

This endorsement should be added when we are specifically requested to note the interest of a mortgagee. ( but see contents of Appendix 7 )
this endorsement should be added when we are specifically [asked for] to note the interest of a mortgagee. ( but see contents of appendix 7 )

Two of the prizes , a Magnum of Champagne and a Bottle of Smirnoff Vodka were returned ( unused ) by the winners who requested that these be auctioned .
two of the prizes , a magnum of champagne and a bottle of smirnoff vodka were returned ( unused ) by the winners who [asked for] that these be auctioned .

Schools were asked to indicate the kind of support they requested from the various agencies .
schools were asked to indicate the kind of support they [asked for] from the various agencies .

All parking signs have now been placed in position as requested by the Committee , and we are assured that twelve parking places are to be delineated at the Nursing Home end , which should alleviate the parking problem .
all parking signs have now been placed in position as [asked for] by the committee , and we are assured that twelve parking places are to be delineated at the nursing home end , which should alleviate the parking problem .

Meanwhile , tree pruning has been carried out as requested on the Castletown and Groves Roads , and the Access road at the end of the Village .
meanwhile , tree pruning has been carried out as [asked for] on the castletown and groves roads , and the access road at the end of the village .

Chess Club An alternative meeting night is requested as the noise from activities in the hall is proving inconvenient when matches are in progress .
chess club an alternative meeting night is [asked for] as the noise from activities in the hall is proving inconvenient when matches are in progress .

Tickets were retained and handed over for juice and crisps when requested .
tickets were retained and handed over for juice and crisps when [asked for] .

The senior club has maintained its numbers and an outing to Burntisland has been requested .
the senior club has maintained its numbers and an outing to burntisland has been [asked for] .

More trees have been felled at this location and Councillor Brereton has requested that replacement trees be planted .
more trees have been felled at this location and councillor brereton has [asked for] that replacement trees be planted .

Please confirm that you are able to attend for interview as requested .
please confirm that you are able to attend for interview as [asked for] .

Members are requested to retain the papers for their use at the appropriate Committee meetings and the Regional Council .
members are [asked for] to retain the papers for their use at the appropriate committee meetings and the regional council .

The Council also requested to be kept informed of further developments in this field .
the council also [asked for] to be kept informed of further developments in this field .

was willing to write articles in ‘ The Embalmer ’ on subjects requested by members .
was willing to write articles in ‘ the embalmer ’ on subjects [asked for] by members .

reported that , an Environmental Health Officer in North Wales , had requested information about the Institute and what it stood for .
reported that , an environmental health officer in north wales , had [asked for] information about the institute and what it stood for .

The President was requested to take the chain to a jeweller when it was convenient to do so .
the president was [asked for] to take the chain to a jeweller when it was convenient to do so .

He requested that the people pray .
he [asked for] that the people pray .

Brown stood and requested that he be allowed to speak .
brown stood and [asked for] that he be allowed to speak .

Rex tapped at the keyboard and requested access to the menu .
rex tapped at the keyboard and [asked for] access to the menu .

Candidates wishing to present other types of qualifications are requested to write to the Faculty Office outlining their plans .
candidates wishing to present other types of qualifications are [asked for] to write to the faculty office outlining their plans .

When specifically requested , emptying of liquid was assessed using 15 % dextrose labelled with 9 9 m Tc-ldiethylene triamine penta-acetic acid .
when specifically [asked for] , emptying of liquid was assessed using 15 % dextrose labelled with 9 9 m tc-ldiethylene triamine penta-acetic acid .

While health ministers agreed that there was a need for an inquiry , as requested by former federal health minister Benoit Bouchard ( see Lancet 1993 ; 341 : 1465–66 ) , the June 22 gathering of health officials was unable to define the scope of the commission .
while health ministers agreed that there was a need for an inquiry , as [asked for] by former federal health minister benoit bouchard ( see lancet 1993 ; 341 : 1465–66 ) , the june 22 gathering of health officials was unable to define the scope of the commission .

As the consultant employed by the company , you are requested to re-examine this statement , taking account of the additional information , and to recommend any necessary action .
as the consultant employed by the company , you are [asked for] to re-examine this statement , taking account of the additional information , and to recommend any necessary action .

Your comment that there should be ‘ a clear distinction between medicolegal intervention requested by the police and health care ’ may be an ideal but in practice it is often difficult if not impossible to distinguish clearly between the two .
your comment that there should be ‘ a clear distinction between medicolegal intervention [asked for] by the police and health care ’ may be an ideal but in practice it is often difficult if not impossible to distinguish clearly between the two .

During the use of the package , several customers have reported faults by means of SPRs , and have requested different facilities .
during the use of the package , several customers have reported faults by means of sprs , and have [asked for] different facilities .

Realising that if any modules which they want to read are offline , then this will result in a delay to all modules requested at the same time while those offline are brought back online .
realising that if any modules which they want to read are offline , then this will result in a delay to all modules [asked for] at the same time while those offline are brought back online .

Once you have requested the package be prepared for approval , wait for the mail message telling you that it is ready .
once you have [asked for] the package be prepared for approval , wait for the mail message telling you that it is ready .

LIFESPAN-to-LIFESPAN messages Usually messages indicating that some requested function has been completed .
lifespan-to-lifespan messages usually messages indicating that some [asked for] function has been completed .

If the wrong media item or the correct media item with an incorrect write permit is mounted , the Offline Operator will be requested to dismount the media item from the media unit .
if the wrong media item or the correct media item with an incorrect write permit is mounted , the offline operator will be [asked for] to dismount the media item from the media unit .

At this stage , if an invalid date or a date later than the current date is entered , an error is reported and the date is requested again .
at this stage , if an invalid date or a date later than the current date is entered , an error is reported and the date is [asked for] again .

You have tried to approve a package which you have not been requested to approve .
you have tried to approve a package which you have not been [asked for] to approve .

hard copy status ; that is whether a hard copy of the module version has been requested and if so what stage the hard copy process has reached
hard copy status ; that is whether a hard copy of the module version has been [asked for] and if so what stage the hard copy process has reached

the date at which the assessment was requested
the date at which the assessment was [asked for]

Warning — Udet Requested users can not be changed when activity is in delete mode
warning — udet [asked for] users can not be changed when activity is in delete mode

Warning — Udet Requested users can not be changed when activity is inhibited
warning — udet [asked for] users can not be changed when activity is inhibited

If an invalid date or a date in the past is entered , an error message will be displayed and you will be requested to correct the input .
if an invalid date or a date in the past is entered , an error message will be displayed and you will be [asked for] to correct the input .

Once requested for offline , it is not possible to remove a package ( and its modules ) from the offline workload .
once [asked for] for offline , it is not possible to remove a package ( and its modules ) from the offline workload .

No information exists for the data requested at the present time .
no information exists for the data [asked for] at the present time .

No information exists for the data requested at the present time .
no information exists for the data [asked for] at the present time .

No further information exists for the data requested at the present time .
no further information exists for the data [asked for] at the present time .

No further information exists for the data requested at the present time .
no further information exists for the data [asked for] at the present time .

No Quality Assurance information exists for the data requested at the present time .
no quality assurance information exists for the data [asked for] at the present time .

No Special Relationships exist for the user requested at the present time .
no special relationships exist for the user [asked for] at the present time .

All modules requested will only be read out when all modules are available online .
all modules [asked for] will only be read out when all modules are available online .

At the specified time , Offline will display the offline workload at an Operator Terminal , and the Offline Operator 's task is to mount the appropriate media items requested by Offline and dismount them when Offline has completed its specified workload .
at the specified time , offline will display the offline workload at an operator terminal , and the offline operator 's task is to mount the appropriate media items [asked for] by offline and dismount them when offline has completed its specified workload .

For modules which have been requested for offline but which have not yet been copied onto a media item , the estimate will be zero .
for modules which have been [asked for] for offline but which have not yet been copied onto a media item , the estimate will be zero .

The offline system will always take two copies of requested material , seeking one media item available for Primary copies and another available for Secondary copies .
the offline system will always take two copies of [asked for] material , seeking one media item available for primary copies and another available for secondary copies .

Further changes were requested , one of which was to include the Scottish Crown in the four corners of the carpet , reflecting the one used on the ceiling of the Throne Room .
further changes were [asked for] , one of which was to include the scottish crown in the four corners of the carpet , reflecting the one used on the ceiling of the throne room .

For example , when Police intervention is requested , once on the scene , they often chose to focus on the woman 's immigration status thus negating the actual reason for them being called initially .
for example , when police intervention is [asked for] , once on the scene , they often chose to focus on the woman 's immigration status thus negating the actual reason for them being called initially .

For a prestigious London client who requested anonymity , this close-up of a carpet border shows the details on one corner of the carpet laid within a large reception area .
for a prestigious london client who [asked for] anonymity , this close-up of a carpet border shows the details on one corner of the carpet laid within a large reception area .

After handing over a new Glenmore design requested b a consumer , Eddie discussed other sales enquiries and the latest news from Harrogate , the main carpet exhibition of the year , which had just finished .
after handing over a new glenmore design [asked for] b a consumer , eddie discussed other sales enquiries and the latest news from harrogate , the main carpet exhibition of the year , which had just finished .

The telephone was then borrowed to order those samples that had been requested the previous night .
the telephone was then borrowed to order those samples that had been [asked for] the previous night .

Why is finance requested ?
why is finance [asked for] ?

This may be requested to accompany each tender submitted .
this may be [asked for] to accompany each tender submitted .

More serious charges originally brought against Poindexter were dropped after the Reagan and Bush administrations refused to release confidential documents requested by the prosecution .
more serious charges originally brought against poindexter were dropped after the reagan and bush administrations refused to release confidential documents [asked for] by the prosecution .

The Assembly approved a law to `` perpetuate the memory of the 1956 revolution and freedom struggle in law `` and declaring Oct. 23 a national holiday ; it also unanimously approved a statement of intent on joining the Council of Europe ; and it accepted the resignation of outgoing Prime Minister Miklos Nemeth of the Hungarian Socialist Party ( the reformed successor to the Hungarian Socialist Workers ' Party ) , but requested him to remain in office at the head of an interim government until a replacement government had been formed .
the assembly approved a law to `` perpetuate the memory of the 1956 revolution and freedom struggle in law `` and declaring oct. 23 a national holiday ; it also unanimously approved a statement of intent on joining the council of europe ; and it accepted the resignation of outgoing prime minister miklos nemeth of the hungarian socialist party ( the reformed successor to the hungarian socialist workers ' party ) , but [asked for] him to remain in office at the head of an interim government until a replacement government had been formed .

Those close to him rejected official claims ( later confirmed by a post-morten requested by the Justice Ministry ) that he had died from high blood pressure , alleging instead that he had been tortured .
those close to him rejected official claims ( later confirmed by a post-morten [asked for] by the justice ministry ) that he had died from high blood pressure , alleging instead that he had been tortured .

In an earlier meeting with political leaders ( including opposition figures ) , Rodríguez had requested support for land reform which he described as the country 's most pressing problem , but he insisted on respect for private property rights , as well as the squatters ' vacation of the occupied land , before such reforms could be implemented .
in an earlier meeting with political leaders ( including opposition figures ) , rodríguez had [asked for] support for land reform which he described as the country 's most pressing problem , but he insisted on respect for private property rights , as well as the squatters ' vacation of the occupied land , before such reforms could be implemented .

In November 1989 a group of 3,500-4,000 Edjupci , Egyptians , requested that an ethnic category be formed in the next census to include themselves .
in november 1989 a group of 3,500-4,000 edjupci , egyptians , [asked for] that an ethnic category be formed in the next census to include themselves .

Frank , 49 , who had requested the inquiry himself [ see p. 36843 ] , was a generally liked and respected member of the House , whose openness had originally won him much sympathy , although a detailed interview in Newsweek caused some offence .
frank , 49 , who had [asked for] the inquiry himself [ see p. 36843 ] , was a generally liked and respected member of the house , whose openness had originally won him much sympathy , although a detailed interview in newsweek caused some offence .

Leaders of the former Assembly members welcomed the appeal for dialogue , requested a formal meeting with the Amir and suspended the Monday evening rallies .
leaders of the former assembly members welcomed the appeal for dialogue , [asked for] a formal meeting with the amir and suspended the monday evening rallies .

It requested the International Law Commission to prepare a report on which discussions would be based .
it [asked for] the international law commission to prepare a report on which discussions would be based .

It requested the Secretary-General to convene a UN-sponsored international conference on this issue .
it [asked for] the secretary-general to convene a un-sponsored international conference on this issue .

Prime Minister Geoffrey Palmer named a new Cabinet on Jan. 31 after he had requested the resignation of those ministers who had announced their intention not to contest the general election which was due later in 1990 .
prime minister geoffrey palmer named a new cabinet on jan. 31 after he had [asked for] the resignation of those ministers who had announced their intention not to contest the general election which was due later in 1990 .

The amnesty was reportedly requested by the newly elected local councils of Rangamati , Bandarban and Khagrachbari .
the amnesty was reportedly [asked for] by the newly elected local councils of rangamati , bandarban and khagrachbari .

Bulgaria unilaterally suspended repayment of debt principal to commercial bank creditors on March 29 , 1990 , and early in April requested negotiations on a repayments moratorium and new lines of credit while reforms were enacted .
bulgaria unilaterally suspended repayment of debt principal to commercial bank creditors on march 29 , 1990 , and early in april [asked for] negotiations on a repayments moratorium and new lines of credit while reforms were enacted .

In his first address to both houses of the Congress on March 1 , Lacalle requested a 100-day `` social truce `` between business sectors , trade unions and political parties in order that state accounts could be put in order .
in his first address to both houses of the congress on march 1 , lacalle [asked for] a 100-day `` social truce `` between business sectors , trade unions and political parties in order that state accounts could be put in order .

On Dec. 2 Bush vetoed the student bill , but requested a block extension of Chinese student visas .
on dec. 2 bush vetoed the student bill , but [asked for] a block extension of chinese student visas .

Particular care is required to ensure the letter is requested from and signed by the correct parties .
particular care is required to ensure the letter is [asked for] from and signed by the correct parties .

client acknowledgement : normally , the client should be requested to confirm the terms of engagement by signing and returning a copy of the engagement letter ; if this is the case , we must ensure that we do not commence work until the signed copy is on file .
client acknowledgement : normally , the client should be [asked for] to confirm the terms of engagement by signing and returning a copy of the engagement letter ; if this is the case , we must ensure that we do not commence work until the signed copy is on file .

Bidders may be requested to state their intentions with regard to the future of the business , major changes to be introduced and continued employment and career development opportunities .
bidders may be [asked for] to state their intentions with regard to the future of the business , major changes to be introduced and continued employment and career development opportunities .

At appropriate stages of the sales process potential purchasers should be requested to return Information memoranda .
at appropriate stages of the sales process potential purchasers should be [asked for] to return information memoranda .

The price reduction initially requested may be substantial and may be designed to provoke a reaction from the vendors to test their minimum price and their negotiating strength at this late stage ( i.e .
the price reduction initially [asked for] may be substantial and may be designed to provoke a reaction from the vendors to test their minimum price and their negotiating strength at this late stage ( i.e .

participating members , who are requested to assess or react to the process commenced by the initiating member ; and
participating members , who are [asked for] to assess or react to the process commenced by the initiating member ; and

the initiating member 's firm has been requested to contact the Network on behalf of a client seeking a white knight , on a non-exclusive basis .
the initiating member 's firm has been [asked for] to contact the network on behalf of a client seeking a white knight , on a non-exclusive basis .

There is usually a pressing desire of all parties to proceed as fast as possible so the solicitors are required to produce their draft agreement before they have received all the information requested or the accountants have completed due diligence .
there is usually a pressing desire of all parties to proceed as fast as possible so the solicitors are required to produce their draft agreement before they have received all the information [asked for] or the accountants have completed due diligence .

The firm may be requested to undertake valuations of a shareholding in an entity or of a business as a whole in a variety of circumstances . Such valuations are in the following broad categories :
the firm may be [asked for] to undertake valuations of a shareholding in an entity or of a business as a whole in a variety of circumstances . such valuations are in the following broad categories :

Once the chairman has summarised progress to date the other advisors should be requested to report ( to the lead adviser and , if present , principals ) on their progress and to highlight any potential difficulties which may affect the timetable .
once the chairman has summarised progress to date the other advisors should be [asked for] to report ( to the lead adviser and , if present , principals ) on their progress and to highlight any potential difficulties which may affect the timetable .

Oldbuy records which are no longer current and which we have been requested to delete from Buyers .
oldbuy records which are no longer current and which we have been [asked for] to delete from buyers .

When names are cleared we are advised by the vendor 's accountant and are requested to obtain the standard confidentiality letter from our clients .
when names are cleared we are advised by the vendor 's accountant and are [asked for] to obtain the standard confidentiality letter from our clients .

Following your enquiries you are requested to make an indicative offer by midday on Thursday 19th October in writing to myself . Your offer should address the following : —
following your enquiries you are [asked for] to make an indicative offer by midday on thursday 19th october in writing to myself . your offer should address the following : —

You have expressed an interest in the possible acquisition of the Company and have requested certain information concerning the Company which is non-public , confidential and proprietary in nature .
you have expressed an interest in the possible acquisition of the company and have [asked for] certain information concerning the company which is non-public , confidential and proprietary in nature .

The Information will be used by you solely for the purpose of evaluating the possible purchase by you of the Company and , unless and until you have completed such a transaction , the Information will be kept confidential by you and will not be disclosed , in whole or in part to any other person , except that the Information or portions thereof may be disclosed to those of your directors , officers , employees , agents , auditors , lawyers , bankers and professional advisers ( collectively ‘ Representatives ’ ) who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the prospective acquisition ( it being understood that those Representatives will be informed of the confidential nature of the Information and shall agree to be bound by this Agreement and , if requested by ourselves , will enter into a direct agreement with us on the same terms as this Agreement ) .
the information will be used by you solely for the purpose of evaluating the possible purchase by you of the company and , unless and until you have completed such a transaction , the information will be kept confidential by you and will not be disclosed , in whole or in part to any other person , except that the information or portions thereof may be disclosed to those of your directors , officers , employees , agents , auditors , lawyers , bankers and professional advisers ( collectively ‘ representatives ’ ) who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the prospective acquisition ( it being understood that those representatives will be informed of the confidential nature of the information and shall agree to be bound by this agreement and , if [asked for] by ourselves , will enter into a direct agreement with us on the same terms as this agreement ) .

The following is an exclusivity and confidentiality letter which may be requested by the purchasers .
the following is an exclusivity and confidentiality letter which may be [asked for] by the purchasers .

He explained that the trolley service was operated by the Ladies Committee volunteers , who stocked supplies requested by the patients themselves .
he explained that the trolley service was operated by the ladies committee volunteers , who stocked supplies [asked for] by the patients themselves .

As you know at present governing bodies are requested to submit their applications for grant aid one month before the end of their financial years .
as you know at present governing bodies are [asked for] to submit their applications for grant aid one month before the end of their financial years .

Group Vacation Courses are run in the month of July , starting any Monday for the number of weeks requested .
group vacation courses are run in the month of july , starting any monday for the number of weeks [asked for] .

The minimum age requested is 16 years old .
the minimum age [asked for] is 16 years old .

All these activities can be included in a private course if requested .
all these activities can be included in a private course if [asked for] .

The original requested provision for students was one machine per two students per course year , making 7 in all for about 42 students .
the original [asked for] provision for students was one machine per two students per course year , making 7 in all for about 42 students .

The Group noted this paper , and requested that the terms of reference and reporting bodies for these Committees should also be recorded .
the group noted this paper , and [asked for] that the terms of reference and reporting bodies for these committees should also be recorded .

While every effort is made to offer those who book late the course they have requested , the school reserves the right to offer an alternative Executive Course in the case of applications not received within the specified time .
while every effort is made to offer those who book late the course they have [asked for] , the school reserves the right to offer an alternative executive course in the case of applications not received within the specified time .

When Kemalpasazade presented himself to Hacihasanzade and requested that he be appointed to the Taslik ( Ali Bey ) medrese in Edirne which was then vacant , Hacihasanzade urged him to give up the thought of receiving a medrese and to accept an appointment to a kadilik instead .
when kemalpasazade presented himself to hacihasanzade and [asked for] that he be appointed to the taslik ( ali bey ) medrese in edirne which was then vacant , hacihasanzade urged him to give up the thought of receiving a medrese and to accept an appointment to a kadilik instead .

The questionnaire requested a maximum of 27 replies under the following five major headings : personal details move to Gatwick travel housing other information and with three of the replies calling for explanations .
the questionnaire [asked for] a maximum of 27 replies under the following five major headings : personal details move to gatwick travel housing other information and with three of the replies calling for explanations .

The information contained in the questionnaire was processed within the space-of a month , providing all the listings and summaries of information requested .
the information contained in the questionnaire was processed within the space-of a month , providing all the listings and summaries of information [asked for] .

`` Forthcoming attractions , as requested yesterday a.m .
`` forthcoming attractions , as [asked for] yesterday a.m .

they requested . ``
they [asked for] . ``

Her plans were overthrown the first day when the president requested that she should be chaplain .
her plans were overthrown the first day when the president [asked for] that she should be chaplain .

Also requested is the number of fish caught this trip , the location , and the general conditions mentioned above , though any of these may be excluded as required .
also [asked for] is the number of fish caught this trip , the location , and the general conditions mentioned above , though any of these may be excluded as required .

Any deficiencies in this software may be forgiven in so far as it is distributed entirely free of charge ; no registration fee is requested by the author .
any deficiencies in this software may be forgiven in so far as it is distributed entirely free of charge ; no registration fee is [asked for] by the author .

We will respect anonymity if requested , but , as gesture of good faith , we do need to see your name and address , and , where applicable , a telephone number where you can be contacted during office hours .
we will respect anonymity if [asked for] , but , as gesture of good faith , we do need to see your name and address , and , where applicable , a telephone number where you can be contacted during office hours .

We will respect anonymity if requested , but , as gesture of good faith , we do need to see your name and address , and , where applicable , a telephone number where you can be contacted during office hours .
we will respect anonymity if [asked for] , but , as gesture of good faith , we do need to see your name and address , and , where applicable , a telephone number where you can be contacted during office hours .

After the text analysis , and if requested , Maxi-Read stores the sesquipedalian words for display in the hope that you will try to find alternatives .
after the text analysis , and if [asked for] , maxi-read stores the sesquipedalian words for display in the hope that you will try to find alternatives .

If this elective is not requested then the data range is divided into classes with an equal range .
if this elective is not [asked for] then the data range is divided into classes with an equal range .

Eventually reason prevailed , at least on the part of Prince , who requested of Jardine ‘ any information ’ he could offer for the preservation of Gould 's precious collection .
eventually reason prevailed , at least on the part of prince , who [asked for] of jardine ‘ any information ’ he could offer for the preservation of gould 's precious collection .

Shareholders are requested to complete and return the proxy card , but this does not preclude them coming to the meeting and voting in person .
shareholders are [asked for] to complete and return the proxy card , but this does not preclude them coming to the meeting and voting in person .

When manipulating data in hierarchies , it is necessary to specify to which level a request refers . For example if the next record is requested , is it the next at that level or at a parent level or at some other level ?
when manipulating data in hierarchies , it is necessary to specify to which level a request refers . for example if the next record is [asked for] , is it the next at that level or at a parent level or at some other level ?

If the key requested is 24 , then the index table will be searched to see in which block it is to be found .
if the key [asked for] is 24 , then the index table will be searched to see in which block it is to be found .

When the party is in government and the party leader is prime minister , the election shall take place only if requested by a majority of the party conference on a card vote .
when the party is in government and the party leader is prime minister , the election shall take place only if [asked for] by a majority of the party conference on a card vote .

Weary to her bones , and once more cold to the marrow , Theda stepped down and requested the guard to unstrap her portmanteau from the back .
weary to her bones , and once more cold to the marrow , theda stepped down and [asked for] the guard to unstrap her portmanteau from the back .

‘ Call me Rose , ’ smilingly requested the lady .
‘ call me rose , ’ smilingly [asked for] the lady .

The prince was seated , not in his chair of state , but between two of his clerks at a trestle table , with a quantity of papers and parchments spread before them ; and his treasurer stood at his shoulder , ready to advise if requested , but looking on so impartially that it seemed to her he had already done his share .
the prince was seated , not in his chair of state , but between two of his clerks at a trestle table , with a quantity of papers and parchments spread before them ; and his treasurer stood at his shoulder , ready to advise if [asked for] , but looking on so impartially that it seemed to her he had already done his share .

‘ Do sit down , Tess , ’ requested Dr Neil .
‘ do sit down , tess , ’ [asked for] dr neil .

If the amount of credit requested is large , the government requests the informals to legalize .
if the amount of credit [asked for] is large , the government requests the informals to legalize .

Unaccountably , the Opposition have not requested a statement on one of the great scandals involving Robert Maxwell .
unaccountably , the opposition have not [asked for] a statement on one of the great scandals involving robert maxwell .

He has also agreed , following the practice adopted in previous years and as specifically requested by the employers and the teachers ' unions , to consult the same interested parties on the details of the draft pay document giving effect to the Government 's recommendations .
he has also agreed , following the practice adopted in previous years and as specifically [asked for] by the employers and the teachers ' unions , to consult the same interested parties on the details of the draft pay document giving effect to the government 's recommendations .

’ He then requested Lucy and Jean to come from the kitchen , and , standing between them , he placed an arm round their shoulders as he said , ‘ This is Lucy and Jean , who have attended to your refreshments on behalf of Stella , my hostess , who is indisposed .
’ he then [asked for] lucy and jean to come from the kitchen , and , standing between them , he placed an arm round their shoulders as he said , ‘ this is lucy and jean , who have attended to your refreshments on behalf of stella , my hostess , who is indisposed .

The figures on the basis requested by the hon .
the figures on the basis [asked for] by the hon .

Is the Minister aware that that sum will in no way meet the amount needed for the enormous backlog of repairs to schools in England , Wales and Scotland ? Is he aware that in St. Helens , of the two bids submitted , £1 million was requested to meet health and safety requirements and £1 million was requested for essential repairs ? The authority was allocated £587,000 . Does the hon. Gentleman acknowledge , therefore , that a number of schools have not yet been made safe for pupils ? Is not that disgraceful ?
is the minister aware that that sum will in no way meet the amount needed for the enormous backlog of repairs to schools in england , wales and scotland ? is he aware that in st. helens , of the two bids submitted , £1 million was [asked for] to meet health and safety requirements and £1 million was [asked for] for essential repairs ? the authority was allocated £587,000 . does the hon. gentleman acknowledge , therefore , that a number of schools have not yet been made safe for pupils ? is not that disgraceful ?

The Dalmatian , politely but firmly requested to ‘ get down ’ , bared her teeth and rumbled a growl , and Robbie was not prepared to risk doing battle with her .
the dalmatian , politely but firmly [asked for] to ‘ get down ’ , bared her teeth and rumbled a growl , and robbie was not prepared to risk doing battle with her .

‘ Passengers are requested not to throw out of the window anything likely to injure men working on the line ’ , said a notice in the compartment .
‘ passengers are [asked for] not to throw out of the window anything likely to injure men working on the line ’ , said a notice in the compartment .

Very ordinary people ( or at least ordinary men ) could afford to attend a performance of a Shakespeare play in the large Globe Theatre , and appear to have done so , and the same play might be requested to be performed at court .
very ordinary people ( or at least ordinary men ) could afford to attend a performance of a shakespeare play in the large globe theatre , and appear to have done so , and the same play might be [asked for] to be performed at court .

The visit is not ‘ unsolicited , ’ and therefore the Regulations do not apply , if the customer has expressly requested the visit , e.g .
the visit is not ‘ unsolicited , ’ and therefore the regulations do not apply , if the customer has expressly [asked for] the visit , e.g .

If , on the other hand , the trader ( without the customer having requested him to do so ) has telephoned the customer indicating that he is willing to make a visit , the trader 's subsequent visit will be unsolicited and the Regulations will apply .
if , on the other hand , the trader ( without the customer having [asked for] him to do so ) has telephoned the customer indicating that he is willing to make a visit , the trader 's subsequent visit will be unsolicited and the regulations will apply .

Suppose that the customer has expressly requested a visit for one purpose ( say , a possible purchase of kitchen fitments ) and that during the visit the trader talks the customer into buying something else , say a television .
suppose that the customer has expressly [asked for] a visit for one purpose ( say , a possible purchase of kitchen fitments ) and that during the visit the trader talks the customer into buying something else , say a television .

The second part of clause 13 also authorised the buyers to sell these finished goods , on condition that they would if requested transfer to the sellers the benefit of those sales .
the second part of clause 13 also authorised the buyers to sell these finished goods , on condition that they would if [asked for] transfer to the sellers the benefit of those sales .

Sabine requested a pineau de Charentes , then sat back in her own chair , trying to relax , but it was impossible .
sabine [asked for] a pineau de charentes , then sat back in her own chair , trying to relax , but it was impossible .

( Explicit tests are considered to be those in which the ability under investigation is directly requested , whereas in implicit tests the capacity of interest is only involved as an apparently incidental aspect to the procedure . )
( explicit tests are considered to be those in which the ability under investigation is directly [asked for] , whereas in implicit tests the capacity of interest is only involved as an apparently incidental aspect to the procedure . )

In particular , the divorcing parents who have been interviewed have tended to be those who requested counselling or mediation , the ages of their children have been very diverse , and the use of non-divorcing families as ‘ controls ’ is rare .
in particular , the divorcing parents who have been interviewed have tended to be those who [asked for] counselling or mediation , the ages of their children have been very diverse , and the use of non-divorcing families as ‘ controls ’ is rare .

automatic explosion of searches when requested , to include specified types of related terms .
automatic explosion of searches when [asked for] , to include specified types of related terms .

Though this was to happen every night in the run , the Stage Management had requested that , to save on glass cases , the action should be mimed during rehearsal .
though this was to happen every night in the run , the stage management had [asked for] that , to save on glass cases , the action should be mimed during rehearsal .

The message had been that the reception was for the ticket agencies , and the cast were requested to ration themselves to one glass of wine each .
the message had been that the reception was for the ticket agencies , and the cast were [asked for] to ration themselves to one glass of wine each .

‘ Yes , please stop , ’ she requested him huskily .
‘ yes , please stop , ’ she [asked for] him huskily .

‘ Put me through to the motor claims department , ’ Lisa requested , glancing again at her watch .
‘ put me through to the motor claims department , ’ lisa [asked for] , glancing again at her watch .

The photocopy of the will he had requested .
the photocopy of the will he had [asked for] .

Athelstan had requested that Huddle should first draw charcoal sketches , from these giving the gifted young man scriptural advice to the effect that there was no evidence whatsoever that Herod had eventually stabbed Pilate in the back !
athelstan had [asked for] that huddle should first draw charcoal sketches , from these giving the gifted young man scriptural advice to the effect that there was no evidence whatsoever that herod had eventually stabbed pilate in the back !

Pride , not obedience , made her do what he requested , and she was glad of his support .
pride , not obedience , made her do what he [asked for] , and she was glad of his support .

His own queen , whom Surere had revered so deeply , when she requested that she be buried not in the new City of the Horizon , but near her old home , in the Valley of the Dead across the river from the Southern Capital , had been granted her wish , though it had hurt Akhenaten deeply .
his own queen , whom surere had revered so deeply , when she [asked for] that she be buried not in the new city of the horizon , but near her old home , in the valley of the dead across the river from the southern capital , had been granted her wish , though it had hurt akhenaten deeply .

The 1918 Act required LEAs to submit schemes of development , when requested by the Board of Education , to ensure that a fully national system of public education was being set up .
the 1918 act required leas to submit schemes of development , when [asked for] by the board of education , to ensure that a fully national system of public education was being set up .

It requested LEAs to prepare and submit to the Secretary of State plans for reorganising secondary education on comprehensive lines , and offered guidance as to methods of achieving this .
it [asked for] leas to prepare and submit to the secretary of state plans for reorganising secondary education on comprehensive lines , and offered guidance as to methods of achieving this .

Needless to say , she put on jeans and a loose jade top , not the revealing gown he had requested she wear .
needless to say , she put on jeans and a loose jade top , not the revealing gown he had [asked for] she wear .

Acceptance is defined to be the doing of that act ( which may be the giving of a promise or the rendering of a performance ) which is requested by the offeror in exchange for his promise ; it is the response to the offer .
acceptance is defined to be the doing of that act ( which may be the giving of a promise or the rendering of a performance ) which is [asked for] by the offeror in exchange for his promise ; it is the response to the offer .

And whereas the said John Weston Foakes has requested the said Julia Beer to give him time in which to pay such judgment , which she has agreed to do on the following conditions .
and whereas the said john weston foakes has [asked for] the said julia beer to give him time in which to pay such judgment , which she has agreed to do on the following conditions .

Wheeler , who was junior to them both , who had contrived to have the best set of rooms in the office and who had successfully requested both men to wait on him , cleared his throat to announce that he was ready to start the discussion .
wheeler , who was junior to them both , who had contrived to have the best set of rooms in the office and who had successfully [asked for] both men to wait on him , cleared his throat to announce that he was ready to start the discussion .

Then this morning , there had been a note from the Super saying the Dean had requested that the police officers who were investigating the crime should please remember where they were when going in and out of the Cathedral .
then this morning , there had been a note from the super saying the dean had [asked for] that the police officers who were investigating the crime should please remember where they were when going in and out of the cathedral .

The present landlord was all too eager to keep up his predecessor 's reputation in the matter of hollands , and was only too delighted to dispense it to as many Lionisers who requested it .
the present landlord was all too eager to keep up his predecessor 's reputation in the matter of hollands , and was only too delighted to dispense it to as many lionisers who [asked for] it .

He was personally devout : participated enthusiastically in the cults of saints , especially St Denis ; begged saintly intercession when he had toothache ; requested the compilation of an exhaustive martyrology ; wanted an explanation of a puzzling passage in the Song of Solomon .
he was personally devout : participated enthusiastically in the cults of saints , especially st denis ; begged saintly intercession when he had toothache ; [asked for] the compilation of an exhaustive martyrology ; wanted an explanation of a puzzling passage in the song of solomon .

Two toddler-type swings are requested as it is felt that more often than not two small children are taken to the playing field accompanied either by one or two adults and the provision of two swings would prevent disputes .
two toddler-type swings are [asked for] as it is felt that more often than not two small children are taken to the playing field accompanied either by one or two adults and the provision of two swings would prevent disputes .

The amount requested is £900 .
the amount [asked for] is £900 .

Franco not only did not do so but , on the following day , requested Sperrle to send any spare aircraft he might have to the Madrid front .
franco not only did not do so but , on the following day , [asked for] sperrle to send any spare aircraft he might have to the madrid front .

All centres using National Certificate mathematics provision were requested to submit comments which would be of assistance to the review .
all centres using national certificate mathematics provision were [asked for] to submit comments which would be of assistance to the review .

When the recall instructions specifically requested the colour of the coat , however , recall for this central detail was significantly better in the arousal condition than in the other two .
when the recall instructions specifically [asked for] the colour of the coat , however , recall for this central detail was significantly better in the arousal condition than in the other two .

Inform Divisional Officer and Delegate giving copies of itinerary and course details ( if requested ) .
inform divisional officer and delegate giving copies of itinerary and course details ( if [asked for] ) .

Prepare and submit reports to Divisional Officer and Directorate as requested .
prepare and submit reports to divisional officer and directorate as [asked for] .

You are requested to switch off lights when these are not needed and to exercise proper economy in the use of telephones and other company equipment .
you are [asked for] to switch off lights when these are not needed and to exercise proper economy in the use of telephones and other company equipment .

Similarly , the consulter 's institution was usually requested on the forms , and has been recorded wherever possible .
similarly , the consulter 's institution was usually [asked for] on the forms , and has been recorded wherever possible .

Access to the Stack is not permitted , but theses can be requested at the service desk for delivery to the Reading Room or study carrel .
access to the stack is not permitted , but theses can be [asked for] at the service desk for delivery to the reading room or study carrel .

Most of these reprints will have been requested by the prospective user , and others will have been sent by authors who recognise that user as being involved within the same specialism , and so such higher use is not unexpected .
most of these reprints will have been [asked for] by the prospective user , and others will have been sent by authors who recognise that user as being involved within the same specialism , and so such higher use is not unexpected .

The House 's $ 292,000 million defence authorization bill , approved by 268 votes to 161 , maintained spending levels in line with those requested by the Bush administration , but radically altered the order of priorities among the weapons systems .
the house 's $ 292,000 million defence authorization bill , approved by 268 votes to 161 , maintained spending levels in line with those [asked for] by the bush administration , but radically altered the order of priorities among the weapons systems .

The Soviet Union was requested not to issue a permit for a proposed scientific catch of 90 minke whales ( which had been scheduled for summer 1991 ) , and Japan was invited to reconsider its research under special permit proposing an Antarctic catch of 300 minke whales ( plus or minus 10 per cent , scheduled for the 1991-92 season ) .
the soviet union was [asked for] not to issue a permit for a proposed scientific catch of 90 minke whales ( which had been scheduled for summer 1991 ) , and japan was invited to reconsider its research under special permit proposing an antarctic catch of 300 minke whales ( plus or minus 10 per cent , scheduled for the 1991-92 season ) .

Hungary also announced that it had requested the complete withdrawal of all Soviet troops by the end of 1991 [ see p. 37195 ] .
hungary also announced that it had [asked for] the complete withdrawal of all soviet troops by the end of 1991 [ see p. 37195 ] .

This was the 10th occasion on which Congress had requested the appointment of a special prosecutor , and only the first on which it had been denied by an Attorney General .
this was the 10th occasion on which congress had [asked for] the appointment of a special prosecutor , and only the first on which it had been denied by an attorney general .

Addressing a press conference in Paris on Jan. 17 , Sharif said that Pakistan had not requested a nuclear plant , which had been promised by France during a visit to Pakistan by French President François Mitterrand in February 1990 , as it involved accepting `` comprehensive safeguards which for Pakistan today is not possible `` .
addressing a press conference in paris on jan. 17 , sharif said that pakistan had not [asked for] a nuclear plant , which had been promised by france during a visit to pakistan by french president françois mitterrand in february 1990 , as it involved accepting `` comprehensive safeguards which for pakistan today is not possible `` .

He had requested these resignations as part of a longer term plan to reduce the number of ministries to nine and , in the short term , to provide evidence that the government was intent on achieving greater efficiency .
he had [asked for] these resignations as part of a longer term plan to reduce the number of ministries to nine and , in the short term , to provide evidence that the government was intent on achieving greater efficiency .

On July 1 , Göncz again refused to dismiss Hungarian Radio and Television Chairs , Csaba Gombar and Elemer Hankiss , as requested by Antall .
on july 1 , göncz again refused to dismiss hungarian radio and television chairs , csaba gombar and elemer hankiss , as [asked for] by antall .

At a meeting in Tallinn , Estonia , the three Baltic Prime Ministers requested assistance from the Nordic Council in the establishment of a Baltic investment bank .
at a meeting in tallinn , estonia , the three baltic prime ministers [asked for] assistance from the nordic council in the establishment of a baltic investment bank .

Both Vlok and Malan stated in the ensuing five days that they were prepared to resign if requested to do so by de Klerk .
both vlok and malan stated in the ensuing five days that they were prepared to resign if [asked for] to do so by de klerk .

The original bill had received parliamentary approval on April 24 [ see p. 38161 ] but was found by the Constitutional Court on May 29 to be unconstitutional , in a ruling requested by President Arpad Göncz .
the original bill had received parliamentary approval on april 24 [ see p. 38161 ] but was found by the constitutional court on may 29 to be unconstitutional , in a ruling [asked for] by president arpad göncz .

In a letter to Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson on the eve of sentencing , Barry requested a sentence comprising community service .
in a letter to judge thomas penfield jackson on the eve of sentencing , barry [asked for] a sentence comprising community service .

Ismail Kadare , Albania 's best-known writer , who had several times been shortlisted for the Nobel Prize for literature , requested political asylum in France on Oct. 25 .
ismail kadare , albania 's best-known writer , who had several times been shortlisted for the nobel prize for literature , [asked for] political asylum in france on oct. 25 .

Observers believed that the move , requested by Iran , expressed the `` new understanding between Iran and Iraq `` .
observers believed that the move , [asked for] by iran , expressed the `` new understanding between iran and iraq `` .

On March 10 Gandhi formally requested fresh elections .
on march 10 gandhi formally [asked for] fresh elections .

Thomas requested a postponement of the Senate vote so that the charges could be investigated , and it was agreed that the judiciary committee would hold three days of public hearings from Oct. 11 to 13 .
thomas [asked for] a postponement of the senate vote so that the charges could be investigated , and it was agreed that the judiciary committee would hold three days of public hearings from oct. 11 to 13 .

The Diet gave its final approval on Oct. 3 to a bill imposing up to a year 's imprisonment on brokers who violated a new law making all shareholder compensation schemes by brokers illegal , and up to six months for clients who requested paybacks .
the diet gave its final approval on oct. 3 to a bill imposing up to a year 's imprisonment on brokers who violated a new law making all shareholder compensation schemes by brokers illegal , and up to six months for clients who [asked for] paybacks .

Le Monde of Feb. 12 reported that the Cuban painter Jésus de Armas , in Paris for an exhibition of his work , had requested political asylum in France .
le monde of feb. 12 reported that the cuban painter jésus de armas , in paris for an exhibition of his work , had [asked for] political asylum in france .

Kravchuk had requested increased presidential powers on Jan. 28 , and in addition a new constitution was under discussion .
kravchuk had [asked for] increased presidential powers on jan. 28 , and in addition a new constitution was under discussion .

On Feb. 12 the human rights organization Amnesty International formally requested the Israeli government to launch an investigation into the death on Feb. 5 of a Palestinian prisoner , Mustapha Akawi , who had been arrested on Jan. 22 on suspicion of acting on behalf of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine .
on feb. 12 the human rights organization amnesty international formally [asked for] the israeli government to launch an investigation into the death on feb. 5 of a palestinian prisoner , mustapha akawi , who had been arrested on jan. 22 on suspicion of acting on behalf of the popular front for the liberation of palestine .

The Attorney General immediately requested that Pedro Collor hand over his videotaped evidence .
the attorney general immediately [asked for] that pedro collor hand over his videotaped evidence .

He remained in detention during the rebellion but stated in a letter published in the press that he had been responsible for it , a claim which was interpreted more as a dramatic personal gesture than a statement of fact ; earlier reports stated that the rebellion had been such a surprise to him that he had requested a pistol in order to shoot himself .
he remained in detention during the rebellion but stated in a letter published in the press that he had been responsible for it , a claim which was interpreted more as a dramatic personal gesture than a statement of fact ; earlier reports stated that the rebellion had been such a surprise to him that he had [asked for] a pistol in order to shoot himself .

Chinese Vice-Premier Tian Jiyun visited Japan from Dec. 2-11 , when he requested additional aid to help strengthen China 's agricultural sector .
chinese vice-premier tian jiyun visited japan from dec. 2-11 , when he [asked for] additional aid to help strengthen china 's agricultural sector .

The Strategic Defence Initiative received $4,150 million , $1,000 million less than requested by Bush ; much of the money would finance deployment by 1996 of an initial , ground-based system of 100 interceptors capable of shooting down incoming missiles , rather than the space-based system conceived by Reagan .
the strategic defence initiative received $4,150 million , $1,000 million less than [asked for] by bush ; much of the money would finance deployment by 1996 of an initial , ground-based system of 100 interceptors capable of shooting down incoming missiles , rather than the space-based system conceived by reagan .

Möllemann , the first German minister to visit since June 1989 , requested information on 903 political prisoners when he met the Chinese Prime Minister , Li Peng , and said that trade and economic relations would be dependent on improvements in human rights .
möllemann , the first german minister to visit since june 1989 , [asked for] information on 903 political prisoners when he met the chinese prime minister , li peng , and said that trade and economic relations would be dependent on improvements in human rights .

After the attempted coup in August , Foreign Ministry staff had requested Shevardnadze 's reinstatement [ see p. 38372 ] .
after the attempted coup in august , foreign ministry staff had [asked for] shevardnadze 's reinstatement [ see p. 38372 ] .

The government requested international assistance to support the balance of payments and to stem the decline in international reserves .
the government [asked for] international assistance to support the balance of payments and to stem the decline in international reserves .

It was reported on Sept. 4 that Armenia had requested 100,000 tonnes of grain from Turkey , a country perceived as allied with Azerbaijan .
it was reported on sept. 4 that armenia had [asked for] 100,000 tonnes of grain from turkey , a country perceived as allied with azerbaijan .

Gen. Humberto Garcete , C.-in-C. of the Army , had on Oct. 9 requested indefinite leave of absence so that he could face charges `` on a equal footing with any citizen `` .
gen. humberto garcete , c.-in-c. of the army , had on oct. 9 [asked for] indefinite leave of absence so that he could face charges `` on a equal footing with any citizen `` .

The head of the Supreme Court , Edgar Obilitas Fernández , requested on Nov. 15 that Gen. Moreira should intervene `` in order to protect the judicial power from the threats it has received `` , an appeal which Moreira rejected on the grounds that he took orders only from the President .
the head of the supreme court , edgar obilitas fernández , [asked for] on nov. 15 that gen. moreira should intervene `` in order to protect the judicial power from the threats it has received `` , an appeal which moreira rejected on the grounds that he took orders only from the president .

The Socialist Party first secretary Laurent Fabius requested on Dec. 17 that he should have the opportunity to clear himself , by facing trial before a parliamentary high court , over the HIV-infected blood scandal [ see pp .
the socialist party first secretary laurent fabius [asked for] on dec. 17 that he should have the opportunity to clear himself , by facing trial before a parliamentary high court , over the hiv-infected blood scandal [ see pp .

Later on Dec. 17 Fabius requested the National Assembly to convene a special session to vote on his indictment , which he said he himself would vote for .
later on dec. 17 fabius [asked for] the national assembly to convene a special session to vote on his indictment , which he said he himself would vote for .

Prime Minister Gasan Gasanov [ given as Hassan Hasanov on p. 38774 ] was requested to form a new government , as the Supreme Soviet relieved the Council of Ministers of its responsibilities .
prime minister gasan gasanov [ given as hassan hasanov on p. 38774 ] was [asked for] to form a new government , as the supreme soviet relieved the council of ministers of its responsibilities .

In mid-October Dimitrov requested a vote of confidence in his government 's overall policy .
in mid-october dimitrov [asked for] a vote of confidence in his government 's overall policy .

Following participation in the scheme , participants are requested to complete an evaluation form .
following participation in the scheme , participants are [asked for] to complete an evaluation form .

In the case of the former , the tenant may avoid forfeiture by compliance with the covenant and payment of any financial compensation , if requested by the landlord .
in the case of the former , the tenant may avoid forfeiture by compliance with the covenant and payment of any financial compensation , if [asked for] by the landlord .

As well as providing multi-line switchboard status information , the screen informs the proprietor or receptionist of the status of the rooms , for example , whether that early morning alarm has actually been set , which paper the guest has requested , whether breakfast has been ordered , and if the room has been cleaned .
as well as providing multi-line switchboard status information , the screen informs the proprietor or receptionist of the status of the rooms , for example , whether that early morning alarm has actually been set , which paper the guest has [asked for] , whether breakfast has been ordered , and if the room has been cleaned .

These girls had actually been requested to have a conversation in `` Jamaican `` , and had said that they would do so .
these girls had actually been [asked for] to have a conversation in `` jamaican `` , and had said that they would do so .

The Committee will consider whether other professions should be added to this list as and when requested to do so .
the committee will consider whether other professions should be added to this list as and when [asked for] to do so .

We have endeavoured to include many of the subjects requested by qualified teachers and this year we are paying particular attention to music .
we have endeavoured to include many of the subjects [asked for] by qualified teachers and this year we are paying particular attention to music .

As we were unable to cover any practical work in the January session it has been requested that further time be allocated .
as we were unable to cover any practical work in the january session it has been [asked for] that further time be allocated .

Would all groups please send their notes to Rita ( Ponteland ) as requested .
would all groups please send their notes to rita ( ponteland ) as [asked for] .

The suppression of to has the effect of leaving no distance between the request and the action requested so that the actualization of the request is represented as carrying with it the realization of what is asked .
the suppression of to has the effect of leaving no distance between the request and the action [asked for] so that the actualization of the request is represented as carrying with it the realization of what is asked .

In the sense of `` command `` the presumption of compliance seems to be due to the fact that the bidder has the authority necessary to ensure that the action requested will be carried out .
in the sense of `` command `` the presumption of compliance seems to be due to the fact that the bidder has the authority necessary to ensure that the action [asked for] will be carried out .

Of the 34 universities contacted only 17 were able to supply the appropriate information requested .
of the 34 universities contacted only 17 were able to supply the appropriate information [asked for] .

There was no way of avoiding this , and since , after all , Willis had requested some kind of discussion of his own case , he scrupulously collected opinions .
there was no way of avoiding this , and since , after all , willis had [asked for] some kind of discussion of his own case , he scrupulously collected opinions .

It does seem though , that nothing came of these leases , and during 1749 upon request by Sir William Fleming , one John Lawson ( a Quaker ) sent up Joseph Vipone to see the mines at Coniston and for this Lawson paid him 12s. plus 4s. for a horse for four days . The following year Lawson requested reimbursement of this sum from Sir William , claiming that it had been paid from his own pocket !
it does seem though , that nothing came of these leases , and during 1749 upon request by sir william fleming , one john lawson ( a quaker ) sent up joseph vipone to see the mines at coniston and for this lawson paid him 12s. plus 4s. for a horse for four days . the following year lawson [asked for] reimbursement of this sum from sir william , claiming that it had been paid from his own pocket !

It is probably too intrusive even to unconditionally ask the subject searcher to provide relevance information , and we believe that relevance judgements should only be requested if the system can detect that the user is either in trouble or being fairly persistent .
it is probably too intrusive even to unconditionally ask the subject searcher to provide relevance information , and we believe that relevance judgements should only be [asked for] if the system can detect that the user is either in trouble or being fairly persistent .

Of the 77 courses contacted in this way , 74 provided the information requested .
of the 77 courses contacted in this way , 74 provided the information [asked for] .

We were soon alongside the small vessel as she pitched uncomfortably in the short Channel seas at about six knots , and we requested her in our usual polite manner to divert into Folkestone for a customs examination .
we were soon alongside the small vessel as she pitched uncomfortably in the short channel seas at about six knots , and we [asked for] her in our usual polite manner to divert into folkestone for a customs examination .

In expressing the view that he felt he was n't making a large contribution to the activities of the Commission , he also requested some guidance on what his role should be or what view the Commission had about his role .
in expressing the view that he felt he was n't making a large contribution to the activities of the commission , he also [asked for] some guidance on what his role should be or what view the commission had about his role .

The National President requested all members to announce their name , town , division and any National or Divisional Office held .
the national president [asked for] all members to announce their name , town , division and any national or divisional office held .

In the unavoidable absence of the retiring Master Fellow , , the President , requested to come forward to install the successor .
in the unavoidable absence of the retiring master fellow , , the president , [asked for] to come forward to install the successor .

requested the Master Fellow elect , , to come forward , together with all Fellows present .
[asked for] the master fellow elect , , to come forward , together with all fellows present .

One patient with Crohn 's disease requested pouch excision because of severe diarrhoea , four patients with slow transit constipation who had a pouch requested excision because of continuing abdominal distension and a feeling of incomplete evacuation .
one patient with crohn 's disease [asked for] pouch excision because of severe diarrhoea , four patients with slow transit constipation who had a pouch [asked for] excision because of continuing abdominal distension and a feeling of incomplete evacuation .

The remaining six patients who requested pouch excision all had ulcerative colitis .
the remaining six patients who [asked for] pouch excision all had ulcerative colitis .

Some heads of departments had used the summer vacation to write the bulk of their reports but sometimes advisers requested additional information in subsequent visits .
some heads of departments had used the summer vacation to write the bulk of their reports but sometimes advisers [asked for] additional information in subsequent visits .

The chairman requested that the departmental reports be considered one by one and the governors went through it section by section , specific comments being made at particular stages .
the chairman [asked for] that the departmental reports be considered one by one and the governors went through it section by section , specific comments being made at particular stages .

Transcripts will be returned as soon as possible with no comment until/unless requested .
transcripts will be returned as soon as possible with no comment until/unless [asked for] .

It forms a record of not only the resources allocated , but also those requested , and after a few months of operating the system the project leaders ' requests become realistic and they even strike agreements with each other on timing and amount of resources in advance of the meeting .
it forms a record of not only the resources allocated , but also those [asked for] , and after a few months of operating the system the project leaders ' requests become realistic and they even strike agreements with each other on timing and amount of resources in advance of the meeting .

Opposite each project the number of man-hours/days requested from each department is entered before the meeting .
opposite each project the number of man-hours/days [asked for] from each department is entered before the meeting .

Egypt has requested financing for expensive refurbishment and modernisation from the United States , which provides some $ 1.6bn in military aid annually .
egypt has [asked for] financing for expensive refurbishment and modernisation from the united states , which provides some $ 1.6bn in military aid annually .

He then requested that it be registered in the books of parliament ; to which regent and parliament obligingly consented .
he then [asked for] that it be registered in the books of parliament ; to which regent and parliament obligingly consented .

Then we were requested to assemble in the lobby , ready to be taken to the Riverside Theatre for the opening public event .
then we were [asked for] to assemble in the lobby , ready to be taken to the riverside theatre for the opening public event .

‘ Make it a firm narrative line , Masha , ’ Surkov requested .
‘ make it a firm narrative line , masha , ’ surkov [asked for] .

That very evening , leaving Pilade asleep , she went into the Casa Guidi and formally requested an interview with Mr and Mrs Browning .
that very evening , leaving pilade asleep , she went into the casa guidi and formally [asked for] an interview with mr and mrs browning .

But all the same , Mr Browning thought it wise that she should send to the Ogilvys a letter for Gigia to carry in which both she and Ferdinando formally requested the return of their young son and gave her power to remove him from the care of his aunt and conduct him to Italy .
but all the same , mr browning thought it wise that she should send to the ogilvys a letter for gigia to carry in which both she and ferdinando formally [asked for] the return of their young son and gave her power to remove him from the care of his aunt and conduct him to italy .

They had one likeness of Oreste , sent at Christmas when Wilson had requested it should be taken , and this was removed from its frame and put at the end of the chart .
they had one likeness of oreste , sent at christmas when wilson had [asked for] it should be taken , and this was removed from its frame and put at the end of the chart .

He requested her to parcel up most carefully in an oiled cloth his other gun and have it sent to him .
he [asked for] her to parcel up most carefully in an oiled cloth his other gun and have it sent to him .

When , under the hail of bombs in the last phase of the war , some Nazi cranks and fanatics sent letters to the Propaganda Ministry , extraordinary even for the Third Reich in the depths of inhumanity they plumbed , suggesting the shooting or burning of Jews in retaliation for allied air raids , it was occasionally specifically requested that the ‘ suggestions ’ be sent on to Hitler .
when , under the hail of bombs in the last phase of the war , some nazi cranks and fanatics sent letters to the propaganda ministry , extraordinary even for the third reich in the depths of inhumanity they plumbed , suggesting the shooting or burning of jews in retaliation for allied air raids , it was occasionally specifically [asked for] that the ‘ suggestions ’ be sent on to hitler .

He passed the memo on , as requested , but scribbled in the margin : ‘ Almost too absurd to comment on .
he passed the memo on , as [asked for] , but scribbled in the margin : ‘ almost too absurd to comment on .

Ali had requested that he leave his cameras outside ; just one shot of this scene , of Ali on his back , the forbidding purge of progress , of fame and mystique splayed raw , would bring Bingham a minor fortune .
ali had [asked for] that he leave his cameras outside ; just one shot of this scene , of ali on his back , the forbidding purge of progress , of fame and mystique splayed raw , would bring bingham a minor fortune .

They had requested of him a single large living room , an ample eating room and ‘ no useless drawingroom ’ .
they had [asked for] of him a single large living room , an ample eating room and ‘ no useless drawingroom ’ .

( Dvorak devotees can count their blessings for his stubborn spirit ; the composer 's American patron had requested an opera about Hiawatha for the great occasion . )
( dvorak devotees can count their blessings for his stubborn spirit ; the composer 's american patron had [asked for] an opera about hiawatha for the great occasion . )

And it granted Mr Gorbachev most of the new powers he had requested ( though it rejected his clumsy proposal for a system of local inspectors to help enforce presidential decrees ) .
and it granted mr gorbachev most of the new powers he had [asked for] ( though it rejected his clumsy proposal for a system of local inspectors to help enforce presidential decrees ) .

But they have had since January to come up with the $ 570m that Mr Bush requested as emergency aid and compensation for post-invasion Panama .
but they have had since january to come up with the $ 570m that mr bush [asked for] as emergency aid and compensation for post-invasion panama .

The lion 's share of whatever figure is agreed would go to Poland and Hungary : Czechoslovakia has not , as yet , requested direct aid ( President Vaclav Havel , speaking to Congress , concentrated on the importance of helping the Soviet Union ) ; Romania , so far , gets mainly subsidised food ; there are no plans for helping Bulgaria ; East Germany has West Germany ; Yugoslavia gets almost no direct aid .
the lion 's share of whatever figure is agreed would go to poland and hungary : czechoslovakia has not , as yet , [asked for] direct aid ( president vaclav havel , speaking to congress , concentrated on the importance of helping the soviet union ) ; romania , so far , gets mainly subsidised food ; there are no plans for helping bulgaria ; east germany has west germany ; yugoslavia gets almost no direct aid .

’ The last time foreign aid officials requested the Pakistan army to burn the fields , in 1985 , the result was 13 dead .
’ the last time foreign aid officials [asked for] the pakistan army to burn the fields , in 1985 , the result was 13 dead .

It would be helpful if matching promises could now be made by Washington , London and Paris , that they will exercise their residual responsibilities only in the direction requested by the German people , and by Bonn , that the German right of self-determination will be exercised only in consultation with the three Western Allies .
it would be helpful if matching promises could now be made by washington , london and paris , that they will exercise their residual responsibilities only in the direction [asked for] by the german people , and by bonn , that the german right of self-determination will be exercised only in consultation with the three western allies .

Landlords did n't acknowledge the writ , so in January Debbie 's solicitor requested a judgment in default for the full amount plus interest and court fees , a total of £2,453.24 .
landlords did n't acknowledge the writ , so in january debbie 's solicitor [asked for] a judgment in default for the full amount plus interest and court fees , a total of £2,453.24 .

He was recently fined £500 by the European Tour when , after a first round of 74 in his defence of the Mediterranean Open , he refused to come in for the requested press interview .
he was recently fined £500 by the european tour when , after a first round of 74 in his defence of the mediterranean open , he refused to come in for the [asked for] press interview .

When the association , backed by the Chilean Health Ministry , requested the prohibition last week , the Chilean Boxing Federation immediately went to court to try to protect the world title fight between Chile 's Bernardo Mendoza and Luis Sosa of the Dominican Republic , reports El Cronista .
when the association , backed by the chilean health ministry , [asked for] the prohibition last week , the chilean boxing federation immediately went to court to try to protect the world title fight between chile 's bernardo mendoza and luis sosa of the dominican republic , reports el cronista .

It is also important to note that if on arrival at your hotel you decide to change your board arrangement , the very advantageous rate advertised in our brochure will not be available and you will be required to pay the hotel the amount requested .
it is also important to note that if on arrival at your hotel you decide to change your board arrangement , the very advantageous rate advertised in our brochure will not be available and you will be required to pay the hotel the amount [asked for] .

It had been in Essex that , out of discontent with sitting at home , Leslie had requested a posting abroad ; and it was somehow appropriate that it was with the men of Essex that he should have ended the North African campaign .
it had been in essex that , out of discontent with sitting at home , leslie had [asked for] a posting abroad ; and it was somehow appropriate that it was with the men of essex that he should have ended the north african campaign .

He was on duty that day along with four constables , as requested by the Club .
he was on duty that day along with four constables , as [asked for] by the club .

Containing the latest details on the information you requested
containing the latest details on the information you [asked for]

If you indicate that you wish to see the report , you will be advised if one is requested .
if you indicate that you wish to see the report , you will be advised if one is [asked for] .

If requested to write a report you will need a clear , and agreed , statement of the problem or issue . You should be able to answer these two questions :
if [asked for] to write a report you will need a clear , and agreed , statement of the problem or issue . you should be able to answer these two questions :

If you indicate that you wish to see the report , you will be advised if one is requested .
if you indicate that you wish to see the report , you will be advised if one is [asked for] .

Patrons who drive cars to the cinema are requested to park in St Leonard 's Road Car Park off Windmill Road .
patrons who drive cars to the cinema are [asked for] to park in st leonard 's road car park off windmill road .

The required accommodation was a residence for a family of five and the new owner requested that the living accommodation should be on the first floor to take advantage of the splendid views to the west over the Cherwell Valley .
the required accommodation was a residence for a family of five and the new owner [asked for] that the living accommodation should be on the first floor to take advantage of the splendid views to the west over the cherwell valley .

West Berlin Police are at the scene and have requested your assistance … .
west berlin police are at the scene and have [asked for] your assistance … .

My first visit is to the Red Cross , to pick up medicines requested on the previous patrol and then on to visit the Franciscan nuns , who run a school in Nicosia .
my first visit is to the red cross , to pick up medicines [asked for] on the previous patrol and then on to visit the franciscan nuns , who run a school in nicosia .

The Americans have announced food-aid , know-how and investment support schemes , and $ 200m of credit which may go towards the $ 1bn ‘ stabilisation loan ’ requested by the Polish government .
the americans have announced food-aid , know-how and investment support schemes , and $ 200m of credit which may go towards the $ 1bn ‘ stabilisation loan ’ [asked for] by the polish government .

In at least one case , an artist has requested the option to buy back his own work , only for his letter to go unanswered ; Saatchi is known to have split up one series of paintings which were sold to him on the strength of verbal assurances that they would stay together .
in at least one case , an artist has [asked for] the option to buy back his own work , only for his letter to go unanswered ; saatchi is known to have split up one series of paintings which were sold to him on the strength of verbal assurances that they would stay together .

Now that they had been presented with the information which they had requested all along , they had to prove that faecal contamination of the egg shell did not constitute any great risk to public health , Mother Catherine said .
now that they had been presented with the information which they had [asked for] all along , they had to prove that faecal contamination of the egg shell did not constitute any great risk to public health , mother catherine said .

The National Health Service insurance number will be requested , and the deceased 's medical card should be surrendered to the registrar if it is available .
the national health service insurance number will be [asked for] , and the deceased 's medical card should be surrendered to the registrar if it is available .

Members of the Association offer a basic funeral which can be requested .
members of the association offer a basic funeral which can be [asked for] .

If you do not provide the information requested for registration , this could lead to a fine of £50 in the first instance , and then £200 if you still do not comply .
if you do not provide the information [asked for] for registration , this could lead to a fine of £50 in the first instance , and then £200 if you still do not comply .

If additional work , or special items such as gold taps are requested by you , then you will be expected to pay for these .
if additional work , or special items such as gold taps are [asked for] by you , then you will be expected to pay for these .

The car was a Ford , as he 'd requested .
the car was a ford , as he 'd [asked for] .

Stirling thus decided to abandon operations for a while and send a strong party back to base to collect stores and the new vehicles he had requested .
stirling thus decided to abandon operations for a while and send a strong party back to base to collect stores and the new vehicles he had [asked for] .

Three years ago , under increasing pressure to ‘ prove its worth ’ , Bristol requested a joint study to assess its work , and to be publicly accountable to the general public , as well as to the sceptical scientific community .
three years ago , under increasing pressure to ‘ prove its worth ’ , bristol [asked for] a joint study to assess its work , and to be publicly accountable to the general public , as well as to the sceptical scientific community .

‘ The Federal Government has requested in New York that the United Nations Security Council discuss the worrying developments in Romania , ’ the statement said .
‘ the federal government has [asked for] in new york that the united nations security council discuss the worrying developments in romania , ’ the statement said .

He was requested by Prime Minister James Callaghan to head a commission that looked into the future of the engineering profession in Britain , which kept him occupied for two and a half years .
he was [asked for] by prime minister james callaghan to head a commission that looked into the future of the engineering profession in britain , which kept him occupied for two and a half years .

Last summer , the House of Representatives passed a bill funding the full $ 1.8bn requested by the Navy , but the vote was taken before the second sea test failure .
last summer , the house of representatives passed a bill funding the full $ 1.8bn [asked for] by the navy , but the vote was taken before the second sea test failure .

The Foreign Office said it was not closely involved as Mr Yang had requested asylum in Hong Kong .
the foreign office said it was not closely involved as mr yang had [asked for] asylum in hong kong .

Pope requested ‘ cuttings of the Chaumontell , a French Pear and of the Vingoleuse and Epine d'Hyber ’ .
pope [asked for] ‘ cuttings of the chaumontell , a french pear and of the vingoleuse and epine d'hyber ’ .

From his botanic garden in Pennsylvania he supplied Fothergill with a number of plants , including the ferns and polypodiums particularly requested .
from his botanic garden in pennsylvania he supplied fothergill with a number of plants , including the ferns and polypodiums particularly [asked for] .

He requested a Mountain Magnolia , not yet in the Garden , and ended on a rare personal note : ‘ But you complain of age too soon .
he [asked for] a mountain magnolia , not yet in the garden , and ended on a rare personal note : ‘ but you complain of age too soon .

In January 1956 Jacques requested from each tutor-organiser a summary of the previous six months ' work , in order to prepare a general report for the Ministry of Education .
in january 1956 jacques [asked for] from each tutor-organiser a summary of the previous six months ' work , in order to prepare a general report for the ministry of education .

After this meeting , Charles requested that the Presbyterian ministers draw up a list of their proposals for church unity .
after this meeting , charles [asked for] that the presbyterian ministers draw up a list of their proposals for church unity .

At this time , Richard Baxter requested the favour of being restored to his flock in Kidderminster .
at this time , richard baxter [asked for] the favour of being restored to his flock in kidderminster .

Richard Baxter requested the opportunity to preach a farewell sermon and administer communion to his former flock , but this too was denied .
richard baxter [asked for] the opportunity to preach a farewell sermon and administer communion to his former flock , but this too was denied .

In September , Joseph requested permission to travel to Washington to correct the mistakes made in the recent settlement .
in september , joseph [asked for] permission to travel to washington to correct the mistakes made in the recent settlement .

His widow , Jane , spent her last years — until 1789 — at Chiswick , attending the parish church of St. Nicholas , and living on a pension from the Royal Academy , as requested by the King .
his widow , jane , spent her last years — until 1789 — at chiswick , attending the parish church of st. nicholas , and living on a pension from the royal academy , as [asked for] by the king .

The subject matter of the courses already attended and of those requested varied greatly .
the subject matter of the courses already attended and of those [asked for] varied greatly .

At this point it may be worth listing some of the courses requested during the study . These included :
at this point it may be worth listing some of the courses [asked for] during the study . these included :

The research instruments involved questions about the source of referral , section requested and psychiatric state suggested , if any , in the referral .
the research instruments involved questions about the source of referral , section [asked for] and psychiatric state suggested , if any , in the referral .

Daily rates vary according to whether you 've requested a set or unlimited mileage , and include collision damage waiver .
daily rates vary according to whether you 've [asked for] a set or unlimited mileage , and include collision damage waiver .

The closest correspondence between services requested and those received ( Table 4 ) was found in the individual specialist worker 's cases .
the closest correspondence between services [asked for] and those received ( table 4 ) was found in the individual specialist worker 's cases .

World Family was greatly touched , therefore , when Mr Round 's family requested that donations in lieu of floral tributes should be sent to us , to assist our work with children in less developed countries .
world family was greatly touched , therefore , when mr round 's family [asked for] that donations in lieu of floral tributes should be sent to us , to assist our work with children in less developed countries .

He not only informed on fellow-members of the Communist Party in 1934–6 and requested a public session in which to do so ‘ because secrecy serves the Communist cause ’ ; he took a display advertisement in the New York Times to justify himself .
he not only informed on fellow-members of the communist party in 1934–6 and [asked for] a public session in which to do so ‘ because secrecy serves the communist cause ’ ; he took a display advertisement in the new york times to justify himself .

There 's the opportunity to take a cookery course as an add-on , and Sue 's first students have requested another course this year on the role of the evening meal .
there 's the opportunity to take a cookery course as an add-on , and sue 's first students have [asked for] another course this year on the role of the evening meal .

‘ And ‘ Any Old Iron ’ for the Ancient Britons , ’ requested Otley .
‘ and ‘ any old iron ’ for the ancient britons , ’ [asked for] otley .

‘ Permission to speak , sir ? ’ requested a bold one limping up .
‘ permission to speak , sir ? ’ [asked for] a bold one limping up .

It lasted just over three weeks and the immediate conflict was only resolved by the intervention of the Ministry of Labour and its Minister , Sir Arthur Steel-Maitland , who requested that the employers allow the existing wage rates to continue until a Court of Investigation , which was to be set up , reported upon the woollen and worsted textile trades .
it lasted just over three weeks and the immediate conflict was only resolved by the intervention of the ministry of labour and its minister , sir arthur steel-maitland , who [asked for] that the employers allow the existing wage rates to continue until a court of investigation , which was to be set up , reported upon the woollen and worsted textile trades .

Product leaflets and other materials in support of submissions should not be discouraged and suppliers may well be requested to enclose relevant literature .
product leaflets and other materials in support of submissions should not be discouraged and suppliers may well be [asked for] to enclose relevant literature .

This leads to a neglect of conservation management … the soil conservation expert is thus requested to propose technical and educational solutions to socio-political problems , whilst the sociologist is given the task of obtaining the approval of the population for measures taken without its advice and real consent .
this leads to a neglect of conservation management … the soil conservation expert is thus [asked for] to propose technical and educational solutions to socio-political problems , whilst the sociologist is given the task of obtaining the approval of the population for measures taken without its advice and real consent .

Reports are requested for each ‘ Institute ’ child every year .
reports are [asked for] for each ‘ institute ’ child every year .

He said he wanted to be pleased at this news , but had been unable to confirm whether it was true or not , since Susan had not requested assistance in the boy 's upbringing , nor did she intend to call on him for support .
he said he wanted to be pleased at this news , but had been unable to confirm whether it was true or not , since susan had not [asked for] assistance in the boy 's upbringing , nor did she intend to call on him for support .

As requested , please find below the ISBNs for the above materials :
as [asked for] , please find below the isbns for the above materials :

The most publicised case was when a hotel was painted pink as requested , but the California-based Disney dream builders decided it was not quite the right shade of pink .
the most publicised case was when a hotel was painted pink as [asked for] , but the california-based disney dream builders decided it was not quite the right shade of pink .

But he said : ‘ Cabra have indicated that the basic proposals are inadequate and unacceptable and have requested further clarification as to the terms of the outline proposals which , at this time , have not been received .
but he said : ‘ cabra have indicated that the basic proposals are inadequate and unacceptable and have [asked for] further clarification as to the terms of the outline proposals which , at this time , have not been received .

; that was what he was invited for ’ ; and later we hear of him ‘ mimicking , when requested , various types of jews , a deaf peasant woman making her confession , or the birth of a child … ’ .
; that was what he was invited for ’ ; and later we hear of him ‘ mimicking , when [asked for] , various types of jews , a deaf peasant woman making her confession , or the birth of a child … ’ .

The Age Concern England Executive Committee requested at its last meeting that a copy of the Briefing Paper on Council Tax be circulated to Chairs of Age Concern organisations and this will be included with News for Chairmen this month .
the age concern england executive committee [asked for] at its last meeting that a copy of the briefing paper on council tax be circulated to chairs of age concern organisations and this will be included with news for chairmen this month .

They have also requested in their wills that Lizzie 's ashes be buried with them to ensure that , one day , they will all be together again .
they have also [asked for] in their wills that lizzie 's ashes be buried with them to ensure that , one day , they will all be together again .

‘ Half fill this from the tap , will you , ’ requested April , passing Maggie a saucepan .
‘ half fill this from the tap , will you , ’ [asked for] april , passing maggie a saucepan .

‘ When you get to the summit can you stop in the lay-by ? ’ Charlie requested .
‘ when you get to the summit can you stop in the lay-by ? ’ charlie [asked for] .

‘ Your torch Bryce , he requested .
‘ your torch bryce , he [asked for] .

‘ Would you stand up please , Mr Drew ? ’ requested the barrister .
‘ would you stand up please , mr drew ? ’ [asked for] the barrister .

Wells was requested to take the oath on whether he had actually made a statement , as the police seemed to have no record of it .
wells was [asked for] to take the oath on whether he had actually made a statement , as the police seemed to have no record of it .

These years in Salzburg were also marked by Mozart 's increasing frustration with life under Colloredo . Leopold had evidently requested leave of absence to travel again with his son on at least one occasion , and finally in August 1777 Mozart wrote to the Archbishop :
these years in salzburg were also marked by mozart 's increasing frustration with life under colloredo . leopold had evidently [asked for] leave of absence to travel again with his son on at least one occasion , and finally in august 1777 mozart wrote to the archbishop :

In the Elton Report survey , only 9 per cent of secondary school teachers had ever requested the suspension of a pupil .
in the elton report survey , only 9 per cent of secondary school teachers had ever [asked for] the suspension of a pupil .

The National Covenant had already been weakened by Chamoun 's decision to accept the Eisenhower Doctrine , under which the United States promised to use its forces to help any nation which requested assistance against aggressors controlled by ‘ international communism ’ .
the national covenant had already been weakened by chamoun 's decision to accept the eisenhower doctrine , under which the united states promised to use its forces to help any nation which [asked for] assistance against aggressors controlled by ‘ international communism ’ .

For the last two years Bob Mayhew has given demonstrations at the Horse and Rider Show which have proved very popular , and this year has been requested to give a teach-in at the Olympia Christmas Show .
for the last two years bob mayhew has given demonstrations at the horse and rider show which have proved very popular , and this year has been [asked for] to give a teach-in at the olympia christmas show .

At this time , the Christian factions within the Caliphates ( ex-slaves and captives who had risen to high office under Al-Mansur ) requested help from the Court of Castile .
at this time , the christian factions within the caliphates ( ex-slaves and captives who had risen to high office under al-mansur ) [asked for] help from the court of castile .

And he commanded and requested the Christians that they should show great honour to the Moors , and respect them , and greet them when they met : and the Moors thanked the Cid greatly for the honour which the Christians did them , saying that they had never seen so good a man , nor one so honourable , nor one who had his people under such obedience .
and he commanded and [asked for] the christians that they should show great honour to the moors , and respect them , and greet them when they met : and the moors thanked the cid greatly for the honour which the christians did them , saying that they had never seen so good a man , nor one so honourable , nor one who had his people under such obedience .

The facts are that the patient has requested that the doctor discontinue treatment , and the doctor has ignored this request .
the facts are that the patient has [asked for] that the doctor discontinue treatment , and the doctor has ignored this request .

There is a suspicion that here and there among the 20 or so items requested the editor 's leg has been mildly pulled .
there is a suspicion that here and there among the 20 or so items [asked for] the editor 's leg has been mildly pulled .

then make sure it is presented the way it is requested , even if it means rethinking the standard version you usually send out .
then make sure it is presented the way it is [asked for] , even if it means rethinking the standard version you usually send out .

Parents who requested places on a Kindertransport were warned that orthodox foster homes were not on offer and were asked if they objected to Christian hospitality .
parents who [asked for] places on a kindertransport were warned that orthodox foster homes were not on offer and were asked if they objected to christian hospitality .

An American controller on duty when we requested permission to land later took us to a hotel at 10 pm .
an american controller on duty when we [asked for] permission to land later took us to a hotel at 10 pm .

As most of the questions were open-ended , and because detailed descriptions of training programmes were requested , a considerable amount of anecdotal observations and examples of practice were supplied .
as most of the questions were open-ended , and because detailed descriptions of training programmes were [asked for] , a considerable amount of anecdotal observations and examples of practice were supplied .

Almost all of these estates had been mortgaged and German banks were unwilling to lend more money at the rates the Junkers requested .
almost all of these estates had been mortgaged and german banks were unwilling to lend more money at the rates the junkers [asked for] .

Request : Disguised as the ‘ Proud To Be Fat Association ’ , we requested Sir Cyril 's celebrity presence at an annual meeting .
request : disguised as the ‘ proud to be fat association ’ , we [asked for] sir cyril 's celebrity presence at an annual meeting .

Cyril 's hasty hand-written response exclaimed succinctly , ‘ Herewith , as requested .
cyril 's hasty hand-written response exclaimed succinctly , ‘ herewith , as [asked for] .

In seven cases there was acknowledged to have been a deterioration in the dependant 's condition , so that the principal carer accepted or had even requested institutional care .
in seven cases there was acknowledged to have been a deterioration in the dependant 's condition , so that the principal carer accepted or had even [asked for] institutional care .

For example one woman set fire to her kitchen accidentally and the carer , her neighbour , realised that it would not be safe for her to remain at home ; another carer , a husband , found himself becoming so stressed that he struck his wife ; he then requested institutional care .
for example one woman set fire to her kitchen accidentally and the carer , her neighbour , realised that it would not be safe for her to remain at home ; another carer , a husband , found himself becoming so stressed that he struck his wife ; he then [asked for] institutional care .

And they have requested that one of their representatives will be allowed to be present in order to put their case .
and they have [asked for] that one of their representatives will be allowed to be present in order to put their case .

Sir , — In a letter defending experiments on animals , Dr. Botting requested evidence to show the growing distrust of animal research expressed by the medical profession .
sir , — in a letter defending experiments on animals , dr. botting [asked for] evidence to show the growing distrust of animal research expressed by the medical profession .

On occasion , zones will be requested to submit notional breakdowns on their expenditure for the forthcoming year , but such submissions are often no more than the haziest guides to real expenditure .
on occasion , zones will be [asked for] to submit notional breakdowns on their expenditure for the forthcoming year , but such submissions are often no more than the haziest guides to real expenditure .

probably the sensible course is for most books to be ordered sight unseen , with the occasional title requested ‘ on approval ’ when it is thought that seeing the book would be helpful .
probably the sensible course is for most books to be ordered sight unseen , with the occasional title [asked for] ‘ on approval ’ when it is thought that seeing the book would be helpful .

In this case the librarian may choose to purchase or borrow through the interlending system , depending upon the work 's quality and the likelihood of its being requested and/or used again .
in this case the librarian may choose to purchase or borrow through the interlending system , depending upon the work 's quality and the likelihood of its being [asked for] and/or used again .

‘ No stock-taking ’ policies are adopted partly because of staffing shortages , but also on the premise that stock-taking is a waste of time because it does not bring back the missing books , and any item which is really important will be requested on reservation ( though a central reservation system , if employed , may mean that missing titles go unnoticed ) .
‘ no stock-taking ’ policies are adopted partly because of staffing shortages , but also on the premise that stock-taking is a waste of time because it does not bring back the missing books , and any item which is really important will be [asked for] on reservation ( though a central reservation system , if employed , may mean that missing titles go unnoticed ) .

From the user 's point of view , the source of a requested item is of far less interest than speed of supply . Any reader seeking an individual document at a library will be offered one of three different levels of service :
from the user 's point of view , the source of a [asked for] item is of far less interest than speed of supply . any reader seeking an individual document at a library will be offered one of three different levels of service :

In such cases the bureau workers will explain to the patients the nature of their detention , and advise them as to what rights they have to appeal , if any , and where requested , arrange for representation at Mental Health Review Tribunals .
in such cases the bureau workers will explain to the patients the nature of their detention , and advise them as to what rights they have to appeal , if any , and where [asked for] , arrange for representation at mental health review tribunals .

For example , the procedure whereby files were requested ( ie using a messenger service ) appeared to cause unacceptable delays with access to information held in the Registry .
for example , the procedure whereby files were [asked for] ( ie using a messenger service ) appeared to cause unacceptable delays with access to information held in the registry .

He is requested to make do with a sum of money .
he is [asked for] to make do with a sum of money .

Africanus ' answer ( no doubt , as often , he was following Julian ) was to construe the trust as being charged on the heir : he was being requested to abandon his claim against the debtor and cede it to the third-party beneficiary .
africanus ' answer ( no doubt , as often , he was following julian ) was to construe the trust as being charged on the heir : he was being [asked for] to abandon his claim against the debtor and cede it to the third-party beneficiary .

Seius Saturninus , a chief helmsman of the British fleet , left in his will Captain Valerius Maximus as his trustee-heir , and requested of him that he should make over his [ Seius ' ] estate to his son , Seius Oceanus , when he had reached the age of sixteen .
seius saturninus , a chief helmsman of the british fleet , left in his will captain valerius maximus as his trustee-heir , and [asked for] of him that he should make over his [ seius ' ] estate to his son , seius oceanus , when he had reached the age of sixteen .

My father related that , when he was in the panel advising the consul Ducenius Varus , his own view prevailed , when Otacilius Catulus had instituted his daughter sole heir , left a legacy of two hundred to a freedman , and requested that he should make that over to his concubine ; and then the freedman had predeceased the testator , and the legacy to him had remained with the daughter ; that the daughter should be compelled to make over the trust to the concubine .
my father related that , when he was in the panel advising the consul ducenius varus , his own view prevailed , when otacilius catulus had instituted his daughter sole heir , left a legacy of two hundred to a freedman , and [asked for] that he should make that over to his concubine ; and then the freedman had predeceased the testator , and the legacy to him had remained with the daughter ; that the daughter should be compelled to make over the trust to the concubine .

Yet in fact the principle at stake is quite a different one : these texts are dealing with a special type of trust of the residue of an estate , under which a trustee was requested on his death to hand over whatever was left of the estate he had inherited .
yet in fact the principle at stake is quite a different one : these texts are dealing with a special type of trust of the residue of an estate , under which a trustee was [asked for] on his death to hand over whatever was left of the estate he had inherited .

Here the trustee was the owner , but he was an owner who had been requested to hand the property over to the beneficiary .
here the trustee was the owner , but he was an owner who had been [asked for] to hand the property over to the beneficiary .

Here too the legatee would be asked to give a guarantee that he would make over the property as requested .
here too the legatee would be asked to give a guarantee that he would make over the property as [asked for] .

When a policeman raised his hand as a signal to approaching traffic to halt , there was no definite indication as to which vehicles were requested to move on when the officer waved his other arm .
when a policeman raised his hand as a signal to approaching traffic to halt , there was no definite indication as to which vehicles were [asked for] to move on when the officer waved his other arm .

When the retailer receives an answer to his enquiry , giving the information he requested , he may decide to write to the manufacturer again , asking for a quotation for a large quantity of the product .
when the retailer receives an answer to his enquiry , giving the information he [asked for] , he may decide to write to the manufacturer again , asking for a quotation for a large quantity of the product .

Diners are requested to vacate their tables by 8.15 p.m. and 10.45 p.m. respectively .
diners are [asked for] to vacate their tables by 8.15 p.m. and 10.45 p.m. respectively .

You are requested to vacate your tables by 2.00 p.m. and 5.00 p.m. respectively .
you are [asked for] to vacate your tables by 2.00 p.m. and 5.00 p.m. respectively .

to advise the Secretary of State on , and if so requested by him , assist him to carry out , programmes of research and development for purposes connected with the curriculum for schools
to advise the secretary of state on , and if so [asked for] by him , assist him to carry out , programmes of research and development for purposes connected with the curriculum for schools

to advise the Secretary of State on , and if so requested by him , assist him to carry out , programmes of research and development for purposes conflicted with examinations and assessment
to advise the secretary of state on , and if so [asked for] by him , assist him to carry out , programmes of research and development for purposes conflicted with examinations and assessment

Members of the Odiham Society resident in London ‘ and all friends of the Institution ’ were requested to attend the next meeting .
members of the odiham society resident in london ‘ and all friends of the institution ’ were [asked for] to attend the next meeting .

Under the care of this gentleman he remained near a week ; when , not finding that relief he hoped for , Dr Scott was requested to assist Dr Crawford , but with no better success , for notwithstanding the united efforts of these eminent physicians , the fevers and faintings encreased [ sic ] till they ended in delirium and death on the 21st , being seventeen days after the first attack ’ .
under the care of this gentleman he remained near a week ; when , not finding that relief he hoped for , dr scott was [asked for] to assist dr crawford , but with no better success , for notwithstanding the united efforts of these eminent physicians , the fevers and faintings encreased [ sic ] till they ended in delirium and death on the 21st , being seventeen days after the first attack ’ .

Power to enter private premises at all reasonable hours , on production of a duly authorised document , if requested , is given to environmental health officers to enable them to carry out their duties under the Acts , and any person who wilfully obstructs an officer in the execution of his duty shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50 .
power to enter private premises at all reasonable hours , on production of a duly authorised document , if [asked for] , is given to environmental health officers to enable them to carry out their duties under the acts , and any person who wilfully obstructs an officer in the execution of his duty shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50 .

As a result local authorities have been requested to take into consideration the following Code of Practice : ‘ Control of Smells from the Animal Waste Processing Industry ’ when contemplating any action they might take in order to reduce odour nuisance , and to be aware of the Reports of the Working Party on the Suppression of Odours from Offensive and Selected Other Trades , which gives guidance on the best practicable means for dealing with odours .
as a result local authorities have been [asked for] to take into consideration the following code of practice : ‘ control of smells from the animal waste processing industry ’ when contemplating any action they might take in order to reduce odour nuisance , and to be aware of the reports of the working party on the suppression of odours from offensive and selected other trades , which gives guidance on the best practicable means for dealing with odours .

In this game someone offers help even though it has n't been requested .
in this game someone offers help even though it has n't been [asked for] .

The supervisory authority is not able to grant an exemption from the information required , but may do so in respect of additional information that it has requested .
the supervisory authority is not able to grant an exemption from the information required , but may do so in respect of additional information that it has [asked for] .

The United Kingdom government requested that the Commission refer the case , as far as the bricks and clay tiles markets are concerned , on the grounds that the case raised significant competition issues in relation to these two product markets .
the united kingdom government [asked for] that the commission refer the case , as far as the bricks and clay tiles markets are concerned , on the grounds that the case raised significant competition issues in relation to these two product markets .

This clause was requested by the smaller member states , notably the Netherlands , that do not have a sophisticated form of merger control and wished to be able to invoke Community powers where necessary .
this clause was [asked for] by the smaller member states , notably the netherlands , that do not have a sophisticated form of merger control and wished to be able to invoke community powers where necessary .

He had already paid the debts of his brother Tom , an army officer in Canada , but with Ivanhoe selling 10,000 copies at 30s each , he sent the further £800 requested .
he had already paid the debts of his brother tom , an army officer in canada , but with ivanhoe selling 10,000 copies at 30s each , he sent the further £800 [asked for] .

One problem the French planners have still to solve is the role of female graduates , some of whom have requested to take part in the new scheme .
one problem the french planners have still to solve is the role of female graduates , some of whom have [asked for] to take part in the new scheme .

Congressman Albert Gore , who requested the survey , noted that screening carries Orwellian implications .
congressman albert gore , who [asked for] the survey , noted that screening carries orwellian implications .

At this point , the Shetland Bird Club , the Nature Conservancy Council , and the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds requested the Secretary of State for Scotland to issue an Article 4 direction over the keeping of mink in Shetland .
at this point , the shetland bird club , the nature conservancy council , and the royal society for the protection of birds [asked for] the secretary of state for scotland to issue an article 4 direction over the keeping of mink in shetland .

Both seem unnecessary for a hotel surrounded by the best in London 's culinary stakes but evening drinks can be arranged if requested .
both seem unnecessary for a hotel surrounded by the best in london 's culinary stakes but evening drinks can be arranged if [asked for] .

Winchester city councillor Major Dougie Covill requested that more pressure be put upon the county council to improve the footpaths and pavements which are in a very dangerous condition , and a Broad Street businessman wondered if residents were really aware of the changes going on in Broad Street , and the manner in which they were to be undertaken .
winchester city councillor major dougie covill [asked for] that more pressure be put upon the county council to improve the footpaths and pavements which are in a very dangerous condition , and a broad street businessman wondered if residents were really aware of the changes going on in broad street , and the manner in which they were to be undertaken .

Franco Ferrero wishes to apologize for the delay in sending out his Kayak & Mountain brochure but by now it should be on the way to all who requested it .
franco ferrero wishes to apologize for the delay in sending out his kayak & mountain brochure but by now it should be on the way to all who [asked for] it .

Are they even requested , by suitable cetacean encouragement , to ‘ Play it again , Sam ’ , as an item of pleasurable entertainment for the Humpback population ?
are they even [asked for] , by suitable cetacean encouragement , to ‘ play it again , sam ’ , as an item of pleasurable entertainment for the humpback population ?

Studies advisers will be pleased to provide students with information about the range of support available e.g. Student Services , Chaplaincy , Careers Advisory Service and , if requested , will make arrangements for students to seek specialist advice or help ;
studies advisers will be pleased to provide students with information about the range of support available e.g. student services , chaplaincy , careers advisory service and , if [asked for] , will make arrangements for students to seek specialist advice or help ;

Admission was sixpence and the elegance of the audience was mirrored in a programme note : ‘ Ladies of the Pavilion Stalls are kindly requested to remove their hats ’ .
admission was sixpence and the elegance of the audience was mirrored in a programme note : ‘ ladies of the pavilion stalls are kindly [asked for] to remove their hats ’ .

When requested to do his work in the company flat , and remembering the funereal atmosphere of the place , he refused .
when [asked for] to do his work in the company flat , and remembering the funereal atmosphere of the place , he refused .

Upon the unbuilt land will be specified all the intended improvements , for which purpose plans of the intended streets will be requested from the owners .
upon the unbuilt land will be specified all the intended improvements , for which purpose plans of the intended streets will be [asked for] from the owners .

The survey will be begun to be made , as soon as 500 copies are subscribed for , and it is eagerly requested that such as wish to become subscribers , will be as early as possible in signifying their names , that the proposer may embrace the opportunity of surveying all the streets this summer , which can not be conveniently done after 7 o'clock in the morning , on account of the interruption of carriage .
the survey will be begun to be made , as soon as 500 copies are subscribed for , and it is eagerly [asked for] that such as wish to become subscribers , will be as early as possible in signifying their names , that the proposer may embrace the opportunity of surveying all the streets this summer , which can not be conveniently done after 7 o'clock in the morning , on account of the interruption of carriage .

In 1810 Miss Weeton wrote to her brother : ‘ Mr. Green , the artist , requested me to stand Godmother for his child on Thursday last ( 11th October ) .
in 1810 miss weeton wrote to her brother : ‘ mr. green , the artist , [asked for] me to stand godmother for his child on thursday last ( 11th october ) .

Help , information and assistance always available when requested .
help , information and assistance always available when [asked for] .

Kessel ( 1965 ) has suggested a limit to the amount of tablets that could be dispensed at a given time , and in some areas chemist shop assistants are instructed to refer customers to senior staff when large amounts of tablets are being requested .
kessel ( 1965 ) has suggested a limit to the amount of tablets that could be dispensed at a given time , and in some areas chemist shop assistants are instructed to refer customers to senior staff when large amounts of tablets are being [asked for] .

If requested , collect specimens of urine from diabetic residents .
if [asked for] , collect specimens of urine from diabetic residents .

Most banks are requested by their central bank to keep a certain proportion of their assets in a liquid form .
most banks are [asked for] by their central bank to keep a certain proportion of their assets in a liquid form .

The syndicated euro-credit market 's development was encouraged by the increasing size of loans requested by governments and corporations for development programmes and projects .
the syndicated euro-credit market 's development was encouraged by the increasing size of loans [asked for] by governments and corporations for development programmes and projects .

The teenager wo n't put her soiled clothing in the laundry basket as requested ; they do n't get washed .
the teenager wo n't put her soiled clothing in the laundry basket as [asked for] ; they do n't get washed .

By 1987 , 57 local authorities were requested to submit Inner Area Programmes which were to outline the objectives of Urban Programme funding , and to indicate how other funding programmes dovetailed into Urban Programme activities ( DoE , 1989 ) .
by 1987 , 57 local authorities were [asked for] to submit inner area programmes which were to outline the objectives of urban programme funding , and to indicate how other funding programmes dovetailed into urban programme activities ( doe , 1989 ) .

To provide the Community , the Member States and participating third countries with the objective ( sic ) information requested for the formulation and implementation of sound and effective environmental policies ;
to provide the community , the member states and participating third countries with the objective ( sic ) information [asked for] for the formulation and implementation of sound and effective environmental policies ;

In particular , to provide technical , scientific and economic information requested by the Commission in its tasks of identification , preparation and assessment of the implementation and results of environmental action and legislation ;
in particular , to provide technical , scientific and economic information [asked for] by the commission in its tasks of identification , preparation and assessment of the implementation and results of environmental action and legislation ;

This seems to have satisfied Pennethorne , and he agreed to help Hunt as requested .
this seems to have satisfied pennethorne , and he agreed to help hunt as [asked for] .

In spite of the high figures quoted by Hall , only 218 entries were received at Westminster Hall , as requested , by the appointed dates .
in spite of the high figures quoted by hall , only 218 entries were received at westminster hall , as [asked for] , by the appointed dates .

Their competence was further questioned when it was resolved that , ‘ Messrs. Brunel and Burn be requested to examine further the plans proposed by Messrs. Angell and Pownall to be omitted , and to report to the Judges at their next meeting ’ .
their competence was further questioned when it was resolved that , ‘ messrs. brunel and burn be [asked for] to examine further the plans proposed by messrs. angell and pownall to be omitted , and to report to the judges at their next meeting ’ .

On Friday , 18th February , 1859 , a week after Tite 's question to Manners , Hall raised the subject of Scott 's appointment again , saying that under the rules of the House he had been debarred from saying more before . He now asked Manners why the first and second prize-winners in the competition had been passed over and Scott appointed , and requested that MPs should be given the opportunity to see all three designs displayed together before any further steps
on friday , 18th february , 1859 , a week after tite 's question to manners , hall raised the subject of scott 's appointment again , saying that under the rules of the house he had been debarred from saying more before . he now asked manners why the first and second prize-winners in the competition had been passed over and scott appointed , and [asked for] that mps should be given the opportunity to see all three designs displayed together before any further steps

On 27th December , 1858 , Hammond had requested a report on the condition of the old Foreign Office , which Phipps carried out and submitted to Manners on 12th January 1859 .
on 27th december , 1858 , hammond had [asked for] a report on the condition of the old foreign office , which phipps carried out and submitted to manners on 12th january 1859 .

Improvements are recommended in all of these studies such as shutting doors quietly ( and oiling them when necessary ) ; handling equipment carefully to reduce noise ; muting the alarm systems and telephones ; wearing soft-soled shoes ; providing soundproof covers for computer printout machines ; reducing conversations between staff and talking quietly ; providing earplugs if requested ; isolating ‘ noisy ’ patients from general wards when practicable so that they create the least possible disturbance to other patients — and , as Soutar & Wilson point out , most of these suggestions are simple and inexpensive remedies .
improvements are recommended in all of these studies such as shutting doors quietly ( and oiling them when necessary ) ; handling equipment carefully to reduce noise ; muting the alarm systems and telephones ; wearing soft-soled shoes ; providing soundproof covers for computer printout machines ; reducing conversations between staff and talking quietly ; providing earplugs if [asked for] ; isolating ‘ noisy ’ patients from general wards when practicable so that they create the least possible disturbance to other patients — and , as soutar & wilson point out , most of these suggestions are simple and inexpensive remedies .

If there were insufficient SKUs of the requested style , the order would be shorted or a phone call made to the retail buyer to negotiate a solution to the problem .
if there were insufficient skus of the [asked for] style , the order would be shorted or a phone call made to the retail buyer to negotiate a solution to the problem .

The silhouette for each individual pattern piece is generally traced or imprinted on a sheet of paper , which is called a “ marker. ” Finally , the cloth must be spread in as many layers of thickness as necessary to achieve the number of units requested or as many as can be properly cut at one time .
the silhouette for each individual pattern piece is generally traced or imprinted on a sheet of paper , which is called a “ marker. ” finally , the cloth must be spread in as many layers of thickness as necessary to achieve the number of units [asked for] or as many as can be properly cut at one time .

He cut them and The Lady , the Mother of God , arranged them in his tilma ( cloak ) and sent him to the bishop , with the proof requested .
he cut them and the lady , the mother of god , arranged them in his tilma ( cloak ) and sent him to the bishop , with the proof [asked for] .

The Spanish bishop believed , and as the beautiful woman requested , a church was built right on the mount of Tepeyac .
the spanish bishop believed , and as the beautiful woman [asked for] , a church was built right on the mount of tepeyac .

Despite the distraction of the constant crowds ( quiet is requested ) , visitors seem to yield to the power of Michelangelo ’ s ceiling , and his Last Judgement ( restored in 1994 ) .
despite the distraction of the constant crowds ( quiet is [asked for] ) , visitors seem to yield to the power of michelangelo ’ s ceiling , and his last judgement ( restored in 1994 ) .

From Kathmandu , take a car or bus up the Trisuli River valley ( an adventure in itself ) to Dhunche , the entrance to Langtang National Park ( there is a small fee to enter , so keep the ticket : it may be requested en route ) .
from kathmandu , take a car or bus up the trisuli river valley ( an adventure in itself ) to dhunche , the entrance to langtang national park ( there is a small fee to enter , so keep the ticket : it may be [asked for] en route ) .

An observer familiar with the reconfiguration debate who requested anonymity wondered why Dudovitz had not spent more time mending fences .
an observer familiar with the reconfiguration debate who [asked for] anonymity wondered why dudovitz had not spent more time mending fences .

Last year Congress appropriated $ 329 million to LSC to distribute to local programs across the country and LSC has requested the same amount for 2003 .
last year congress appropriated $ 329 million to lsc to distribute to local programs across the country and lsc has [asked for] the same amount for 2003 .

The $ 175,000 requested would have allowed the legal aid groups to maintain a skeleton staff to continue providing help beyond emergency protective orders for victims , completing existing cases and offering services in limited cases .
the $ 175,000 [asked for] would have allowed the legal aid groups to maintain a skeleton staff to continue providing help beyond emergency protective orders for victims , completing existing cases and offering services in limited cases .

Four former Passaic Legal Aid lawyers , who requested anonymity , confirm that those problems drove them and others to leave the program .
four former passaic legal aid lawyers , who [asked for] anonymity , confirm that those problems drove them and others to leave the program .

FY 04 Budget Outlook ; Legal Services Corporation Saturday , February 8 , 2003 The Legal Services Corp. ( LSC ) , a quasi-governmental agency that provides legal aid for the poor , would receive $ 329 million in fiscal 2004 under President Bush 's proposal - the same amount requested in 2003 and approved for 2002 and 2001 .
fy 04 budget outlook ; legal services corporation saturday , february 8 , 2003 the legal services corp. ( lsc ) , a quasi-governmental agency that provides legal aid for the poor , would receive $ 329 million in fiscal 2004 under president bush 's proposal - the same amount [asked for] in 2003 and approved for 2002 and 2001 .

Alexander also requested money for five additional Superior Court judgeships and one additional District Court judgeships , arguing that increased caseloads require more judges .
alexander also [asked for] money for five additional superior court judgeships and one additional district court judgeships , arguing that increased caseloads require more judges .

IRS officials indicated that none of the business units requested additional points for the fiscal year 2001 ratings .
irs officials indicated that none of the business units [asked for] additional points for the fiscal year 2001 ratings .

While in this case there was no notice of proposed rulemaking , we note that the Mental Health Parity Act of 1996 was enacted in September 1996 and the agencies requested comments on the legislation in July 1997 , 10 months after enactment .
while in this case there was no notice of proposed rulemaking , we note that the mental health parity act of 1996 was enacted in september 1996 and the agencies [asked for] comments on the legislation in july 1997 , 10 months after enactment .

The Departments have each submitted information collection requests to OMB and , according to the preamble , the Departments of the Treasury and Labor have requested emergency approval by OMB .
the departments have each submitted information collection requests to omb and , according to the preamble , the departments of the treasury and labor have [asked for] emergency approval by omb .

At the same time as it requested public comments , the Commission submitted its proposed collection of information and certification under 44 U.S.C .
at the same time as it [asked for] public comments , the commission submitted its proposed collection of information and certification under 44 u.s.c .

To help identify solutions to this problem , Senators Fred Thompson and John Glenn , Chairman and Ranking Minority Member , respectively , of the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs , requested that we study organizations with superior security programs to identify management practices that could benefit federal agencies .
to help identify solutions to this problem , senators fred thompson and john glenn , chairman and ranking minority member , respectively , of the senate committee on governmental affairs , [asked for] that we study organizations with superior security programs to identify management practices that could benefit federal agencies .

Such techniques , often referred to as `` social engineering , '' exploit users ' tendencies to be cooperative and helpful , instead of guarded , careful , and suspicious , when information is requested .
such techniques , often referred to as `` social engineering , '' exploit users ' tendencies to be cooperative and helpful , instead of guarded , careful , and suspicious , when information is [asked for] .

In some cases , respondents had questions about the specific reporting requirements or requested clarification on particular items .
in some cases , respondents had questions about the specific reporting requirements or [asked for] clarification on particular items .

Some respondents requested that the standards provide for reporting additional information , such as transfers of stewardship property to foreign governments , stewardship land sold to the private sector , the Federal Government 's interest in such things as property held by nonfederal entities or patents generated through Federal research and development funds , and foreign contributions to Federal programs .
some respondents [asked for] that the standards provide for reporting additional information , such as transfers of stewardship property to foreign governments , stewardship land sold to the private sector , the federal government 's interest in such things as property held by nonfederal entities or patents generated through federal research and development funds , and foreign contributions to federal programs .

I requested these records in writing on July 18 , 2001 , in accordance with section 716 .
i [asked for] these records in writing on july 18 , 2001 , in accordance with section 716 .

Description of Records Requested In May 2001 , the Comptroller General authorized this GAO study based on a request from Representatives John D. Dingell and Henry A. Waxman , Ranking Minority Members of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce and the House Committee on Government Reform , respectively .
description of records [asked for] in may 2001 , the comptroller general authorized this gao study based on a request from representatives john d. dingell and henry a. waxman , ranking minority members of the house committee on energy and commerce and the house committee on government reform , respectively .

Our study is narrowly focused to answer the question , ƒWhat process did the NEPDG use to develop the National Energy Policy ? ≈ To answer that question , we have requested documents that provide the following information :
our study is narrowly focused to answer the question , ƒwhat process did the nepdg use to develop the national energy policy ? ≈ to answer that question , we have [asked for] documents that provide the following information :

Instead , on May 16 , the Vice President « s Counsel sent GAO a letter questioning the appropriateness of GAO « s review , expressing reluctance to supply the information requested and asking for a statement of GAO « s legal authority to conduct the review .
instead , on may 16 , the vice president « s counsel sent gao a letter questioning the appropriateness of gao « s review , expressing reluctance to supply the information [asked for] and asking for a statement of gao « s legal authority to conduct the review .

We responded on June 1 that the request was consistent with our authorities and asked for access to records containing the information requested .
we responded on june 1 that the request was consistent with our authorities and asked for access to records containing the information [asked for] .

In this regard , during hearings that predated the 1980 Act , the Deputy Assistant Attorney General of the Office of Legal Counsel testified , ƒ [ T ] he long and the short of it is that virtually every piece of information that was requested was eventually provided and it was provided because the Attorney General said this is what we think the law requires.≈ GAO Legislation : Hearings before the Subcomm .
in this regard , during hearings that predated the 1980 act , the deputy assistant attorney general of the office of legal counsel testified , ƒ [ t ] he long and the short of it is that virtually every piece of information that was [asked for] was eventually provided and it was provided because the attorney general said this is what we think the law requires.≈ gao legislation : hearings before the subcomm .

Submission of Report Since GAO has a legal right of access to the requested documents and since full access was not provided within 20 days following our July 18 letter pursuant to 31 U.S.C .
submission of report since gao has a legal right of access to the [asked for] documents and since full access was not provided within 20 days following our july 18 letter pursuant to 31 u.s.c .

Specifically , in the payment processing area , agencies have redesigned or improved existing systems and have formally requested GAO 's views on the quality of internal control designed into the new or modified systems .
specifically , in the payment processing area , agencies have redesigned or improved existing systems and have formally [asked for] gao 's views on the quality of internal control designed into the new or modified systems .

Several agencies have requested opinions from us on whether proposed new payment system designs or proposed system modifications conform to the requirements of Title 7 internal controls .
several agencies have [asked for] opinions from us on whether proposed new payment system designs or proposed system modifications conform to the requirements of title 7 internal controls .

However , we emphasized that employees responsible for maintaining the documents must be familiar with the retention and storage requirements set forth in Title 8 , `` Records Management , '' of the GAO Policyand ProceduresManualand that they might be requested to forward the documents for review by the certifying officer or auditors .
however , we emphasized that employees responsible for maintaining the documents must be familiar with the retention and storage requirements set forth in title 8 , `` records management , '' of the gao policyand proceduresmanualand that they might be [asked for] to forward the documents for review by the certifying officer or auditors .

Several agencies have requested our opinion on whether newly designed systems or modified ones conform to the requirements of Title 7 regarding internal control .
several agencies have [asked for] our opinion on whether newly designed systems or modified ones conform to the requirements of title 7 regarding internal control .

In streamlining their employee travel systems , several agencies designed automated systems containing electronic travel vouchers and requested our assistance in interpreting Title 7 requirements and assessing their designed internal controls .
in streamlining their employee travel systems , several agencies designed automated systems containing electronic travel vouchers and [asked for] our assistance in interpreting title 7 requirements and assessing their designed internal controls .

Two agencies requested our views on whether the electronic signatures proposed in their designs provided sufficient control to ensure the integrity of the data on the vouchers after being completed by the traveler and approved by the supervisor .
two agencies [asked for] our views on whether the electronic signatures proposed in their designs provided sufficient control to ensure the integrity of the data on the vouchers after being completed by the traveler and approved by the supervisor .

The agency believed that a flatrate would reduce the administrative effort needed to separately record all actual lodging costs incurred , retain and submit the receipts when requested , and examine the lodging costs on the voucher .
the agency believed that a flatrate would reduce the administrative effort needed to separately record all actual lodging costs incurred , retain and submit the receipts when [asked for] , and examine the lodging costs on the voucher .

The Departments have requested emergency review of the collections because the collection of the information is needed before the expiration of the normal time limits of the act to assure guaranteeing availability of individual health insurance coverage to certain individuals with prior group coverage .
the departments have [asked for] emergency review of the collections because the collection of the information is needed before the expiration of the normal time limits of the act to assure guaranteeing availability of individual health insurance coverage to certain individuals with prior group coverage .

With respect to setting priorities , GAO considers the nature of the requested work in light of Senate and House rules governing the committees , including their appropriation , authorization , budgetary , and oversight jurisdiction over a program or activity .
with respect to setting priorities , gao considers the nature of the [asked for] work in light of senate and house rules governing the committees , including their appropriation , authorization , budgetary , and oversight jurisdiction over a program or activity .

When a request is declined , GAO will provide the requester the rationale for declining the work ( e.g. , the requested work is outside GAO 's scope of authority , GAO already has ongoing work addressing the issue , or resource constraints limit our ability to respond to a Member request ) .
when a request is declined , gao will provide the requester the rationale for declining the work ( e.g. , the [asked for] work is outside gao 's scope of authority , gao already has ongoing work addressing the issue , or resource constraints limit our ability to respond to a member request ) .

In limited circumstances , GAO may be unable to do the requested work on behalf of a particular committee or Member .
in limited circumstances , gao may be unable to do the [asked for] work on behalf of a particular committee or member .

These circumstances involve situations in which the request ( 1 ) addresses an important issue of broad interest to multiple committees or the Congress as a whole , ( 2 ) involves an issue that is a legislative priority or is on a fast legislative track , or ( 3 ) asks for a compilation of information which GAO has developed from a substantial body of prior work and/or work originally requested by others .
these circumstances involve situations in which the request ( 1 ) addresses an important issue of broad interest to multiple committees or the congress as a whole , ( 2 ) involves an issue that is a legislative priority or is on a fast legislative track , or ( 3 ) asks for a compilation of information which gao has developed from a substantial body of prior work and/or work originally [asked for] by others .

On rare occasions , the results of ongoing congressionally requested work may be important and relevant to pending legislation ( e.g. , when GAO has information which could inform the legislative debate on the Senate or House floor ) or other institutional interests .
on rare occasions , the results of ongoing congressionally [asked for] work may be important and relevant to pending legislation ( e.g. , when gao has information which could inform the legislative debate on the senate or house floor ) or other institutional interests .

Product Release All congressionally requested products will have a targeted issuance date .
product release all congressionally [asked for] products will have a targeted issuance date .

Written comments on the unapproved collections are requested and no one need respond to such collections until approved by OMB .
written comments on the unapproved collections are [asked for] and no one need respond to such collections until approved by omb .

Research , Development , Test and Evaluation , and Procurement Funding for Fiscal Years 1995 to 200712 Knowledge-based Process for Applying Best Practices to the Development of New Products13 Notional Illustration Showing the Different Paths That a Product 's Development Can Take15 DOD 's Concurrent Approach to Weapon System Development16 Notional Single-Step and Evolutionary Approaches to Developing New Products31 Achieving Stability on AIM-9X Missile Program by Knowledge Point 244 History of Drawing Completion for the F-22 Program46 PAC-3 Design Knowledge at Critical Design Review49 Illustration to Show How the Best Practice Model Would Apply to DOD 's Acquisition Process56 A United States General Accounting Office Washington , D.C. 20548 July 15 , 2002 The Honorable Daniel Akaka Chairman The Honorable James Inhofe Ranking Minority Member Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support Committee on Armed Services United States Senate As you requested , this report examines how best practices offer improvements to the way the Department of Defense develops new weapon systems , primarily the design and manufacturing aspects of the acquisition process .
research , development , test and evaluation , and procurement funding for fiscal years 1995 to 200712 knowledge-based process for applying best practices to the development of new products13 notional illustration showing the different paths that a product 's development can take15 dod 's concurrent approach to weapon system development16 notional single-step and evolutionary approaches to developing new products31 achieving stability on aim-9x missile program by knowledge point 244 history of drawing completion for the f-22 program46 pac-3 design knowledge at critical design review49 illustration to show how the best practice model would apply to dod 's acquisition process56 a united states general accounting office washington , d.c. 20548 july 15 , 2002 the honorable daniel akaka chairman the honorable james inhofe ranking minority member subcommittee on readiness and management support committee on armed services united states senate as you [asked for] , this report examines how best practices offer improvements to the way the department of defense develops new weapon systems , primarily the design and manufacturing aspects of the acquisition process .

The policy states that an interim progress review should be held between the two stages , but the review has no established agenda and no required outputs of information unless specifically requested by the decision maker .
the policy states that an interim progress review should be held between the two stages , but the review has no established agenda and no required outputs of information unless specifically [asked for] by the decision maker .

Additional funding in fiscal year 2002 is being requested for : mandatory pay and benefit costs resulting primarily from federal cost-of-living and locality pay adjustments , based on Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) guidance , increased participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System , and an increase in the estimated number of retirees -- $ 17,554,000 ; uncontrollable inflationary increases in transportation , lodging , postage , printing , supplies , contracts , and other essential mission support services , based on OMB 's 2percent inflation index and other factors -- $ 1,565,000 ; and uncontrollable contract rate increases in building operations and maintenance and information technology programs -- $ 1,453,000 .
additional funding in fiscal year 2002 is being [asked for] for : mandatory pay and benefit costs resulting primarily from federal cost-of-living and locality pay adjustments , based on office of management and budget ( omb ) guidance , increased participation in the federal employees retirement system , and an increase in the estimated number of retirees -- $ 17,554,000 ; uncontrollable inflationary increases in transportation , lodging , postage , printing , supplies , contracts , and other essential mission support services , based on omb 's 2percent inflation index and other factors -- $ 1,565,000 ; and uncontrollable contract rate increases in building operations and maintenance and information technology programs -- $ 1,453,000 .

Funding of $ 8,004,000 for salaries and benefits also is being requested to staff and support our approved 3,275 full-time equivalent staffing level .
funding of $ 8,004,000 for salaries and benefits also is being [asked for] to staff and support our approved 3,275 full-time equivalent staffing level .

The additional funds requested also would be used to continue initiatives begun in fiscal year 2000 that are critical to supporting the Congress and the goals and objectives identified in our strategic plan .
the additional funds [asked for] also would be used to continue initiatives begun in fiscal year 2000 that are critical to supporting the congress and the goals and objectives identified in our strategic plan .

I have only requested the funding necessary to properly maintain and support this staffing level and cover mandatory expenses , including inflation and compensation costs .
i have only [asked for] the funding necessary to properly maintain and support this staffing level and cover mandatory expenses , including inflation and compensation costs .

However , as illustrated in the following graphic , the funding GAO received has been significantly less than what we requested and needed to support our approved staffing level .
however , as illustrated in the following graphic , the funding gao received has been significantly less than what we [asked for] and needed to support our approved staffing level .

Nonetheless , the Department specifically requested comments from interested persons , which are due by September 3 , 1996 .
nonetheless , the department specifically [asked for] comments from interested persons , which are due by september 3 , 1996 .

Public comment is requested on all draft revisions to the standards .
public comment is [asked for] on all draft revisions to the standards .

These services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits in that auditors may ( 1 ) provide information or data to a requesting party without providing verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data , or ( 2 ) perform tasks requested by management that directly support the entity 's operations , such as asset evaluation , actuarial services , or information system design services .
these services generally differ from financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits in that auditors may ( 1 ) provide information or data to a requesting party without providing verification , analysis , or evaluation of the information or data , and therefore the work does not usually provide a basis for conclusions , recommendations , or opinions on the information or data , or ( 2 ) perform tasks [asked for] by management that directly support the entity 's operations , such as asset evaluation , actuarial services , or information system design services .

These nonaudit services consist of gathering , providing , or explaining information requested by decision makers or providing advice or assistance to management officials .
these nonaudit services consist of gathering , providing , or explaining information [asked for] by decision makers or providing advice or assistance to management officials .

Any extensions of these time frames to meet the external peer review requirements can only be granted by GAO and should only be requested for extraordinary circumstances .
any extensions of these time frames to meet the external peer review requirements can only be granted by gao and should only be [asked for] for extraordinary circumstances .

Such communication should include the nature of any additional testing of compliance and internal control required by laws and regulations or otherwise requested , and whether the auditors are planning on providing opinions on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .
such communication should include the nature of any additional testing of compliance and internal control required by laws and regulations or otherwise [asked for] , and whether the auditors are planning on providing opinions on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .

Other potential users of the auditors ' report include government legislators or officials ( other than those who may have authorized or requested the audit ) , the media , interest groups , and individual citizens .
other potential users of the auditors ' report include government legislators or officials ( other than those who may have authorized or [asked for] the audit ) , the media , interest groups , and individual citizens .

To help identify solutions to this problem , Senators Fred Thompson and John Glenn , Chairman and Ranking Minority Member , respectively , of the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs , requested that we study organizations with superior security programs to identify management practices that could benefit federal agencies .
to help identify solutions to this problem , senators fred thompson and john glenn , chairman and ranking minority member , respectively , of the senate committee on governmental affairs , [asked for] that we study organizations with superior security programs to identify management practices that could benefit federal agencies .

Such techniques , often referred to as `` social engineering , '' exploit users ' tendencies to be cooperative and helpful , instead of guarded , careful , and suspicious , when information is requested .
such techniques , often referred to as `` social engineering , '' exploit users ' tendencies to be cooperative and helpful , instead of guarded , careful , and suspicious , when information is [asked for] .

At the same time , public comments to both FSIS and the Office of Management and Budget were requested .
at the same time , public comments to both fsis and the office of management and budget were [asked for] .

It provided more than $ 20 billion in direct financial Page 5 GAO/TOCG0010 benefits , recommended over 600 actions that have led to improvements in government operations , and provided 229 testimonies requested by congressional committees .
it provided more than $ 20 billion in direct financial page 5 gao/tocg0010 benefits , recommended over 600 actions that have led to improvements in government operations , and provided 229 testimonies [asked for] by congressional committees .

GAO has requested funding to improve compensation comparability with the executive branch , strengthen performance reward and recognition programs , reengineer our performance appraisal system , and increase our staff productivity through training and development as well as new information technology resources .
gao has [asked for] funding to improve compensation comparability with the executive branch , strengthen performance reward and recognition programs , reengineer our performance appraisal system , and increase our staff productivity through training and development as well as new information technology resources .

Unfortunately , despite our numerous attempts to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation on this matter , to date , the information we requested has not been made available to us .
unfortunately , despite our numerous attempts to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation on this matter , to date , the information we [asked for] has not been made available to us .

In his August 2 , 2001 , letter to both Houses of Congress , the Vice President raised a number of objections to providing the information we requested .
in his august 2 , 2001 , letter to both houses of congress , the vice president raised a number of objections to providing the information we [asked for] .

In accordance with the prescribed statutory process , on August 17 , 2001 , we reported to the Congress , the President , the Vice President , and other officials that the NEPDG had not provided the requested records .
in accordance with the prescribed statutory process , on august 17 , 2001 , we reported to the congress , the president , the vice president , and other officials that the nepdg had not provided the [asked for] records .

Moreover , even though the Vice President and his counsel acknowledge our authority to access cost information , they have not provided us the remaining cost information and explanations requested .
moreover , even though the vice president and his counsel acknowledge our authority to access cost information , they have not provided us the remaining cost information and explanations [asked for] .

This , plus the Senate 's expected consideration of comprehensive energy legislation this session , reinforces the need for the information we requested concerning the development of the National Energy Policy proposal .
this , plus the senate 's expected consideration of comprehensive energy legislation this session , reinforces the need for the information we [asked for] concerning the development of the national energy policy proposal .

For example , two organizations charged membership fees-one of which exceeded $ 25,000 a year-and other organizations requested people to provide support staff and analysts .
for example , two organizations charged membership fees-one of which exceeded $ 25,000 a year-and other organizations [asked for] people to provide support staff and analysts .

The preamble to the proposed rule contained an explanation of the need for the information , the burden estimates related to each portion of the rule , and requested comments be submitted to both the SEC and OMB regarding the information collections .
the preamble to the proposed rule contained an explanation of the need for the information , the burden estimates related to each portion of the rule , and [asked for] comments be submitted to both the sec and omb regarding the information collections .

Section 603 Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Pursuant to section 603 of the Act , the Commission incorporated an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis ( IRFA ) in its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking , and written comments were requested .
section 603 initial regulatory flexibility analysis pursuant to section 603 of the act , the commission incorporated an initial regulatory flexibility analysis ( irfa ) in its notice of proposed rulemaking , and written comments were [asked for] .

It is estimated that there will be 1,310 respondents and the burden hours vary from 11 to 24 hours per response depending on the type of authorization requested .
it is estimated that there will be 1,310 respondents and the burden hours vary from 11 to 24 hours per response depending on the type of authorization [asked for] .

United States General Accounting Office Washington , D.C. 20548-0001 Official Business Penalty for Private Use $ 300 Address Correction Requested Bulk Rate Postage & Fees Paid GAO Permit No .
united states general accounting office washington , d.c. 20548-0001 official business penalty for private use $ 300 address correction [asked for] bulk rate postage & fees paid gao permit no .

The FCC has requested emergency approval by OMB of the revised collection by March 2 , 1998 , and will accept comments on the collection until February 25 , 1998 .
the fcc has [asked for] emergency approval by omb of the revised collection by march 2 , 1998 , and will accept comments on the collection until february 25 , 1998 .

This software may be requested from GAO by returning the card included with this guide .
this software may be [asked for] from gao by returning the card included with this guide .

United States General Accounting Office Washington , D.C. 20548-0001 Official Business Penalty for Private Use $ 300 Address Correction Requested Bulk Mail Postage & Fees Paid GAO Permit No .
united states general accounting office washington , d.c. 20548-0001 official business penalty for private use $ 300 address correction [asked for] bulk mail postage & fees paid gao permit no .

For congressionally requested work , further information may be shared after consultation with the congressional requester ( s ) .
for congressionally [asked for] work , further information may be shared after consultation with the congressional requester ( s ) .

If the review includes work at separate agency field locations , or if requested by the agency , GAO will consider holding additional entrance conferences when work is begun at field locations .
if the review includes work at separate agency field locations , or if [asked for] by the agency , gao will consider holding additional entrance conferences when work is begun at field locations .

If requested , GAO will consider either including all of the agencies under the review at a single entrance conference or holding a separate entrance conference with specific agencies .
if [asked for] , gao will consider either including all of the agencies under the review at a single entrance conference or holding a separate entrance conference with specific agencies .

On occasion , the congressional client ( s ) who requested the work may ask to see the agency 's comments before GAO 's final report is issued .
on occasion , the congressional client ( s ) who [asked for] the work may ask to see the agency 's comments before gao 's final report is issued .

For example , because most hearing appearances are requested and statements are delivered within short time frames or are based on work that is new and quickly developed , ongoing or already completed , GAO generally does not hold an entrance conference with agency officials .
for example , because most hearing appearances are [asked for] and statements are delivered within short time frames or are based on work that is new and quickly developed , ongoing or already completed , gao generally does not hold an entrance conference with agency officials .

However , GAO will provide the agencies with hard copies of the report , if requested .
however , gao will provide the agencies with hard copies of the report , if [asked for] .

All congressionally requested products will have a targeted issue date that is determined through negotiations between GAO and the requester ( s ) .
all congressionally [asked for] products will have a targeted issue date that is determined through negotiations between gao and the requester ( s ) .

While for the most part , agencies have provided GAO with requested information within agreed-upon time frames , the following sections describe the steps GAO is authorized to follow if it believes it is experiencing unreasonable delays in obtaining the requested access .
while for the most part , agencies have provided gao with [asked for] information within agreed-upon time frames , the following sections describe the steps gao is authorized to follow if it believes it is experiencing unreasonable delays in obtaining the [asked for] access .

GAO also expects that it will receive full and timely access to agency officials who have stewardship over the requested records ; to agency employees who are responsible for the programs , issues , events , operations , and other factors covered by such records ; and contractor personnel supporting such programs , issues , events , and operations .
gao also expects that it will receive full and timely access to agency officials who have stewardship over the [asked for] records ; to agency employees who are responsible for the programs , issues , events , operations , and other factors covered by such records ; and contractor personnel supporting such programs , issues , events , and operations .

For the most part , agencies have provided GAO with requested information within agreed-upon time frames .
for the most part , agencies have provided gao with [asked for] information within agreed-upon time frames .

However , if GAO believes it is experiencing unreasonable delays in obtaining requested access , GAO officials will contact the agency 's leadership for resolution and notify the congressional requester ( s ) of the work affected , as appropriate .
however , if gao believes it is experiencing unreasonable delays in obtaining [asked for] access , gao officials will contact the agency 's leadership for resolution and notify the congressional requester ( s ) of the work affected , as appropriate .

Press Policy GAO does not initiate press conferences , but senior GAO officials may participate in press conferences held by Members of Congress , if requested .
press policy gao does not initiate press conferences , but senior gao officials may participate in press conferences held by members of congress , if [asked for] .

At that time , written comments on the proposal were requested .
at that time , written comments on the proposal were [asked for] .

United States General Accounting Office Washington , D.C. 20548-0001 Official Business Penalty for Private Use $ 300 Address Correction Requested Bulk Rate Postage & Fees Paid GAO Permit No .
united states general accounting office washington , d.c. 20548-0001 official business penalty for private use $ 300 address correction [asked for] bulk rate postage & fees paid gao permit no .

HHS has requested emergency review of the collections because the collection of the information is needed before the expiration of the normal time limits of the act to assure guaranteeing availability of individual health insurance coverage to certain individuals with prior group coverage .
hhs has [asked for] emergency review of the collections because the collection of the information is needed before the expiration of the normal time limits of the act to assure guaranteeing availability of individual health insurance coverage to certain individuals with prior group coverage .

We did our work in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards from December 1999 through May 2001 in Washington , D.C. We requested comments from BEA , OMB , and several subject matter experts .
we did our work in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards from december 1999 through may 2001 in washington , d.c. we [asked for] comments from bea , omb , and several subject matter experts .

Procedures for Addressing Privileged or Confidential Information : If a recipient believes that documents or information requested by OCE contain information that is protected by the attorney-client privilege , applicable rules of professional responsibility or other law , the recipient will send written notice to OCE as soon as possible setting forth ( 1 ) a full description of the nature of the privileged or confidential information , ( 2 ) a statement explaining the basis for determining that such information is privileged or confidential , and ( 3 ) any recommendations of reasonable approaches to accessing such information .
procedures for addressing privileged or confidential information : if a recipient believes that documents or information [asked for] by oce contain information that is protected by the attorney-client privilege , applicable rules of professional responsibility or other law , the recipient will send written notice to oce as soon as possible setting forth ( 1 ) a full description of the nature of the privileged or confidential information , ( 2 ) a statement explaining the basis for determining that such information is privileged or confidential , and ( 3 ) any recommendations of reasonable approaches to accessing such information .

Finally , workers are unlikely to discover that the employer has blacklisted or retaliated against them until they fail to be requested to work again the following season .
finally , workers are unlikely to discover that the employer has blacklisted or retaliated against them until they fail to be [asked for] to work again the following season .

LSC attorneys have requested and received court continuances , special provisions , and discovery orders based on representations to the court and to the opposing party that the client would be out of the country when the hearing or deposition was scheduled .
lsc attorneys have [asked for] and received court continuances , special provisions , and discovery orders based on representations to the court and to the opposing party that the client would be out of the country when the hearing or deposition was scheduled .

Programs were requested to develop plans to coordinate and integrate their work in seven important areas -- enhancing client access and efficiency in delivering high quality legal assistance ; using technology to expand access and enhance services ; promoting client self-help and preventive legal education and advice ; coordinating legal work and training ; collaborating with the private bar ; expanding resources to support legal services ; and designing a system configuration that enhances client services , reduces barriers and operates efficiently and effectively .
programs were [asked for] to develop plans to coordinate and integrate their work in seven important areas -- enhancing client access and efficiency in delivering high quality legal assistance ; using technology to expand access and enhance services ; promoting client self-help and preventive legal education and advice ; coordinating legal work and training ; collaborating with the private bar ; expanding resources to support legal services ; and designing a system configuration that enhances client services , reduces barriers and operates efficiently and effectively .

LSC requested that the planners seriously consider the advantages of having one LSC-funded program anchor each of the six regions identified in the plan .
lsc [asked for] that the planners seriously consider the advantages of having one lsc-funded program anchor each of the six regions identified in the plan .

In 1996 , in response to LSC 's first program letter , the programs requested that the Illinois State Bar Association and the Chicago Bar Association join them in the planning process .
in 1996 , in response to lsc 's first program letter , the programs [asked for] that the illinois state bar association and the chicago bar association join them in the planning process .

In 1995 , in response to the pending cuts in LSC funding , the Minnesota Legislature requested the Minnesota Supreme Court to create a joint committee including representatives from the Supreme Court , the MSBA , the Coalition , and other providers to prepare recommendations for state funding changes or other alternatives to maintain an adequate level of funding for civil legal assistance .
in 1995 , in response to the pending cuts in lsc funding , the minnesota legislature [asked for] the minnesota supreme court to create a joint committee including representatives from the supreme court , the msba , the coalition , and other providers to prepare recommendations for state funding changes or other alternatives to maintain an adequate level of funding for civil legal assistance .

One year later , the three federally-funded legal services programs requested that the ATJ Board appoint a committee to oversee the planning process outlined in LSC 's 1995 Program Letter .
one year later , the three federally-funded legal services programs [asked for] that the atj board appoint a committee to oversee the planning process outlined in lsc 's 1995 program letter .

Where state regulations prohibit importation or use of the recommended test species , permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .
where state regulations prohibit importation or use of the recommended test species , permission must be [asked for] from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .

Where state regulations prohibit importation of non-native fishes or use of the recommended test species , permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .
where state regulations prohibit importation of non-native fishes or use of the recommended test species , permission must be [asked for] from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .

Where a variance in holding time ( > 36 h , but # 72 h ) is requested by a permittee ( See Subsection 8.5.4 ) , information on the effects of the extension in holding time on the toxicity of the samples must be obtained by comparing the results of multi-concentration chronic toxicity tests performed on effluent samples held 36 h with toxicity test results using the same samples after they were held for the requested , longer period .
where a variance in holding time ( > 36 h , but # 72 h ) is [asked for] by a permittee ( see subsection 8.5.4 ) , information on the effects of the extension in holding time on the toxicity of the samples must be obtained by comparing the results of multi-concentration chronic toxicity tests performed on effluent samples held 36 h with toxicity test results using the same samples after they were held for the [asked for] , longer period .

Where a variance in holding time ( > 36 h , but # 72 h ) is requested by a permittee , ( see Subsection 8.5.4 above ) , information on the effects of the extension in holding time on the toxicity of samples must be obtained by comparing the results of multi-concentration chronic toxicity tests performed on effluent samples held 36 h with toxicity test results using the same samples after they were held for the requested , longer period .
where a variance in holding time ( > 36 h , but # 72 h ) is [asked for] by a permittee , ( see subsection 8.5.4 above ) , information on the effects of the extension in holding time on the toxicity of samples must be obtained by comparing the results of multi-concentration chronic toxicity tests performed on effluent samples held 36 h with toxicity test results using the same samples after they were held for the [asked for] , longer period .

In conducting the modeling requested by Senators Jeffords and Lieberman , EPA has assumed that the reductions would be achieved through a nationwide `` cap-and-trade '' system similar to the Acid Rain program established under the 1990 Amendments to the Clean Air Act , together with increasing penetration and performance of energy technologies .
in conducting the modeling [asked for] by senators jeffords and lieberman , epa has assumed that the reductions would be achieved through a nationwide `` cap-and-trade '' system similar to the acid rain program established under the 1990 amendments to the clean air act , together with increasing penetration and performance of energy technologies .

Other Analytical Assumptions As previously noted , the letter from Senators Lieberman and Jeffords requested that EPA use four different sets of technology and policy assumptions to meet the specified emission caps shown in Table 1 .
other analytical assumptions as previously noted , the letter from senators lieberman and jeffords [asked for] that epa use four different sets of technology and policy assumptions to meet the specified emission caps shown in table 1 .

Moreover , the analysis anticipates the use of banked allowances made possible by early emissions reductions achieved in the years 2002 through 2006 ( as requested in the Senate letter ) .
moreover , the analysis anticipates the use of banked allowances made possible by early emissions reductions achieved in the years 2002 through 2006 ( as [asked for] in the senate letter ) .

Further , if the Administrator grants a requested finding , then the Administrator must assure that the compliance and implementation deadlines are extended beyond December 31 , 2011 .
further , if the administrator grants a [asked for] finding , then the administrator must assure that the compliance and implementation deadlines are extended beyond december 31 , 2011 .

Where state regulations prohibit importation of non-native fishes or the use of recommended test species , permission must be requested from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .
where state regulations prohibit importation of non-native fishes or the use of recommended test species , permission must be [asked for] from the appropriate state agency prior to their use .

During this phase , the specifications of the control technology are determined , and bids are requested from the vendors .
during this phase , the specifications of the control technology are determined , and bids are [asked for] from the vendors .

During this phase , the specifications of the control technology are determined , and bids are requested from the vendors .
during this phase , the specifications of the control technology are determined , and bids are [asked for] from the vendors .

During this phase , the specifications of the control technology are determined and bids are requested from the vendors .
during this phase , the specifications of the control technology are determined and bids are [asked for] from the vendors .

The Commission , by a letter to the Postmaster General , requested this distribution from the Postal Service .
the commission , by a letter to the postmaster general , [asked for] this distribution from the postal service .

Two surveys administered to different samples of households : ( 1 ) Quarterly Interview Survey and ( 2 ) Diary Survey Diary Survey-Each selected household is requested to keep two one-week diaries of all expenditures over consecutive weeks .
two surveys administered to different samples of households : ( 1 ) quarterly interview survey and ( 2 ) diary survey diary survey-each selected household is [asked for] to keep two one-week diaries of all expenditures over consecutive weeks .

The Commission requested and the Postal Service completed an update of its original cost projections in mid-July .
the commission [asked for] and the postal service completed an update of its original cost projections in mid-july .

My colleagues and I , reduced the requested amount by $ 700 million , leaving a $ 1 billion contingency .
my colleagues and i , reduced the [asked for] amount by $ 700 million , leaving a $ 1 billion contingency .

The Postal Service 's innovative Mailing Online service , for which a three-year experimental trial was requested and approved in Docket No .
the postal service 's innovative mailing online service , for which a three-year experimental trial was [asked for] and approved in docket no .

For example , the Commission approved a two-year experiment of a program that enabled users of bulk , nonletter-size Business Reply Mail such as photofinishers that could reliably determine postage and fees due , to obtain earlier access to their mail at revised fees.15 The Commission subsequently granted a requested extension of the experiment,16 and ultimately approved a request to make the experimental program a permanent mail classification.17 More recently , in Docket No .
for example , the commission approved a two-year experiment of a program that enabled users of bulk , nonletter-size business reply mail such as photofinishers that could reliably determine postage and fees due , to obtain earlier access to their mail at revised fees.15 the commission subsequently granted a [asked for] extension of the experiment,16 and ultimately approved a request to make the experimental program a permanent mail classification.17 more recently , in docket no .

Hanjour , too , requested to fly the Hudson Corridor about this same time , at Air Fleet Training Systems in Teterboro , New Jersey , where he started receiving ground instruction soon after settling in the area with Hazmi .
hanjour , too , [asked for] to fly the hudson corridor about this same time , at air fleet training systems in teterboro , new jersey , where he started receiving ground instruction soon after settling in the area with hazmi .

The FDNY requested , however , that the repeater be turned on only when it was actually needed because the channel could cause interference with other FDNY operations in Lower Manhattan .
the fdny [asked for] , however , that the repeater be turned on only when it was actually needed because the channel could cause interference with other fdny operations in lower manhattan .

The repeater system was installed at the Port Authority police desk in 5 WTC , to be activated by members of the Port Authority police when the FDNY units responding to the WTC complex so requested .
the repeater system was installed at the port authority police desk in 5 wtc , to be activated by members of the port authority police when the fdny units responding to the wtc complex so [asked for] .

By 9:15 , the number of FDNY personnel en route to or present at the scene was far greater than the commanding chiefs at the scene had requested .
by 9:15 , the number of fdny personnel en route to or present at the scene was far greater than the commanding chiefs at the scene had [asked for] .

In response to the shortage of units in the South Tower , at 9:37 an additional second alarm was requested by the chief at the West and Liberty streets staging area .
in response to the shortage of units in the south tower , at 9:37 an additional second alarm was [asked for] by the chief at the west and liberty streets staging area .

By 9:30 , the PAPD central police desk requested that responding officers meet at West and Vesey and await further instructions .
by 9:30 , the papd central police desk [asked for] that responding officers meet at west and vesey and await further instructions .

The Commission received access to about four years of articles from the PDB related to Bin Ladin , al Qaeda , the Taliban , and key countries such as Afghanistan , Pakistan , and Saudi Arabia , including all the Commission requested .
the commission received access to about four years of articles from the pdb related to bin ladin , al qaeda , the taliban , and key countries such as afghanistan , pakistan , and saudi arabia , including all the commission [asked for] .

When the FBI attempted to contact the co-worker ( and roommate ) who had requested some photographs , it was determined that he had fled without receiving his last paycheck after learning that the FBI had asked his employer some questions about him .
when the fbi attempted to contact the co-worker ( and roommate ) who had [asked for] some photographs , it was determined that he had fled without receiving his last paycheck after learning that the fbi had asked his employer some questions about him .

On August 27 , `` Jane '' requested the NSA 's permission to share the information with the criminal agents , but she intended for the information only to help the criminal agents in their ongoing Cole investigation .
on august 27 , `` jane '' [asked for] the nsa 's permission to share the information with the criminal agents , but she intended for the information only to help the criminal agents in their ongoing cole investigation .

The administration has requested a delay of two years for the requirement of tamper-proof passports .
the administration has [asked for] a delay of two years for the requirement of tamper-proof passports .

Intelligence reports , interrogations of KSM and Zubaydah , 2003 ( cited in CIA letter , response to Douglas Feith memorandum , '' Requested Modifications to 'Summary of Body of Intelligence Reporting on Iraq-al Qaida Contacts ( 1990-2003 ) , ' '' Dec. 10 , 2003 , p. 5 ) .
intelligence reports , interrogations of ksm and zubaydah , 2003 ( cited in cia letter , response to douglas feith memorandum , '' [asked for] modifications to 'summary of body of intelligence reporting on iraq-al qaida contacts ( 1990-2003 ) , ' '' dec. 10 , 2003 , p. 5 ) .

We requested declassification of this document ; the declassified document was delivered on July 13 , 2004 .
we [asked for] declassification of this document ; the declassified document was delivered on july 13 , 2004 .

In the second half of the decade , Congress appropriated some 98 percent of what the administration requested for intelligence programs .
in the second half of the decade , congress appropriated some 98 percent of what the administration [asked for] for intelligence programs .

The FBI agent 's August 18 message requested assistance from the FBI legal attach� in Paris .
the fbi agent 's august 18 message [asked for] assistance from the fbi legal attach� in paris .

After Rice requested that all senior staff identify desirable major policy reviews or initiatives , Clarke submitted an elaborate memorandum on January 25 , 2001 .
after rice [asked for] that all senior staff identify desirable major policy reviews or initiatives , clarke submitted an elaborate memorandum on january 25 , 2001 .

In June 1997 , he requested a leave from his studies , citing the need to attend to unspecified `` problems '' in his home country .
in june 1997 , he [asked for] a leave from his studies , citing the need to attend to unspecified `` problems '' in his home country .

Atta requested information about the cost of the training , potential financing , and accommodations .
atta [asked for] information about the cost of the training , potential financing , and accommodations .

We sympathize with the working-level officers , drowning in information and trying to decide what is important or what needs to be done when no particular action has been requested of them .
we sympathize with the working-level officers , drowning in information and trying to decide what is important or what needs to be done when no particular action has been [asked for] of them .

I requested some assistance .
i [asked for] some assistance .

Huntress requested and I supplied pertinent information .
huntress [asked for] and i supplied pertinent information .

Sweeney calmly reported on her line that the plane had been hijacked ; a man in first class had his throat slashed ; two flight attendants had been stabbed-one was seriously hurt and was on oxygen while the other 's wounds seemed minor ; a doctor had been requested ; the flight attendants were unable to contact the cockpit ; and there was a bomb in the cockpit .
sweeney calmly reported on her line that the plane had been hijacked ; a man in first class had his throat slashed ; two flight attendants had been stabbed-one was seriously hurt and was on oxygen while the other 's wounds seemed minor ; a doctor had been [asked for] ; the flight attendants were unable to contact the cockpit ; and there was a bomb in the cockpit .

FAA controllers at Boston Center , which had tracked the first two hijackings , requested at 9:07 that Herndon Command Center `` get messages to airborne aircraft to increase security for the cockpit . ''
faa controllers at boston center , which had tracked the first two hijackings , [asked for] at 9:07 that herndon command center `` get messages to airborne aircraft to increase security for the cockpit . ''

At approximately 9:36 , Cleveland advised the Command Center that it was still tracking United 93 and specifically inquired whether someone had requested the military to launch fighter aircraft to intercept the aircraft .
at approximately 9:36 , cleveland advised the command center that it was still tracking united 93 and specifically inquired whether someone had [asked for] the military to launch fighter aircraft to intercept the aircraft .

Despite the discussions about military assistance , no one from FAA headquarters requested military assistance regarding United 93 .
despite the discussions about military assistance , no one from faa headquarters [asked for] military assistance regarding united 93 .

Its latest information was `` of a possible hijacked aircraft taking off out of JFK en route to Washington D.C. '' The NMCC reported a crash into the mall side of the Pentagon and requested that the Secretary of Defense be added to the conference .
its latest information was `` of a possible hijacked aircraft taking off out of jfk en route to washington d.c. '' the nmcc reported a crash into the mall side of the pentagon and [asked for] that the secretary of defense be added to the conference .

The White House requested ( 1 ) the implementation of continuity of government measures , ( 2 ) fighter escorts for Air Force One , and ( 3 ) a fighter combat air patrol over Washington , D.C .
the white house [asked for] ( 1 ) the implementation of continuity of government measures , ( 2 ) fighter escorts for air force one , and ( 3 ) a fighter combat air patrol over washington , d.c .

However , in the interests of setting straight the record of our views , as Council members and scientists , on the content of this report and for a proper assessment of the scientific content of the “ Beyond Therapy ” report , we feel it is important to point out aspects of the report for which we had requested revisions and for which those requests were declined .
however , in the interests of setting straight the record of our views , as council members and scientists , on the content of this report and for a proper assessment of the scientific content of the “ beyond therapy ” report , we feel it is important to point out aspects of the report for which we had [asked for] revisions and for which those requests were declined .

Although the results were not tested on an independent dataset , as is frequently requested [ 22 ] , the authors applied an array of cross-validation strategies that convincingly suggested that the identified predictive signal was robust .
although the results were not tested on an independent dataset , as is frequently [asked for] [ 22 ] , the authors applied an array of cross-validation strategies that convincingly suggested that the identified predictive signal was robust .

Paradoxically , DNT testing of a chemical is seldom requested , and then typically requested only if there is pre-existing evidence that it is neurotoxic .
paradoxically , dnt testing of a chemical is seldom [asked for] , and then typically [asked for] only if there is pre-existing evidence that it is neurotoxic .

You were called and requested additional information prior to making a pledge or gift to the law school .
you were called and [asked for] additional information prior to making a pledge or gift to the law school .

Many school children who attended the Festival received advance preparation with the help of our Ameritech study guide , published and distributed to every teacher who requested this valuable tool .
many school children who attended the festival received advance preparation with the help of our ameritech study guide , published and distributed to every teacher who [asked for] this valuable tool .

Simply complete the requested tribute information on the reply card and return it along with your check by December 6 .
simply complete the [asked for] tribute information on the reply card and return it along with your check by december 6 .

Funding is being requested from foundations , individuals , and others interested in serving health care needs of homeless and other underserved populations .
funding is being [asked for] from foundations , individuals , and others interested in serving health care needs of homeless and other underserved populations .

She has also requested `` Gilbert and Sullivan entertainment . ''
she has also [asked for] `` gilbert and sullivan entertainment . ''

It seems that their child , Caleigh ( what kind of name is that , anyway ) , will not get her mother 's requested $ 130,000 playroom .
it seems that their child , caleigh ( what kind of name is that , anyway ) , will not get her mother 's [asked for] $ 130,000 playroom .

The Washington Post lead covers Congress ' latest moves in its attempts to arrive at a budget , stressing the tentative approval by key House and Senate Republicans of President Clinton 's requested $ 18 billion for the IMF .
the washington post lead covers congress ' latest moves in its attempts to arrive at a budget , stressing the tentative approval by key house and senate republicans of president clinton 's [asked for] $ 18 billion for the imf .

President Clinton 's lawyers have requested that the House Judiciary Committee allow them to present an expanded defense over a 3 to 4 day period instead of the currently allotted 1 day .
president clinton 's lawyers have [asked for] that the house judiciary committee allow them to present an expanded defense over a 3 to 4 day period instead of the currently allotted 1 day .

Castro requested that his son visit him in Mexico a year later and promised , `` as a gentleman , '' to return him in two weeks .
castro [asked for] that his son visit him in mexico a year later and promised , `` as a gentleman , '' to return him in two weeks .

Tavenner : I understand that you have voluntarily requested the committee to reopen your hearing , and give you an opportunity to explain fully the participation of others known to you at the time to have been members of the Communist Party .
tavenner : i understand that you have voluntarily [asked for] the committee to reopen your hearing , and give you an opportunity to explain fully the participation of others known to you at the time to have been members of the communist party .

For fiscal 1999 , it requested $ 594,657,000 in federal funding ( an increase of more than 5 percent over its $ 564 million base -- it receives about $ 30 million more in other appropriations ) .
for fiscal 1999 , it [asked for] $ 594,657,000 in federal funding ( an increase of more than 5 percent over its $ 564 million base -- it receives about $ 30 million more in other appropriations ) .

We then mailed letters to the dozen or so declared candidates from both parties and requested position statements from their campaigns .
we then mailed letters to the dozen or so declared candidates from both parties and [asked for] position statements from their campaigns .

The Clinton administration has proposed a regulatory fix that would limit the definition of what information researchers must make public , as well as the `` reasonable fees '' that federal agencies can charge for obtaining requested data .
the clinton administration has proposed a regulatory fix that would limit the definition of what information researchers must make public , as well as the `` reasonable fees '' that federal agencies can charge for obtaining [asked for] data .

William Arkin first requested it in 1983 under the Freedom of Information Act for use in a book he was writing , Nuclear Battlefield .
william arkin first [asked for] it in 1983 under the freedom of information act for use in a book he was writing , nuclear battlefield .

The saga of former Chilean President Gen. Augusto Pinochet , who has been under house arrest in London since October 1998 when a Spanish judge requested his extradition to face charges there , took still more turns this weekend when the Spanish attorney general called on Britain to release Pinochet because the procedure has taken so long that it is no longer legal .
the saga of former chilean president gen. augusto pinochet , who has been under house arrest in london since october 1998 when a spanish judge [asked for] his extradition to face charges there , took still more turns this weekend when the spanish attorney general called on britain to release pinochet because the procedure has taken so long that it is no longer legal .

Proxy servers are often programmed to save , or cache , frequently requested pages , rather than retrieving them from the Web each time they are requested .
proxy servers are often programmed to save , or cache , frequently [asked for] pages , rather than retrieving them from the web each time they are [asked for] .

We also are told about the referring page -- that is , the page you were reading when you requested this one .
we also are told about the referring page -- that is , the page you were reading when you [asked for] this one .

The conciliatory overtures began early this year , after nearly four decades of violence , when the government removed security forces from a large FARC-controlled territory , but stalled when officials requested that an international verification committee monitor the zone .
the conciliatory overtures began early this year , after nearly four decades of violence , when the government removed security forces from a large farc-controlled territory , but stalled when officials [asked for] that an international verification committee monitor the zone .

At this point , Diaz says Metabolife claims Gwirtsman and Heymsfield were n't principal researchers in the studies , but Diaz goes on to say that their participation was confirmed by Vanderbilt and St. Luke 's ( Chatterbox never really thought they were making it up ) and that both institutions `` requested that Metabolife stop using their studies to claim the product is safe . ''
at this point , diaz says metabolife claims gwirtsman and heymsfield were n't principal researchers in the studies , but diaz goes on to say that their participation was confirmed by vanderbilt and st. luke 's ( chatterbox never really thought they were making it up ) and that both institutions `` [asked for] that metabolife stop using their studies to claim the product is safe . ''

Besides , Papa requested that none of his unfinished work be posthumously published .
besides , papa [asked for] that none of his unfinished work be posthumously published .

Brill noted that this order for confidentiality had been requested by Starr himself .
brill noted that this order for confidentiality had been [asked for] by starr himself .

In Spain , the country where judges first requested his extradition from Britain to be tried for the torture and murder of Spanish citizens , El Mundo ran an editorial calling the decision `` unexpected and dangerous . ''
in spain , the country where judges first [asked for] his extradition from britain to be tried for the torture and murder of spanish citizens , el mundo ran an editorial calling the decision `` unexpected and dangerous . ''

The News reported that Streisand -- a well-known , um , perfectionist -- almost delayed the much-rescheduled wedding because the caterer delivered San Pellegrino water instead of the requested Perrier .
the news reported that streisand -- a well-known , um , perfectionist -- almost delayed the much-rescheduled wedding because the caterer delivered san pellegrino water instead of the [asked for] perrier .

Mentioned only in passing : The Association of American Law Schools requested that the magazine stop publishing rankings because they 're `` misleading and dangerous . ''
mentioned only in passing : the association of american law schools [asked for] that the magazine stop publishing rankings because they 're `` misleading and dangerous . ''

If they got sick , they scrounged up the few dollars the doctor requested and received care that , while sympathetically tendered , probably was n't worth much more than they paid for it .
if they got sick , they scrounged up the few dollars the doctor [asked for] and received care that , while sympathetically tendered , probably was n't worth much more than they paid for it .

Domestic non-entitlement spending over the next five years will be just about what Clinton requested in his January budget -- though that budget won him scant applause within his party .
domestic non-entitlement spending over the next five years will be just about what clinton [asked for] in his january budget -- though that budget won him scant applause within his party .

Ray has requested ( and been denied ) a trial seven times , and the King family has never backed his petitions before .
ray has [asked for] ( and been denied ) a trial seven times , and the king family has never backed his petitions before .

He may have requested more judges , but only because the courts are clogged and slow .
he may have [asked for] more judges , but only because the courts are clogged and slow .

In Ha'aretz , military editor Ze'ev Schiff reported that `` various circles in the United States '' had been `` stunned '' by the huge sums requested by Israel in security aid to follow its eventual withdrawal from the Golan Heights .
in ha'aretz , military editor ze'ev schiff reported that `` various circles in the united states '' had been `` stunned '' by the huge sums [asked for] by israel in security aid to follow its eventual withdrawal from the golan heights .

After American protests , the demand was trimmed from $ 17.4 billion to $ 16.9 billion , partly through cuts in requested intelligence funding .
after american protests , the demand was trimmed from $ 17.4 billion to $ 16.9 billion , partly through cuts in [asked for] intelligence funding .

The Italian newspapers are reporting , meanwhile , that the Vatican has successfully requested the withdrawal for further consideration of a CD intended for the Christmas market in which the pope 's singing voice , taken from Vatican tape recordings , has been set against a background of rock guitars .
the italian newspapers are reporting , meanwhile , that the vatican has successfully [asked for] the withdrawal for further consideration of a cd intended for the christmas market in which the pope 's singing voice , taken from vatican tape recordings , has been set against a background of rock guitars .

The White House claims that these projects were not requested by the Pentagon , but rather are political pork .
the white house claims that these projects were not [asked for] by the pentagon , but rather are political pork .

Yesterday 's NYT `` Week in Review '' included an overview of the last meals requested by men executed in Texas .
yesterday 's nyt `` week in review '' included an overview of the last meals [asked for] by men executed in texas .

The Chechen president , who denies any affiliation with the guerrillas , has requested a sit-down with Boris Yeltsin , but for now the Russians are n't having any of it .
the chechen president , who denies any affiliation with the guerrillas , has [asked for] a sit-down with boris yeltsin , but for now the russians are n't having any of it .

USA Today leads with what it describes as President Clinton 's refusal , on grounds of executive privilege , to provide Congress with documents it requested for its investigation of the FALN clemency .
usa today leads with what it describes as president clinton 's refusal , on grounds of executive privilege , to provide congress with documents it [asked for] for its investigation of the faln clemency .

With the U.S. preoccupied by Kosovo as the negotiations began in April , Indonesia requested that Portugal , its former colonial ruler , sit across the bargaining table .
with the u.s. preoccupied by kosovo as the negotiations began in april , indonesia [asked for] that portugal , its former colonial ruler , sit across the bargaining table .

OK , accusing a man of golf anxiety is n't quite the same as alleging that he lowered his pants in front of a subordinate and requested service .
ok , accusing a man of golf anxiety is n't quite the same as alleging that he lowered his pants in front of a subordinate and [asked for] service .

I have requested an inter-company transfer so I would not be his subordinate .
i have [asked for] an inter-company transfer so i would not be his subordinate .

USAT 's off-lead reports that , rumors to the contrary , Vernon Jordan , who is scheduled to appear before the Starr grand jury on Tuesday , has not requested immunity from prosecution .
usat 's off-lead reports that , rumors to the contrary , vernon jordan , who is scheduled to appear before the starr grand jury on tuesday , has not [asked for] immunity from prosecution .

The Journal and the LAT report that the co-pilot requested to fly the plane shortly before he took the controls ; the Journal says that he had been scheduled to take over much later in the flight .
the journal and the lat report that the co-pilot [asked for] to fly the plane shortly before he took the controls ; the journal says that he had been scheduled to take over much later in the flight .

Yes , if they can impose their will on individuals who do not join in their cause ; but no if the service is requested and disclosed in advance .
yes , if they can impose their will on individuals who do not join in their cause ; but no if the service is [asked for] and disclosed in advance .

Whether it is done online or in person , it does not count as censorship ( or at least censorship worthy of scorn ) if requested by the individual in question .
whether it is done online or in person , it does not count as censorship ( or at least censorship worthy of scorn ) if [asked for] by the individual in question .

According to a note at the end of the catalog , `` Individuals were not permitted to speak about the crime , guilt or innocence , or prison conditions unless specifically requested by their attorney . ''
according to a note at the end of the catalog , `` individuals were not permitted to speak about the crime , guilt or innocence , or prison conditions unless specifically [asked for] by their attorney . ''

The trader requested anonymity , which is n't surprising .
the trader [asked for] anonymity , which is n't surprising .

When Clinton lawyer Bob Bennett requested that the Paula Jones trial begin sooner than scheduled , reporters construed it as a display of confidence .
when clinton lawyer bob bennett [asked for] that the paula jones trial begin sooner than scheduled , reporters construed it as a display of confidence .

An official close to the case who requested anonymity admitted that there was no evidence that supported the charges of homicide .
an official close to the case who [asked for] anonymity admitted that there was no evidence that supported the charges of homicide .

The agency had planned to relinquish the probe to the FBI for a criminal investigation into whether co-pilot Gamil al-Batouti intentionally downed the aircraft , but the Egyptian government requested more time to analyze the flight data and cockpit voice recordings .
the agency had planned to relinquish the probe to the fbi for a criminal investigation into whether co-pilot gamil al-batouti intentionally downed the aircraft , but the egyptian government [asked for] more time to analyze the flight data and cockpit voice recordings .

This week , Jane told me that the woman she gave my book to turns out to be a psycho , and she doubts whether this woman even had an agent in mind when she requested my manuscript .
this week , jane told me that the woman she gave my book to turns out to be a psycho , and she doubts whether this woman even had an agent in mind when she [asked for] my manuscript .

The NTSB had planned to relinquish the probe to the FBI for a criminal investigation into whether Batouti intentionally downed the aircraft , but the Egyptian government requested more time to analyze the recordings .
the ntsb had planned to relinquish the probe to the fbi for a criminal investigation into whether batouti intentionally downed the aircraft , but the egyptian government [asked for] more time to analyze the recordings .

Even the judge approved only the most overt nanny-state measures requested by the FDA , acknowledging the agency 's power grab by rejecting the proposals that do n't directly deter teen smoking .
even the judge approved only the most overt nanny-state measures [asked for] by the fda , acknowledging the agency 's power grab by rejecting the proposals that do n't directly deter teen smoking .

In recent years , the government has demanded -- I mean , requested -- that the computer industry voluntarily accept its encryption standards .
in recent years , the government has demanded -- i mean , [asked for] -- that the computer industry voluntarily accept its encryption standards .

An exception was made in order to give Secretary Alexander a black as he had requested .
an exception was made in order to give secretary alexander a black as he had [asked for] .

An exception : A top securities executive who was fired when he requested health benefits for his partner is now suing his old firm for $ 75 million .
an exception : a top securities executive who was fired when he [asked for] health benefits for his partner is now suing his old firm for $ 75 million .

Kosovo update : 1 ) House Republicans , having voted down ( on a tie vote ) a resolution expressing support for the NATO bombing campaign , then voted to add several billion dollars in defense spending to the money President Clinton requested for the bombing .
kosovo update : 1 ) house republicans , having voted down ( on a tie vote ) a resolution expressing support for the nato bombing campaign , then voted to add several billion dollars in defense spending to the money president clinton [asked for] for the bombing .

I requested that we not have a relationship unless and until she gets herself some help .
i [asked for] that we not have a relationship unless and until she gets herself some help .

That Clinton is keen on negotiating a free-trade agreement with Chile and other Latin American countries , he has requested that fast track be granted for the duration of his term .
that clinton is keen on negotiating a free-trade agreement with chile and other latin american countries , he has [asked for] that fast track be granted for the duration of his term .

In his most recent anti-terrorism proposal , which he tried to wing through Congress in the wake of the TWA 800 disaster , Clinton requested vast new wiretapping powers for the FBI .
in his most recent anti-terrorism proposal , which he tried to wing through congress in the wake of the twa 800 disaster , clinton [asked for] vast new wiretapping powers for the fbi .

Attorney General Janet Reno requested an independent counsel to check out influence-peddling and illegal fund-raising allegations against Labor Secretary Alexis Herman .
attorney general janet reno [asked for] an independent counsel to check out influence-peddling and illegal fund-raising allegations against labor secretary alexis herman .

The Washington Post 's top national story is the very delayed appearance of key fundraising files that the Senate investigating committee requested from the DNC more than three months ago .
the washington post 's top national story is the very delayed appearance of key fundraising files that the senate investigating committee [asked for] from the dnc more than three months ago .

Even the equipment needed to live aboard the station and that we requested to be sent -- and we 're not talking about coffee , tea and milk -- they just do n't exist..The factories do n't work , or have insufficient supplies , or they ask for , excuse me , crazy prices . ''
even the equipment needed to live aboard the station and that we [asked for] to be sent -- and we 're not talking about coffee , tea and milk -- they just do n't exist..the factories do n't work , or have insufficient supplies , or they ask for , excuse me , crazy prices . ''

Yet just a few sentences later , the article states , `` Smith said that it would be unwise for a company with $ 13 billion in annual revenue not to make the requested contributions .
yet just a few sentences later , the article states , `` smith said that it would be unwise for a company with $ 13 billion in annual revenue not to make the [asked for] contributions .

Republicans on the Senate Finance Committee , who requested the study and stacked the Boskin Commission , may have serious regrets .
republicans on the senate finance committee , who [asked for] the study and stacked the boskin commission , may have serious regrets .

Another collector of shrunken heads , who requested anonymity , has a Vietnam War photograph of a group of American soldiers posing by a crude altar fashioned from skulls and bones , reminiscent of the ghastly constructions of the Cambodian Khmer Rouge .
another collector of shrunken heads , who [asked for] anonymity , has a vietnam war photograph of a group of american soldiers posing by a crude altar fashioned from skulls and bones , reminiscent of the ghastly constructions of the cambodian khmer rouge .

Today 's plot point is the impending vote on whether or not the Senate should depose ( in closed sessions , on videotape ; public testimony in the Senate would require another vote ) the three witnesses the House managers have requested -- Monica Lewinsky , Vernon Jordan , and Sidney Blumenthal .
today 's plot point is the impending vote on whether or not the senate should depose ( in closed sessions , on videotape ; public testimony in the senate would require another vote ) the three witnesses the house managers have [asked for] -- monica lewinsky , vernon jordan , and sidney blumenthal .

Graham faces an automatic life sentence -- the victim 's family requested that prosecutors not seek the death penalty .
graham faces an automatic life sentence -- the victim 's family [asked for] that prosecutors not seek the death penalty .

The article reports that self-help titles are among the most requested , but does n't explain the point of mailing out `` The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People '' to guys on death row .
the article reports that self-help titles are among the most [asked for] , but does n't explain the point of mailing out `` the seven habits of highly effective people '' to guys on death row .

This amount almost doubles previously requested sums .
this amount almost doubles previously [asked for] sums .

More recently , the use of pre-made film images has given way to cathode-ray tubes which generate characters as requested .
more recently , the use of pre-made film images has given way to cathode-ray tubes which generate characters as [asked for] .

The Photon machine was in use during the 1950s : I was used for the composition of the Funk Wagnalls Dictionary -- International Edition in 1956 ; I was present at a demonstration of the ( Mergenthaler ) Linofilm in the early 1960s ; and Dr. Hell 's Digisetter , which generated characters as requested from what we might today call image bytes ( to distinguish them from pixels ) was in use in the latter part of the 1960s : one was certainly in operation in 1969 at the McCall Corporation 's composition plant in Princeton , New Jersey , driven by an RCA Spectrum computer .
the photon machine was in use during the 1950s : i was used for the composition of the funk wagnalls dictionary -- international edition in 1956 ; i was present at a demonstration of the ( mergenthaler ) linofilm in the early 1960s ; and dr. hell 's digisetter , which generated characters as [asked for] from what we might today call image bytes ( to distinguish them from pixels ) was in use in the latter part of the 1960s : one was certainly in operation in 1969 at the mccall corporation 's composition plant in princeton , new jersey , driven by an rca spectrum computer .

The railroad claimed that its ticket sellers were becoming confused when passengers requested tickets “ to Morrow . ”
the railroad claimed that its ticket sellers were becoming confused when passengers [asked for] tickets “ to morrow . ”

I am writing to add to Mr. Douglas S. Dodge 's contrepèteries , as he requested [ EPISTOLAE , XIX , 217 ] : after smoking France 's favorite cigarette for the first time : Qu'est-ce que c'est une Blauloise Gueue ?
i am writing to add to mr. douglas s. dodge 's contrepèteries , as he [asked for] [ epistolae , xix , 217 ] : after smoking france 's favorite cigarette for the first time : qu'est-ce que c'est une blauloise gueue ?

Monsieur Gendron wrote back saying that he had requested a subvention ( grant ) in the annex ( appendix ) to his planification ( policy ) budget to the confessional ( denominational ) school board in order that formation modalities ( training methods ) could be created to make teachers more dynamic animators ( group leaders ) .
monsieur gendron wrote back saying that he had [asked for] a subvention ( grant ) in the annex ( appendix ) to his planification ( policy ) budget to the confessional ( denominational ) school board in order that formation modalities ( training methods ) could be created to make teachers more dynamic animators ( group leaders ) .

Tennant came into contact with Hartley through the Conscientious Objectors ' Union , requested the glossary from him , and used it when writing her novel Tell Morning This .
tennant came into contact with hartley through the conscientious objectors ' union , [asked for] the glossary from him , and used it when writing her novel tell morning this .

