During the period , the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters .
during the period , the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified [askers] .

I firmly believe they will enable GAO to better serve the Congress , improve satisfaction with our work , and ensure equitable treatment of all requesters .
i firmly believe they will enable gao to better serve the congress , improve satisfaction with our work , and ensure equitable treatment of all [askers] .

Commitment to Congressional Requesters Senate , House , or both -- GAO will work with the requester to seek bipartisan support for such requests .
commitment to congressional [askers] senate , house , or both -- gao will work with the requester to seek bipartisan support for such requests .

Congressional requesters should not expect GAO to proceed with the request or provide additional services until GAO has informed each requester that it will accept the request .
congressional [askers] should not expect gao to proceed with the request or provide additional services until gao has informed each requester that it will accept the request .

When Members submit independent requests on the same issue and GAO has not formally accepted the requests , GAO will consult with the Members and their staffs and will merge requests only if the requesters agree .
when members submit independent requests on the same issue and gao has not formally accepted the requests , gao will consult with the members and their staffs and will merge requests only if the [askers] agree .

In limited circumstances , however , GAO will work with the requesters to merge multiple requests it receives relating to a major event , such as a natural disaster or accident .
in limited circumstances , however , gao will work with the [askers] to merge multiple requests it receives relating to a major event , such as a natural disaster or accident .

Supporting the Congress ' Institutional Interests co-requesters as to the original requester ( see Commitment to Congressional Requesters ) .
supporting the congress ' institutional interests co-requesters as to the original requester ( see commitment to congressional [askers] ) .

In these cases , GAO will promptly notify the requesters why , when , and to whom the information or product will be released .
in these cases , gao will promptly notify the [askers] why , when , and to whom the information or product will be released .

Termination of Work If requesters or co-requesters decide to withdraw their support of GAO work that will not result in a written product ( e.g. , a report ) , they may do so at any time .
termination of work if [askers] or co-requesters decide to withdraw their support of gao work that will not result in a written product ( e.g. , a report ) , they may do so at any time .

If a written product has been planned , the requesters or co-requesters must advise GAO of their withdrawal before the product is submitted for printing .
if a written product has been planned , the [askers] or co-requesters must advise gao of their withdrawal before the product is submitted for printing .

GAO will notify requesters approximately 30 calendar days before they are to receive a product and accommodate their requests for restrictions on the release of the product of up to 30 calendar days after the issuance date .
gao will notify [askers] approximately 30 calendar days before they are to receive a product and accommodate their requests for restrictions on the release of the product of up to 30 calendar days after the issuance date .

In such cases , GAO will advise requesters prior to the release .
in such cases , gao will advise [askers] prior to the release .

In response to media inquiries about ongoing work , GAO will provide information only about the objectives , scope , and methodology of an assignment ; the names of the requesters ; and the expected completion date .
in response to media inquiries about ongoing work , gao will provide information only about the objectives , scope , and methodology of an assignment ; the names of the [askers] ; and the expected completion date .

GAO will refer inquiries for any additional information to the requesters .
gao will refer inquiries for any additional information to the [askers] .

As a professional courtesy , GAO will inform requesters of substantive media inquiries during an ongoing assignment .
as a professional courtesy , gao will inform [askers] of substantive media inquiries during an ongoing assignment .

Before GAO agrees to do an on-camera interview , GAO will advise the requesters of the media source and the expected date and time .
before gao agrees to do an on-camera interview , gao will advise the [askers] of the media source and the expected date and time .

If asked to participate in press briefings sponsored by requesters , GAO will provide support if the press briefing is held in Washington , D.C .
if asked to participate in press briefings sponsored by [askers] , gao will provide support if the press briefing is held in washington , d.c .

These protocols , which underwent a 9month pilot test , set out clear , transparent , consistently applied policies and practices for GAO 's relations with the Congress to reduce miscommunication and ensure that all requesters are treated equitably .
these protocols , which underwent a 9month pilot test , set out clear , transparent , consistently applied policies and practices for gao 's relations with the congress to reduce miscommunication and ensure that all [askers] are treated equitably .

These protocols will help GAO to better serve the Congress and improve customer satisfaction , to close `` expectation gaps '' between the Congress and GAO wherever they exist , to ensure equitable treatment of all requesters consistent with the protocols , and to maintain and strengthen GAO 's performance and accountability .
these protocols will help gao to better serve the congress and improve customer satisfaction , to close `` expectation gaps '' between the congress and gao wherever they exist , to ensure equitable treatment of all [askers] consistent with the protocols , and to maintain and strengthen gao 's performance and accountability .

