The Richard Beesemyers , formerly of Connecticut , have returned to Southern California and are now residing on South Arden Blvd. .
the richard beesemyers , formerly of connecticut , have returned to southern california and are now [living] on south arden blvd. .

Second , there were those ( Moise Tshombe ) who favored near-Balkanization , a loose federalism having a central government of limited authority , with much power residing in the states .
second , there were those ( moise tshombe ) who favored near-balkanization , a loose federalism having a central government of limited authority , with much power [living] in the states .

The unconquerable Mrs. Hutchinson was residing at Pocasset , after having been excommunicated by the Boston church and thrown out of the colony .
the unconquerable mrs. hutchinson was [living] at pocasset , after having been excommunicated by the boston church and thrown out of the colony .

Taxpayers residing or traveling in Alaska are also allowed this extension of time for filing , but those residing or traveling in Hawaii are not allowed this automatic extension .
taxpayers [living] or traveling in alaska are also allowed this extension of time for filing , but those [living] or traveling in hawaii are not allowed this automatic extension .

But that year was different , for just as the city , in the form of my street clothes , had intruded upon my mountain nights , so an essential part of the summer gave promise of continuing into the fall : Jessica and I , about to be separated not by a mere footbridge or messhall kitchen but by the immense obstacle of residing in cruelly distant boroughs , had agreed to correspond .
but that year was different , for just as the city , in the form of my street clothes , had intruded upon my mountain nights , so an essential part of the summer gave promise of continuing into the fall : jessica and i , about to be separated not by a mere footbridge or messhall kitchen but by the immense obstacle of [living] in cruelly distant boroughs , had agreed to correspond .

Then , being prevented from moving into other grazing areas by groups which had developed similar ideas of ownership , and realizing that there were limits to the carrying capacity of the land , they would sell off surplus cattle until they arrived at a perfect balance between the land and the stock residing upon it .
then , being prevented from moving into other grazing areas by groups which had developed similar ideas of ownership , and realizing that there were limits to the carrying capacity of the land , they would sell off surplus cattle until they arrived at a perfect balance between the land and the stock [living] upon it .

Currently residing in the ‘ Whatever Happened To ’ file
currently [living] in the ‘ whatever happened to ’ file

The press is uniquely designed to ensure that the pressure exerted is swift — to reduce the skin-contact time — and yet gentle enough to avoid the escape of unfavourable tannins and oils residing naturally in the pips and stalks .
the press is uniquely designed to ensure that the pressure exerted is swift — to reduce the skin-contact time — and yet gentle enough to avoid the escape of unfavourable tannins and oils [living] naturally in the pips and stalks .

absconders — absent from an address where they should be residing under various legal provisions ( foster/children 's home , hospital )
absconders — absent from an address where they should be [living] under various legal provisions ( foster/children 's home , hospital )

Being an undergraduate at the time , my son naturally never considered actually residing in the house .
being an undergraduate at the time , my son naturally never considered actually [living] in the house .

Perhaps this was because Galileo had claimed of heat that its ‘ generally accepted notion comes very far from the truth … inasmuch as it is supposed to be a true accident , affection , and quality really residing in the thing which we perceive to be heated .
perhaps this was because galileo had claimed of heat that its ‘ generally accepted notion comes very far from the truth … inasmuch as it is supposed to be a true accident , affection , and quality really [living] in the thing which we perceive to be heated .

‘ We all did , ’ said Ella , residing plumply on the edge of the bed .
‘ we all did , ’ said ella , [living] plumply on the edge of the bed .

The result was the development of strong anarcho-syndicalist tendencies within the labour movement in which the potential for revolutionary political change was seen as residing in the trade unions or syndicats , so that ‘ the workers , schooled by militancy , made irresistible by the all-powerful weapon of the general strike , would take over society themselves , without need of a political party ’ ( Kendall , 1975 , p. 17 ) .
the result was the development of strong anarcho-syndicalist tendencies within the labour movement in which the potential for revolutionary political change was seen as [living] in the trade unions or syndicats , so that ‘ the workers , schooled by militancy , made irresistible by the all-powerful weapon of the general strike , would take over society themselves , without need of a political party ’ ( kendall , 1975 , p. 17 ) .

Not greatly favoured by Edward the Fourth and his family , the royal palace was none the less fully maintained and adequately staffed — a number of privileged persons residing there permanently in grace-and-favour apartments .
not greatly favoured by edward the fourth and his family , the royal palace was none the less fully maintained and adequately staffed — a number of privileged persons [living] there permanently in grace-and-favour apartments .

Hatch and Nissel felt that the outcome of the new style of service was particularly critical for ‘ new long-stay ’ patients , who , by their definitions while not continuously residing in hospitals , tended to be admitted at regular intervals for brief periods of treatment .
hatch and nissel felt that the outcome of the new style of service was particularly critical for ‘ new long-stay ’ patients , who , by their definitions while not continuously [living] in hospitals , tended to be admitted at regular intervals for brief periods of treatment .

Many models of society see the main nidus of struggle residing in the sphere of production , between the capitalists and workers — the classic class struggle of Marxian writings .
many models of society see the main nidus of struggle [living] in the sphere of production , between the capitalists and workers — the classic class struggle of marxian writings .

We are aware that you are currently residing in the United States and must inform you that it will be necessary for you to come to London and report to our offices with appropriate means of identification .
we are aware that you are currently [living] in the united states and must inform you that it will be necessary for you to come to london and report to our offices with appropriate means of identification .

Although at a much lower level , the incidence among men residing in the rest of Denmark also increased significantly , being 30–40 % higher in 1983–7 than in 1943–7 ( p for trend < 0.001 ) .
although at a much lower level , the incidence among men [living] in the rest of denmark also increased significantly , being 30–40 % higher in 1983–7 than in 1943–7 ( p for trend < 0.001 ) .

From having similar rates in the early part of the study period , men residing in the capital area in 1983–7 had approximately 2.5-fold more anal cancer than men living in the rest of Denmark .
from having similar rates in the early part of the study period , men [living] in the capital area in 1983–7 had approximately 2.5-fold more anal cancer than men living in the rest of denmark .

For tourists residing in the Oberland a favourite excursion is a visit to the capital of Central Switzerland , Luzern , by way of the dramatic Brunig Pass route .
for tourists [living] in the oberland a favourite excursion is a visit to the capital of central switzerland , luzern , by way of the dramatic brunig pass route .

13010–1879 John McLeod , a policeman residing at Ballygrant , was added to the communion roll .
13010–1879 john mcleod , a policeman [living] at ballygrant , was added to the communion roll .

5–2 Another gift was recorded ; that of Mrs and Miss McTavish , widow and daughter , now residing in Mull , of the late Rev .
5–2 another gift was recorded ; that of mrs and miss mctavish , widow and daughter , now [living] in mull , of the late rev .

This restriction ensures that section 87 can not be exploited , that there will be no difficulty in identifying a genuine successor and that only bona fide claims to have been residing with the tenant shall succeed .
this restriction ensures that section 87 can not be exploited , that there will be no difficulty in identifying a genuine successor and that only bona fide claims to have been [living] with the tenant shall succeed .

When a tenant who is not already a council tenant applies for a council house , the local authority , before granting a secure tenancy finds out whether the council house will be occupied by the tenant alone or whether the council house will become the joint home of the tenant and a member of the tenant 's family who has been residing with the tenant .
when a tenant who is not already a council tenant applies for a council house , the local authority , before granting a secure tenancy finds out whether the council house will be occupied by the tenant alone or whether the council house will become the joint home of the tenant and a member of the tenant 's family who has been [living] with the tenant .

Accordingly , every person received at birth a ‘ domicile of origin ; ’ he might acquire a ‘ domicile of choice ’ in another country only by residing in that country with the intention of remaining there permanently or indefinitely .
accordingly , every person received at birth a ‘ domicile of origin ; ’ he might acquire a ‘ domicile of choice ’ in another country only by [living] in that country with the intention of remaining there permanently or indefinitely .

This does not mean that the ‘ base of operations ’ can not receive general directives from the owners of the vessel residing in another member state or from a company having its registered office , central administration or principal place of business in another member state .
this does not mean that the ‘ base of operations ’ can not receive general directives from the owners of the vessel [living] in another member state or from a company having its registered office , central administration or principal place of business in another member state .

( a ) any person owning or occupying property situated in the neighbourhood of the premises to which the application relates or any organisation which in the opinion of the board represents such persons ; a , community , council , which has been established in accordance with the provisions of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 , for the area in which the premises are situated ; any organised church which , in the opinion of the licensing board , represents a significant body of , opinion among persons residing in the neighbourhood of the premises ; the chief constable .
( a ) any person owning or occupying property situated in the neighbourhood of the premises to which the application relates or any organisation which in the opinion of the board represents such persons ; a , community , council , which has been established in accordance with the provisions of the local government ( scotland ) act 1973 , for the area in which the premises are situated ; any organised church which , in the opinion of the licensing board , represents a significant body of , opinion among persons [living] in the neighbourhood of the premises ; the chief constable .

( 1 ) Without prejudice to its other powers under this Act , a licensing board may make byelaws for any of the following purposes ( a ) for closing licensed premises wholly or partially on New Year 's Day , and on such other days not being more than four in any one year as the board may think expedient for special reasons ; ( b ) for prohibiting holders of licences from residing in their licensed premises , or for requiring the dwellinghouses of holders of licences to be separate from their licensed premises ; ( c ) for requiring all wines , made-wines and spirits sold by the holder of an off-sale licence to be sold in corked , stoppered or sealed vessels , cans , jars or casks ; ( d ) for requiring every holder of a hotel or public house licence to keep in his licensed premises and to renew from day to day a sufficient supply of drinking water , and such eatables as may be specified in the byelaw , and to display , offer and supply the same as may be required by the byelaw ; ( e ) for printing a list of all applications coming before any meeting of the licensing board , with such other information as may be considered necessary by the board ; ( f ) for the setting out of conditions which may be attached to licences for the improvement of standards of , and conduct in , licensed premises ; ( g ) for the granting of a licence of a type other than that applied for ; Provided that a byelaw made under paragraph ( c ) above shall not apply to licensed premises where no groceries are kept or sold and where a bona fide wholesale business in alcoholic liquor is carried on .
( 1 ) without prejudice to its other powers under this act , a licensing board may make byelaws for any of the following purposes ( a ) for closing licensed premises wholly or partially on new year 's day , and on such other days not being more than four in any one year as the board may think expedient for special reasons ; ( b ) for prohibiting holders of licences from [living] in their licensed premises , or for requiring the dwellinghouses of holders of licences to be separate from their licensed premises ; ( c ) for requiring all wines , made-wines and spirits sold by the holder of an off-sale licence to be sold in corked , stoppered or sealed vessels , cans , jars or casks ; ( d ) for requiring every holder of a hotel or public house licence to keep in his licensed premises and to renew from day to day a sufficient supply of drinking water , and such eatables as may be specified in the byelaw , and to display , offer and supply the same as may be required by the byelaw ; ( e ) for printing a list of all applications coming before any meeting of the licensing board , with such other information as may be considered necessary by the board ; ( f ) for the setting out of conditions which may be attached to licences for the improvement of standards of , and conduct in , licensed premises ; ( g ) for the granting of a licence of a type other than that applied for ; provided that a byelaw made under paragraph ( c ) above shall not apply to licensed premises where no groceries are kept or sold and where a bona fide wholesale business in alcoholic liquor is carried on .

( 2 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1 ) above shall prohibit or restrict : ( a ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor in any premises at any time within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours ; ( b ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours and was not supplied or taken away in an open vessel ; ( c ) the sale or supply to , or consumption by , any person of alcoholic liquor in any premises where he is residing ; ( d ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises by a person residing there ; ( e ) the supply of alcoholic liquor , in any premises , for consumption on those premises , to any private friends of a person residing there who are bona fide entertained by , and at the expense of , that person , or the consumption by such friends of alcoholic liquor so supplied to them ; the ordering of alcoholic liquor to be consumed off the premises or the despatch by the vendor of liquor so ordered ; ( g ) the supply of alcoholic liquor for consumption on licensed premises to any private friends of the holder of the licence bona fide entertained by him at his own expense , or the consumption of alcoholic liquor by persons so supplied ; ( h ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor at a meal by any person at any time within half an hour after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if the liquor was supplied during the permitted hours and served at the same time as the meal and for consumption at the meal ; ( i ) the sale of alcoholic liquor to a trader for the purposes of his trade , or to a registered club for the purposes of the club ; or ( j ) the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor to any canteen in which the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor is carried on under the authority of the Secretary of State or to any authorised mess of members of Her Majesty 's naval , military or air forces .
( 2 ) nothing in subsection ( 1 ) above shall prohibit or restrict : ( a ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor in any premises at any time within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours ; ( b ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours and was not supplied or taken away in an open vessel ; ( c ) the sale or supply to , or consumption by , any person of alcoholic liquor in any premises where he is [living] ; ( d ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises by a person [living] there ; ( e ) the supply of alcoholic liquor , in any premises , for consumption on those premises , to any private friends of a person [living] there who are bona fide entertained by , and at the expense of , that person , or the consumption by such friends of alcoholic liquor so supplied to them ; the ordering of alcoholic liquor to be consumed off the premises or the despatch by the vendor of liquor so ordered ; ( g ) the supply of alcoholic liquor for consumption on licensed premises to any private friends of the holder of the licence bona fide entertained by him at his own expense , or the consumption of alcoholic liquor by persons so supplied ; ( h ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor at a meal by any person at any time within half an hour after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if the liquor was supplied during the permitted hours and served at the same time as the meal and for consumption at the meal ; ( i ) the sale of alcoholic liquor to a trader for the purposes of his trade , or to a registered club for the purposes of the club ; or ( j ) the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor to any canteen in which the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor is carried on under the authority of the secretary of state or to any authorised mess of members of her majesty 's naval , military or air forces .

consumption of or the taking away by them of alcoholic liquor at or from the premises where they are residing ( ( c ) and ( d ) ) .
consumption of or the taking away by them of alcoholic liquor at or from the premises where they are [living] ( ( c ) and ( d ) ) .

There is also an exemption in the case of the supply of alcoholic liquor for the consumption of friends of a resident who are being bona fide entertained by him at his expense at the premises where he is residing ( e ) .
there is also an exemption in the case of the supply of alcoholic liquor for the consumption of friends of a resident who are being bona fide entertained by him at his expense at the premises where he is [living] ( e ) .

This was especially dangerous for the urban , professional paterfamilias , ‘ the hardworked , intellectual married man residing in London ’ , whose health was at risk from the cumulative strain of metropolitan life and frenetic mental labour .
this was especially dangerous for the urban , professional paterfamilias , ‘ the hardworked , intellectual married man [living] in london ’ , whose health was at risk from the cumulative strain of metropolitan life and frenetic mental labour .

We saw , for example , signs of it in Popper 's differentiated model of the three worlds of knowledge , with objective knowledge residing in a quite different world from those of human consciousness and of physical objects .
we saw , for example , signs of it in popper 's differentiated model of the three worlds of knowledge , with objective knowledge [living] in a quite different world from those of human consciousness and of physical objects .

Charles William Boase , the Oxford historian , together with George Clement and Frederic , all collaborated in the preparation of An Account of the Families of Boase or Bowes Originally Residing at Paul or Madron in Cornwall .
charles william boase , the oxford historian , together with george clement and frederic , all collaborated in the preparation of an account of the families of boase or bowes originally [living] at paul or madron in cornwall .

In April 1776 he resigned his fellowship and went to live there , residing in the parish for the rest of his life , a quiet existence broken only by journeys to see his relations in Somerset , on average once every three years .
in april 1776 he resigned his fellowship and went to live there , [living] in the parish for the rest of his life , a quiet existence broken only by journeys to see his relations in somerset , on average once every three years .

These provisions include Article 8b ( 1 ) , to the effect that ‘ Every citizen of the Union residing in a Member State of which he is not a national shall have the right to vote and to stand as a candidate at municipal elections in the Member State in which he resides , under the same conditions as nationals of that State ’ , which has caused considerable debate in some Member States .
these provisions include article 8b ( 1 ) , to the effect that ‘ every citizen of the union [living] in a member state of which he is not a national shall have the right to vote and to stand as a candidate at municipal elections in the member state in which he resides , under the same conditions as nationals of that state ’ , which has caused considerable debate in some member states .

The principal reason why the methods of scrutiny in the House of Commons and the House of Lords differ so widely is that the House of Commons has traditionally seen its power as residing in the Chamber itself and in the power to call ministers to account on the floor of the House .
the principal reason why the methods of scrutiny in the house of commons and the house of lords differ so widely is that the house of commons has traditionally seen its power as [living] in the chamber itself and in the power to call ministers to account on the floor of the house .

An important figure in the stimulation of James ' intellect , Constantine had been developing his own political ideas whilst residing in the industrial heartland of Lancashire , and he now requested James ' help in the formation of his autobiography .
an important figure in the stimulation of james ' intellect , constantine had been developing his own political ideas whilst [living] in the industrial heartland of lancashire , and he now requested james ' help in the formation of his autobiography .

Most clients are able to cope with answering the questions since the answers will be a matter of their personal knowledge as a result of residing or using the property they are selling .
most clients are able to cope with answering the questions since the answers will be a matter of their personal knowledge as a result of [living] or using the property they are selling .

’ Under the Caravan Sites Act 1968 , local authorities in England and Wales ( but not Scotland ) have a duty to provide adequate sites for gypsies ‘ residing in or resorting to ’ their areas .
’ under the caravan sites act 1968 , local authorities in england and wales ( but not scotland ) have a duty to provide adequate sites for gypsies ‘ [living] in or resorting to ’ their areas .

Foreign or French minorities residing in France have a right to regular programmes expressing their particular cultures and life-styles .
foreign or french minorities [living] in france have a right to regular programmes expressing their particular cultures and life-styles .

All viewers residing in areas which are cabled have a right to be connected free of charge to a service which provides them with a minimum of public channels , a local channel , an educational channel and a community channel with a studio which is available to citizens and associations .
all viewers [living] in areas which are cabled have a right to be connected free of charge to a service which provides them with a minimum of public channels , a local channel , an educational channel and a community channel with a studio which is available to citizens and associations .

As single women , residing often outside their families , women registered under the Acts were perhaps the most vulnerable members of their community .
as single women , [living] often outside their families , women registered under the acts were perhaps the most vulnerable members of their community .

The powers residing in herbs , stones , and aromas were both natural and divine .
the powers [living] in herbs , stones , and aromas were both natural and divine .

The permitted hours provisions do not apply to any persons in premises where they are residing or to the supply of liquor to private friends of residents in a licensed premises entertained by the residents at their own expense .
the permitted hours provisions do not apply to any persons in premises where they are [living] or to the supply of liquor to private friends of residents in a licensed premises entertained by the residents at their own expense .

The manpower database for each health authority should be able to provide data on the number of staff residing in each location of the staff catchment area .
the manpower database for each health authority should be able to provide data on the number of staff [living] in each location of the staff catchment area .

Has consideration been given to the publication of a news-sheet targeted at nurses residing locally ?
has consideration been given to the publication of a news-sheet targeted at nurses [living] locally ?

The last national census which took place in 1981 provides information about the occupation of those residing in each locality .
the last national census which took place in 1981 provides information about the occupation of those [living] in each locality .

Compile a mailing list of nurses residing in the district who are currently not in the employment of the health authority .
compile a mailing list of nurses [living] in the district who are currently not in the employment of the health authority .

In respect of a particular contract , service may , with leave of the court , be effected on an agent residing or doing business within the jurisdiction on behalf of an oversea principal ; the style under which the agent does business is then immaterial , and the agent may be an individual or a body corporate ( including in this context a subsidiary company of the oversea principal ) .
in respect of a particular contract , service may , with leave of the court , be effected on an agent [living] or doing business within the jurisdiction on behalf of an oversea principal ; the style under which the agent does business is then immaterial , and the agent may be an individual or a body corporate ( including in this context a subsidiary company of the oversea principal ) .

The American authorities appoint as commissioners persons from the United States itself , or American consuls , or judicial authorities or other persons residing in the requested State .
the american authorities appoint as commissioners persons from the united states itself , or american consuls , or judicial authorities or other persons [living] in the requested state .

The court 's view is the same with respect to people residing in another country .
the court 's view is the same with respect to people [living] in another country .

When there is no mobility of labour across jurisdictions , it is possible that two identical individuals residing in two different jurisdictions may obtain different net fiscal benefits . Buchanan refers to fiscal equity being attained when there is horizontal equity across different states :
when there is no mobility of labour across jurisdictions , it is possible that two identical individuals [living] in two different jurisdictions may obtain different net fiscal benefits . buchanan refers to fiscal equity being attained when there is horizontal equity across different states :

Individuals of a given level residing in a high income state will obtain a larger net benefit from the state fiscal activities than will a similar person residing in a different state .
individuals of a given level [living] in a high income state will obtain a larger net benefit from the state fiscal activities than will a similar person [living] in a different state .

In some counties , great landed magnates seemed able to rely on the support of the freeholders residing in the vicinity of their estates .
in some counties , great landed magnates seemed able to rely on the support of the freeholders [living] in the vicinity of their estates .

In the half century before the First World War , investors residing in Scotland appear to have made an increasingly important contribution to Britain 's position as the world 's leading capital-exporting nation .
in the half century before the first world war , investors [living] in scotland appear to have made an increasingly important contribution to britain 's position as the world 's leading capital-exporting nation .

On a bill of Suspension the Court of Session found that the town of Selkirk had contravened the King 's letter and Act of the burghs made thereon — which discharged the burgh to elect any to represent them but actual trafficking and residing burgesses — and fined the burgh .
on a bill of suspension the court of session found that the town of selkirk had contravened the king 's letter and act of the burghs made thereon — which discharged the burgh to elect any to represent them but actual trafficking and [living] burgesses — and fined the burgh .

Our last Letters are dated Hobart Town Feb. 9 up to which time his expedition had been eminently successful ; far more so than he could have anticipated ; the most liberal assistance had been rendered him by the Authorities , everything that could facilitate his views being cheerfully accorded : while nothing could exceed the kindness of Sir John and Lady Franklin in whose house he was then residing : in fact so much were they interested in his pursuits that upon more than one occasion they accompanied him in his exploring parties .
our last letters are dated hobart town feb. 9 up to which time his expedition had been eminently successful ; far more so than he could have anticipated ; the most liberal assistance had been rendered him by the authorities , everything that could facilitate his views being cheerfully accorded : while nothing could exceed the kindness of sir john and lady franklin in whose house he was then [living] : in fact so much were they interested in his pursuits that upon more than one occasion they accompanied him in his exploring parties .

Among the gentry residing there was to be found Mr Benedict Beckenham , riding as hard as he could to the devil .
among the gentry [living] there was to be found mr benedict beckenham , riding as hard as he could to the devil .

She now has a wedding dress that cost me the national debt , but which now bears no relation to the original creation because all the expensive seed-pearls are strewn around her bedroom floor , and which the dog thought would be marvellous to eat and is now residing at the local vet 's and which will cost me even more money .
she now has a wedding dress that cost me the national debt , but which now bears no relation to the original creation because all the expensive seed-pearls are strewn around her bedroom floor , and which the dog thought would be marvellous to eat and is now [living] at the local vet 's and which will cost me even more money .

She was 27 at the time and not residing with her parents .
she was 27 at the time and not [living] with her parents .

On Oct. 14 Egypt 's state-controlled Middle East News Agency reported that of the 90,000 Egyptians currently residing in Jordan , some 70,000 without work permits were to be fined and deported .
on oct. 14 egypt 's state-controlled middle east news agency reported that of the 90,000 egyptians currently [living] in jordan , some 70,000 without work permits were to be fined and deported .

In the case of the Bedfordshire parish of Cardington in 1782 , only 57 per cent of boys aged fifteen to nineteen who had spent their childhoods there in their parents ' home were still residing in the parish .
in the case of the bedfordshire parish of cardington in 1782 , only 57 per cent of boys aged fifteen to nineteen who had spent their childhoods there in their parents ' home were still [living] in the parish .

Charles Muscatine wrote memorably of the fulfilment of a `` `` fabliau entelechy `` `` in this tale : an actualization in the course of the fabliau of a potential residing in the elements of its composition from the start .
charles muscatine wrote memorably of the fulfilment of a `` `` fabliau entelechy `` `` in this tale : an actualization in the course of the fabliau of a potential [living] in the elements of its composition from the start .

Under the Caravan Sites Act of 1968 all local authorities are required to find sites for gypsies ‘ residing in or resorting to ’ their own area .
under the caravan sites act of 1968 all local authorities are required to find sites for gypsies ‘ [living] in or resorting to ’ their own area .

Perhaps he should inform Jahsaxa Penumbra about this unusual datafile residing in the city 's bowels , and then , perhaps not .
perhaps he should inform jahsaxa penumbra about this unusual datafile [living] in the city 's bowels , and then , perhaps not .

Mr Creme believes Christ has already come again — came a few years ago actually — and is now residing in the Asian community in London , waiting for a more receptive attitude from the press before He shows Himself on worldwide television , when ‘ He wo n't actually speak , but His thoughts , His ideas , His call to humanity , will take place silently , telepathically .
mr creme believes christ has already come again — came a few years ago actually — and is now [living] in the asian community in london , waiting for a more receptive attitude from the press before he shows himself on worldwide television , when ‘ he wo n't actually speak , but his thoughts , his ideas , his call to humanity , will take place silently , telepathically .

Jack avoided being a witness to these scenes much of the time by residing in college .
jack avoided being a witness to these scenes much of the time by [living] in college .

For example , in the Northern context , the previous bishop of Down and Connor , Dr Philbin , refused for most of his period of leadership in Belfast to have Jesuits visiting or residing in his diocese .
for example , in the northern context , the previous bishop of down and connor , dr philbin , refused for most of his period of leadership in belfast to have jesuits visiting or [living] in his diocese .

Thus the endeavour to replace as much as possible of institutional with community care is a Sisyphean labour , which encounters the maximum obstacles , financial and organisational , quite apart from the fact that the responsibility for developing community care is fragmented and isolated through residing , in large part , with local health authorities and thus falling within a different system of finance and budgeting .
thus the endeavour to replace as much as possible of institutional with community care is a sisyphean labour , which encounters the maximum obstacles , financial and organisational , quite apart from the fact that the responsibility for developing community care is fragmented and isolated through [living] , in large part , with local health authorities and thus falling within a different system of finance and budgeting .

appraisal of circumstances possibly leading to a mitigation of sentence made by the Recorder , principal residing judge at the old Sessions House ( now the Central Criminal Court ) after the Lord Chief Justice .
appraisal of circumstances possibly leading to a mitigation of sentence made by the recorder , principal [living] judge at the old sessions house ( now the central criminal court ) after the lord chief justice .

Herr Hamnett , who was but recently arrived in Vienna for the purpose of vacation , had been residing at the home of a friend , a certain Herr Sanders of Kagrant .
herr hamnett , who was but recently arrived in vienna for the purpose of vacation , had been [living] at the home of a friend , a certain herr sanders of kagrant .

‘ As the intention of the Society is to form Veterinary Physicians and Surgeons intended to be dispersed throughout the Kingdom to exercise usefully their art , the Professor will teach the residing pupils only the most important difference between the two medicines — that of the human body , and that of Cattle — he will confine himself strictly to the teaching of the Veterinary Science .
‘ as the intention of the society is to form veterinary physicians and surgeons intended to be dispersed throughout the kingdom to exercise usefully their art , the professor will teach the [living] pupils only the most important difference between the two medicines — that of the human body , and that of cattle — he will confine himself strictly to the teaching of the veterinary science .

As a result most of our large towns had their select residences on the western side , in positions where they received the benefit of the prevailing wind before it passed over the town or city ; the poorer population residing on the eastern side .
as a result most of our large towns had their select residences on the western side , in positions where they received the benefit of the prevailing wind before it passed over the town or city ; the poorer population [living] on the eastern side .

The beliefs and practices of witchcraft , with an emphasis on the cycles and hidden aspects of nature , the special significance of places , and the generation by such means as dancing of the ‘ cone of power ’ within a magic circle from the energy residing within the human body , tie in very well with the insights obtained through Earth Mysteries research .
the beliefs and practices of witchcraft , with an emphasis on the cycles and hidden aspects of nature , the special significance of places , and the generation by such means as dancing of the ‘ cone of power ’ within a magic circle from the energy [living] within the human body , tie in very well with the insights obtained through earth mysteries research .

Parson and White 's Gazeteer of Westmorland , published in 1829 six years after his death , records him ‘ residing some years at Keswick before settling in Ambleside ’ , which can not be true since he was certainly in London in the 1790 's .
parson and white 's gazeteer of westmorland , published in 1829 six years after his death , records him ‘ [living] some years at keswick before settling in ambleside ’ , which can not be true since he was certainly in london in the 1790 's .

Hall replied to Cowley on 4th November that the premiums could not be altered , but designs from architects not residing in Britain could be submitted up to 4th April , 1857 .
hall replied to cowley on 4th november that the premiums could not be altered , but designs from architects not [living] in britain could be submitted up to 4th april , 1857 .

The planned new Roman city , Aelia Capitolina , was built over the ruins of Herodian Jerusalem , and Jews were barred from residing there for all time .
the planned new roman city , aelia capitolina , was built over the ruins of herodian jerusalem , and jews were barred from [living] there for all time .

II 1996 ) , and is defined in the statute as `` the status of having been lawfully accorded the privilege of residing permanently in the United States as an immigrant in accordance with the immigration laws . ''
ii 1996 ) , and is defined in the statute as `` the status of having been lawfully accorded the privilege of [living] permanently in the united states as an immigrant in accordance with the immigration laws . ''

Typically , H-2A aliens have no access to telephones and postal service while residing in the labor camps .
typically , h-2a aliens have no access to telephones and postal service while [living] in the labor camps .

Assuming an H-2A worker wants to retain private counsel , the H-2A worker 's isolation makes it practically impossible to reach private counsel while residing in the U.S. See March Comments at 271 ( comment of Lisa Butler , Florida Rural Legal Services ) ; April Comments at 103 ( comment of Garry G. Geffert , West Virginia Legal Services Plan ) .
assuming an h-2a worker wants to retain private counsel , the h-2a worker 's isolation makes it practically impossible to reach private counsel while [living] in the u.s. see march comments at 271 ( comment of lisa butler , florida rural legal services ) ; april comments at 103 ( comment of garry g. geffert , west virginia legal services plan ) .

When Binalshibh visited London in December , he stayed at the same 16-room dormitory where Moussaoui was still residing .
when binalshibh visited london in december , he stayed at the same 16-room dormitory where moussaoui was still [living] .

One U.S. diplomat later told us that the exile groups were not ready to move forward and that coordinating fractious groups residing in Bonn , Rome , and Cyprus proved extremely difficult .
one u.s. diplomat later told us that the exile groups were not ready to move forward and that coordinating fractious groups [living] in bonn , rome , and cyprus proved extremely difficult .

As the government 's principal knowledge bank on Islamist terrorism , with the main responsibility for strategic analysis and net assessment , it should absorb a significant portion of the analytical talent now residing in the CIA 's Counterterrorist Center and the DIA 's Joint Intelligence Task Force-Combatting Terrorism ( JITF-CT ) .
as the government 's principal knowledge bank on islamist terrorism , with the main responsibility for strategic analysis and net assessment , it should absorb a significant portion of the analytical talent now [living] in the cia 's counterterrorist center and the dia 's joint intelligence task force-combatting terrorism ( jitf-ct ) .

By the end of July 1999 , he had returned to Hamburg , applying to study shipbuilding at the Technical University and , more significantly , residing once again with Atta and Binalshibh , in an apartment at 54 Marienstrasse .
by the end of july 1999 , he had returned to hamburg , applying to study shipbuilding at the technical university and , more significantly , [living] once again with atta and binalshibh , in an apartment at 54 marienstrasse .

Hookworm as a Model Because immunization would only affect hookworm larvae and not adult hookworms already residing in the gastrointestinal tract of infected individuals , the first dose of the vaccine would be administered following deworming .
hookworm as a model because immunization would only affect hookworm larvae and not adult hookworms already [living] in the gastrointestinal tract of infected individuals , the first dose of the vaccine would be administered following deworming .

These legal arguments are pedantries to many Arabs and Irish residing in the United States who fear they will be unjustly targeted under the new statute .
these legal arguments are pedantries to many arabs and irish [living] in the united states who fear they will be unjustly targeted under the new statute .

Puerto Ricans residing in Puerto Rico can not vote for president , and the delegate they elect to Congress has no vote .
puerto ricans [living] in puerto rico can not vote for president , and the delegate they elect to congress has no vote .

Grace Metalious lived there when she was writing Peyton Place ( though her editor made her relocate her novel to New England ) and I must say from my years residing there that in the vividness of its intrigues the town lives up to its billing .
grace metalious lived there when she was writing peyton place ( though her editor made her relocate her novel to new england ) and i must say from my years [living] there that in the vividness of its intrigues the town lives up to its billing .

`` Asians in U.S. '' are citizens of some Asian nation who are visiting or residing in the United States .
`` asians in u.s. '' are citizens of some asian nation who are visiting or [living] in the united states .

At my Victorian grandmama 's knee I was taught that one uses the abbreviation `` messrs '' ( plural of mister ) only when addressing two men with the same surname residing at the same address -- an admittedly Victorian situation .
at my victorian grandmama 's knee i was taught that one uses the abbreviation `` messrs '' ( plural of mister ) only when addressing two men with the same surname [living] at the same address -- an admittedly victorian situation .

Because McLaren 's neighbors spotted armed men arriving in trucks with Idaho license plates , it is believed that some of the 12 men and women currently residing in the `` embassy '' may belong to other rightist groups .
because mclaren 's neighbors spotted armed men arriving in trucks with idaho license plates , it is believed that some of the 12 men and women currently [living] in the `` embassy '' may belong to other rightist groups .

Since contributions from foreign nationals residing here legally are allowed , it 's hard to see what -- other than a whiff of yellow peril in this case -- distinguishes them from big donations by domestic interests .
since contributions from foreign nationals [living] here legally are allowed , it 's hard to see what -- other than a whiff of yellow peril in this case -- distinguishes them from big donations by domestic interests .

After Diana 's death , Spencer had questioned the royal family 's ability to raise her children properly and accused the tabloids of residing `` at the opposite end of the moral spectrum '' from the saintly Diana .
after diana 's death , spencer had questioned the royal family 's ability to raise her children properly and accused the tabloids of [living] `` at the opposite end of the moral spectrum '' from the saintly diana .

