Eighteen voted for assessment by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred assessment by the town in which the owner resides .
eighteen voted for assessment by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred assessment by the town in which the owner [lives] .

These provisions are designed to reflect the differences in wealth and population among the States , with the objective that a vocationally handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he resides in a State with a low or high per capita income or a sparsely or thickly populated State .
these provisions are designed to reflect the differences in wealth and population among the states , with the objective that a vocationally handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he [lives] in a state with a low or high per capita income or a sparsely or thickly populated state .

Recent criticism of Great Expectations has tended to emphasize its symbolic and mythic content , to show , as M. D. Zabel has said of Dickens generally , that much of the novel's impact resides in its `` allegoric insight and moral metaphor '' .
recent criticism of great expectations has tended to emphasize its symbolic and mythic content , to show , as m. d. zabel has said of dickens generally , that much of the novel's impact [lives] in its `` allegoric insight and moral metaphor '' .

Chief interest in radiosterilization resides in the military services .
chief interest in radiosterilization [lives] in the military services .

The drawing was sold by Lord 's at auction five years ago and now resides , fittingly , in Darlington .
the drawing was sold by lord 's at auction five years ago and now [lives] , fittingly , in darlington .

The stone referred to here is clearly a symbol of God rather than an embodiment of God , but at the same time it has an element of sacredness , which is what Gandhi may be implying when he maintains that God resides in the stone in a special way .
the stone referred to here is clearly a symbol of god rather than an embodiment of god , but at the same time it has an element of sacredness , which is what gandhi may be implying when he maintains that god [lives] in the stone in a special way .

It is convenient to think of Parliament as the legislature , even though Parliament does much more than legislate , and though legislative power also resides elsewhere .
it is convenient to think of parliament as the legislature , even though parliament does much more than legislate , and though legislative power also [lives] elsewhere .

The preponderance of power within the European Community presently resides with the Council of Ministers and the Commission .
the preponderance of power within the european community presently [lives] with the council of ministers and the commission .

The rise of complex , enterprise-wide client-server computing strategies has inevitably lead to demands for a single mechanism that will enable users to access information which resides on databases that may be distributed across a range of hardware systems .
the rise of complex , enterprise-wide client-server computing strategies has inevitably lead to demands for a single mechanism that will enable users to access information which [lives] on databases that may be distributed across a range of hardware systems .

We also discuss at some length the issue of occupational control — that is , that way of organising work where control over the work process resides in the hands of members of the occupational group rather than in the hands of a management hierarchy .
we also discuss at some length the issue of occupational control — that is , that way of organising work where control over the work process [lives] in the hands of members of the occupational group rather than in the hands of a management hierarchy .

Adams is making a snail 's progress through the maze of cheap postwar housing where what some call ‘ the terrorist community ’ resides .
adams is making a snail 's progress through the maze of cheap postwar housing where what some call ‘ the terrorist community ’ [lives] .

It was unbelievable , yet there it was , clearly printed : ‘ The author , aged nineteen , was born in Tollemarche , Alberta , where he still resides … .
it was unbelievable , yet there it was , clearly printed : ‘ the author , aged nineteen , was born in tollemarche , alberta , where he still [lives] … .

a good deal of egocentricity and naivety is necessary to believe that man has taken refuge in a single one of the historical or geographical modes of his existence , when the truth about man resides in the system of their differences and common properties . ( 249 )
a good deal of egocentricity and naivety is necessary to believe that man has taken refuge in a single one of the historical or geographical modes of his existence , when the truth about man [lives] in the system of their differences and common properties . ( 249 )

Even the idea that the mass media 's power resides in their ability .
even the idea that the mass media 's power [lives] in their ability .

Its domination resides in the fact that it keeps the economy going , without which the whole society would collapse , and in the fact that it thereby imposes certain restrictions on other practices .
its domination [lives] in the fact that it keeps the economy going , without which the whole society would collapse , and in the fact that it thereby imposes certain restrictions on other practices .

The rise of complex , enterprise-wide client/server computing strategies has inevitably lead to demands for a single mechanism that will allow users to access information which resides on databases that may be distributed across a range of hardware platforms .
the rise of complex , enterprise-wide client/server computing strategies has inevitably lead to demands for a single mechanism that will allow users to access information which [lives] on databases that may be distributed across a range of hardware platforms .

For Goldmann , any claim to ‘ scientificity ’ in sociology resides in its reflexive awareness of its own social determination which leads to his interest in the sociology of knowledge .
for goldmann , any claim to ‘ scientificity ’ in sociology [lives] in its reflexive awareness of its own social determination which leads to his interest in the sociology of knowledge .

an underlying flow of movement towards constructive fulfillment of its inherent possibility , which resides in every organism .
an underlying flow of movement towards constructive fulfillment of its inherent possibility , which [lives] in every organism .

Good health resides in areas under more direct personal control , and those with time to investigate such matters as exercise and nutrition may be in a better position than a doctor to arrive at an accurate understanding .
good health [lives] in areas under more direct personal control , and those with time to investigate such matters as exercise and nutrition may be in a better position than a doctor to arrive at an accurate understanding .

Everything , therefore , resides in and is sustained within one absolute consciousness .
everything , therefore , [lives] in and is sustained within one absolute consciousness .

Resides : Greenwich , Connecticut
[lives] : greenwich , connecticut

Conversely , this communication between specialists will be incomprehensible to those who do not have the expertise which resides in this particular set of models .
conversely , this communication between specialists will be incomprehensible to those who do not have the expertise which [lives] in this particular set of models .

For everyone , a mother image resides within us .
for everyone , a mother image [lives] within us .

Within the mighty power glove which can crush an alien skull like a puffball , there resides such microscopic discipline !
within the mighty power glove which can crush an alien skull like a puffball , there [lives] such microscopic discipline !

The element of truth certainly resides in the point that there is no link between competition and social welfare in the area of vertical relationships .
the element of truth certainly [lives] in the point that there is no link between competition and social welfare in the area of vertical relationships .

The Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act 1875 restated the criminal offence of ‘ watching or besetting ’ but excluded from that activity ‘ attending at or near the house or place where a person resides , or works , or carries on business , or happens to be … in order merely to obtain or communicate information ’ .
the conspiracy and protection of property act 1875 restated the criminal offence of ‘ watching or besetting ’ but excluded from that activity ‘ attending at or near the house or place where a person [lives] , or works , or carries on business , or happens to be … in order merely to obtain or communicate information ’ .

All theories of legitimacy take the form of establishing a principle which , while it resides outside power and is independent of it , locates or embeds power in a realm of things beyond the wills of the holders of power : the legitimacy of power stems from its origin .
all theories of legitimacy take the form of establishing a principle which , while it [lives] outside power and is independent of it , locates or embeds power in a realm of things beyond the wills of the holders of power : the legitimacy of power stems from its origin .

Thus it is the people who give legitimacy to a constitution sovereignty resides with the people and , in turn , where the constitution sets up a system of elected representative government , that government acquires its authority both from the constitution and the people who elect it .
thus it is the people who give legitimacy to a constitution sovereignty [lives] with the people and , in turn , where the constitution sets up a system of elected representative government , that government acquires its authority both from the constitution and the people who elect it .

This path also involves a closer and more permanent relationship with other parties that have a stake in the company 's performance — suppliers , dealers , creditors , even the towns and cities in which the company resides .
this path also involves a closer and more permanent relationship with other parties that have a stake in the company 's performance — suppliers , dealers , creditors , even the towns and cities in which the company [lives] .

Much of the power in both the House and the Senate resides not on the floor of the relevant house ( though the ultimate veto is there ) but rather in the various standing committees of each .
much of the power in both the house and the senate [lives] not on the floor of the relevant house ( though the ultimate veto is there ) but rather in the various standing committees of each .

What might be regarded as the ‘ problem ’ of pollution resides not simply in the physical environment but in social behaviour .
what might be regarded as the ‘ problem ’ of pollution [lives] not simply in the physical environment but in social behaviour .

Hence the general term is of the form , where is the potential at the point where q1 resides ( ignoring the contribution of q1 ) .
hence the general term is of the form , where is the potential at the point where q1 [lives] ( ignoring the contribution of q1 ) .

Resides their decorative qualities , all these can be used for either cooking , medicine , as perfumery , or domestically .
[lives] their decorative qualities , all these can be used for either cooking , medicine , as perfumery , or domestically .

Any putative point of contact in visual terms resides both in the themes which are represented and the means by which these are conveyed ; both in terms of the process of production and the iconography .
any putative point of contact in visual terms [lives] both in the themes which are represented and the means by which these are conveyed ; both in terms of the process of production and the iconography .

Supervision is by a social worker , who can make certain requirements such as that the supervised person resides in a specified place or participates in specified activities .
supervision is by a social worker , who can make certain requirements such as that the supervised person [lives] in a specified place or participates in specified activities .

The originality of Nizan 's entire literary output resides in this particular assertion since it brings together the two dominant strands that coexist tensely in Nizan 's intellectual and emotional outlook : ( i ) a brooding sense of anguish and desperation stemming from the gross injustices and inequalities in the world , and ( ii ) an explosive , irrepressible determination to enter into the struggle and combat the forces of oppression in order to gain access to a better life .
the originality of nizan 's entire literary output [lives] in this particular assertion since it brings together the two dominant strands that coexist tensely in nizan 's intellectual and emotional outlook : ( i ) a brooding sense of anguish and desperation stemming from the gross injustices and inequalities in the world , and ( ii ) an explosive , irrepressible determination to enter into the struggle and combat the forces of oppression in order to gain access to a better life .

The quality of a work of art , that is to say the maximum level of effectiveness of a work of art , resides in the precision of the means employed to achieve the most profound results , to release the hidden resources locked away in the depths of the reader 's psyche .
the quality of a work of art , that is to say the maximum level of effectiveness of a work of art , [lives] in the precision of the means employed to achieve the most profound results , to release the hidden resources locked away in the depths of the reader 's psyche .

With them resides our only genuine hope of frustrating this cancerous growth .
with them [lives] our only genuine hope of frustrating this cancerous growth .

It merely conceals the true reality of power that resides untouched by democracy in the rest of the state apparatus and above all in the market economy itself .
it merely conceals the true reality of power that [lives] untouched by democracy in the rest of the state apparatus and above all in the market economy itself .

The answer to this decisive question resides not in a logic which compels , for example , all questions of law always to be for the courts or the tribunal .
the answer to this decisive question [lives] not in a logic which compels , for example , all questions of law always to be for the courts or the tribunal .

The functionality of military expenditure resides for structuralists in the contribution it makes to the ideological hegemony of the capitalist system .
the functionality of military expenditure [lives] for structuralists in the contribution it makes to the ideological hegemony of the capitalist system .

After a while he became melancholy and frantic — ‘ for indeed , Reason seldom resides long among Anchorites ’ .
after a while he became melancholy and frantic — ‘ for indeed , reason seldom [lives] long among anchorites ’ .

But economic power no longer resides in the material world .
but economic power no longer [lives] in the material world .

Part of the sharing , and sense of community , resides in the taken-for-granted aspects of the culture .
part of the sharing , and sense of community , [lives] in the taken-for-granted aspects of the culture .

The operating system is ‘ booted ’ into the computer from disk by a small program which permanently resides in the memory .
the operating system is ‘ booted ’ into the computer from disk by a small program which permanently [lives] in the memory .

Another weapon of considerable strength that resides in the hands of the executive is information because ‘ information is power ’ .
another weapon of considerable strength that [lives] in the hands of the executive is information because ‘ information is power ’ .

These provisions include Article 8b ( 1 ) , to the effect that ‘ Every citizen of the Union residing in a Member State of which he is not a national shall have the right to vote and to stand as a candidate at municipal elections in the Member State in which he resides , under the same conditions as nationals of that State ’ , which has caused considerable debate in some Member States .
these provisions include article 8b ( 1 ) , to the effect that ‘ every citizen of the union residing in a member state of which he is not a national shall have the right to vote and to stand as a candidate at municipal elections in the member state in which he [lives] , under the same conditions as nationals of that state ’ , which has caused considerable debate in some member states .

( What power resides in the hands of a journalist who wants his story , and knows how to needle his man till he gets it ! By the same token , one wonders what leader , in some of the countries so quick to condemn Smith , would expose himself to such a cross-examination ? )
( what power [lives] in the hands of a journalist who wants his story , and knows how to needle his man till he gets it ! by the same token , one wonders what leader , in some of the countries so quick to condemn smith , would expose himself to such a cross-examination ? )

Where a child has moved around a great deal it may be difficult to determine where he ordinarily resides .
where a child has moved around a great deal it may be difficult to determine where he ordinarily [lives] .

An action may be commenced : ( 1 ) in the court for the district in which the defendant or one of the defendants resides or carries on business ; ( 2 ) in the court for the district in which the cause of action wholly or in part arose or ; ( 3 ) in the case of a default action , in any court ( Ord 4 , r 2(1) ) .
an action may be commenced : ( 1 ) in the court for the district in which the defendant or one of the defendants [lives] or carries on business ; ( 2 ) in the court for the district in which the cause of action wholly or in part arose or ; ( 3 ) in the case of a default action , in any court ( ord 4 , r 2(1) ) .

If there is any reasonable doubt as to the court in which an action against the Crown should be brought , it may be commenced in the court for the district in which the plaintiff or one of the plaintiffs resides or carries on business ( Ord 42 , r 2 ) .
if there is any reasonable doubt as to the court in which an action against the crown should be brought , it may be commenced in the court for the district in which the plaintiff or one of the plaintiffs [lives] or carries on business ( ord 42 , r 2 ) .

Proceedings under the Settled Land Act 1925 , the Trustee Act 1925 or for the administration of the estate of a deceased person may be commenced in the court which the plaintiff regards as most convenient having regard to the residences or places of business of the parties or to the subject matter of the proceedings ( Ord 4 , r 4 ) , but payment into court under s 63 of the Trustee Act 1925 shall be made to the court in whose district the person ( or any of them ) making the payment resides ( Ord 49 , r 20(2) ) .
proceedings under the settled land act 1925 , the trustee act 1925 or for the administration of the estate of a deceased person may be commenced in the court which the plaintiff regards as most convenient having regard to the residences or places of business of the parties or to the subject matter of the proceedings ( ord 4 , r 4 ) , but payment into court under s 63 of the trustee act 1925 shall be made to the court in whose district the person ( or any of them ) making the payment [lives] ( ord 49 , r 20(2) ) .

Proceedings begun by originating application or petition may be subject to specific enactments or rules , but otherwise they may be commenced in the court for the district in which the respondent or one of the respondents resides or carries on business or in which the subject matter of the application is situated , or if no respondent is named , in the court for the district in which the applicant or petitioner or one of them resides or carries on business ( Ord 4 , r 8 ) .
proceedings begun by originating application or petition may be subject to specific enactments or rules , but otherwise they may be commenced in the court for the district in which the respondent or one of the respondents [lives] or carries on business or in which the subject matter of the application is situated , or if no respondent is named , in the court for the district in which the applicant or petitioner or one of them [lives] or carries on business ( ord 4 , r 8 ) .

If a defendant is a minor , a summons must be served ( if he is not also a mental patient ) on a parent or guardian , or if he has no parent or guardian , then on the person with whom he resides or in whose care he is ( Ord 10 , r 4 ) .
if a defendant is a minor , a summons must be served ( if he is not also a mental patient ) on a parent or guardian , or if he has no parent or guardian , then on the person with whom he [lives] or in whose care he is ( ord 10 , r 4 ) .

However , where a defendant does not reside or carry on business within the district of the court and he desires the action to be transferred to the court for the district in which he resides or carries on business , he may , after delivering a defence , counterclaim , or request for time for payment , apply ex parte in writing for an order to transfer the action to that court .
however , where a defendant does not reside or carry on business within the district of the court and he desires the action to be transferred to the court for the district in which he [lives] or carries on business , he may , after delivering a defence , counterclaim , or request for time for payment , apply ex parte in writing for an order to transfer the action to that court .

The population resides predominantly in areas classed as urban for local government purposes .
the population [lives] predominantly in areas classed as urban for local government purposes .

And the potency of that design resides , Foucault ( 1979 p 205 ) claimed , in that : `` … [ it ] is a diagram of a mechanism of power reduced to its ideal form ; its functioning , abstracted from any obstacle , resistance or friction must be represented as a pure architectural or optical system : it is in fact a figure of political technology that `` may and must be detached from any specific use .
and the potency of that design [lives] , foucault ( 1979 p 205 ) claimed , in that : `` … [ it ] is a diagram of a mechanism of power reduced to its ideal form ; its functioning , abstracted from any obstacle , resistance or friction must be represented as a pure architectural or optical system : it is in fact a figure of political technology that `` may and must be detached from any specific use .

Thus we come to a more general and tenable version of dualism : that every writer necessarily makes choices of expression , and that it is in these choices , in his " way of putting things " , that style resides . So understood , dualism can be contrasted with monism in simple diagrammatic terms as presented in Fig 1.2. fig1.2
thus we come to a more general and tenable version of dualism : that every writer necessarily makes choices of expression , and that it is in these choices , in his " way of putting things " , that style [lives] . so understood , dualism can be contrasted with monism in simple diagrammatic terms as presented in fig 1.2. fig1.2

Leavis does not question or problematize the existence of the materials of the literary tradition , and the moral force to be associated with the study of English resides , not in the `` personalities `` of great authors , but in the capacity of an intellectual and professional elite to `` respond `` , that is , to recreate in themselves that evaluative response to cultural change seen as inscribed within the literary tradition .
leavis does not question or problematize the existence of the materials of the literary tradition , and the moral force to be associated with the study of english [lives] , not in the `` personalities `` of great authors , but in the capacity of an intellectual and professional elite to `` respond `` , that is , to recreate in themselves that evaluative response to cultural change seen as inscribed within the literary tradition .

The legal model or the company which separates ownership and management but still asserts that ultimate control resides with the owners of the company no longer corresponds to the realities of the modern large public company .
the legal model or the company which separates ownership and management but still asserts that ultimate control [lives] with the owners of the company no longer corresponds to the realities of the modern large public company .

Much of the information that makes a text coherent is not included in the text at all but resides in the world knowledge shared by the author and most of the readers .
much of the information that makes a text coherent is not included in the text at all but [lives] in the world knowledge shared by the author and most of the readers .

What bothers me ultimately is not the tempos in themselves , but the sense that the driving force resides exclusively within the music .
what bothers me ultimately is not the tempos in themselves , but the sense that the driving force [lives] exclusively within the music .

The district court of the district in which a person resides or is found may order him to give his testimony or statement or to produce a document or other thing for use in a proceeding in a foreign or international tribunal .
the district court of the district in which a person [lives] or is found may order him to give his testimony or statement or to produce a document or other thing for use in a proceeding in a foreign or international tribunal .

The identifier of the model state in which the module instance currently resides .
the identifier of the model state in which the module instance currently [lives] .

The textual name associated with the model state in which the module instance currently resides .
the textual name associated with the model state in which the module instance currently [lives] .

But he stresses that the progress in contemplative experience , reformation in feeling developing from reformation in faith , is part of an organic process of growth to a peace and fulfilment the longing for which is innate in man who may mistakenly and unnaturally think it resides in material circumstances : Scale 2 is pervaded by a sense of the reality of a dimension to human experience beyond the confines of time and sin , though it is only accessed through them .
but he stresses that the progress in contemplative experience , reformation in feeling developing from reformation in faith , is part of an organic process of growth to a peace and fulfilment the longing for which is innate in man who may mistakenly and unnaturally think it [lives] in material circumstances : scale 2 is pervaded by a sense of the reality of a dimension to human experience beyond the confines of time and sin , though it is only accessed through them .

Vaquero 's creator offers this explanation : ‘ In every Mexican there resides an idyllic feeling for the countryside his ( sic ) parents knew .
vaquero 's creator offers this explanation : ‘ in every mexican there [lives] an idyllic feeling for the countryside his ( sic ) parents knew .

Thus each level of a hierarchy directs the action of those ‘ lower down ’ , ultimate authority resides with those at the ‘ top ’ , and at each level those involved carry out more narrowly defined tasks with less and less autonomy .
thus each level of a hierarchy directs the action of those ‘ lower down ’ , ultimate authority [lives] with those at the ‘ top ’ , and at each level those involved carry out more narrowly defined tasks with less and less autonomy .

For him the value of representative democracy resides in the fact that it makes possible the selection of effective political leaders , as well as providing a training for them .
for him the value of representative democracy [lives] in the fact that it makes possible the selection of effective political leaders , as well as providing a training for them .

The justification for this criterion resides in the risk of behaviour becoming ‘ pre-adaptive ’ .
the justification for this criterion [lives] in the risk of behaviour becoming ‘ pre-adaptive ’ .

As head of the Council of Government the Minister of State exercises executive power under the Prince , while legislative authority resides with the 18-member National Council , elected every five years by universal suffrage .
as head of the council of government the minister of state exercises executive power under the prince , while legislative authority [lives] with the 18-member national council , elected every five years by universal suffrage .

The Republic of Indonesia ( comprising some 13,700 islands known until 1949 as the Netherlands East Indies ) is a unitary state in which executive power resides in a President who governs with the assistance of an appointed Cabinet .
the republic of indonesia ( comprising some 13,700 islands known until 1949 as the netherlands east indies ) is a unitary state in which executive power [lives] in a president who governs with the assistance of an appointed cabinet .

Legislative power resides in a 33-member legislature ( the Nitijela ) , which is elected for four years and which chooses a President from among its members .
legislative power [lives] in a 33-member legislature ( the nitijela ) , which is elected for four years and which chooses a president from among its members .

On appeal to the Patents Court , it was held that where an invention involves any of the excluded materials in section 1 ( 2 ) , the proper construction of the qualification in that subsection requires that the Patent Office inquires into whether the inventive step resides in the contribution of the excluded matter alone .
on appeal to the patents court , it was held that where an invention involves any of the excluded materials in section 1 ( 2 ) , the proper construction of the qualification in that subsection requires that the patent office inquires into whether the inventive step [lives] in the contribution of the excluded matter alone .

An additional irony at the very end of this fabliau resides in the claim that Boivin himself `` made `` this fabliau , and was paid ten sous by the provost for it .
an additional irony at the very end of this fabliau [lives] in the claim that boivin himself `` made `` this fabliau , and was paid ten sous by the provost for it .

An intellectual amusement resides in the interplay between what for simplicity 's sake we can represent as just two contrasting ranges of marked and unmarked language — although arse is undoubtedly less marked than fuck .
an intellectual amusement [lives] in the interplay between what for simplicity 's sake we can represent as just two contrasting ranges of marked and unmarked language — although arse is undoubtedly less marked than fuck .

Beyond even this , however , it can be argued that the intrinsic nature of the fabliau that resides in the Shipman 's Tale counteracts all of these `` anti-isms `` , and that the Shipman 's Tale thus offers a critical disruption of these conventional categories .
beyond even this , however , it can be argued that the intrinsic nature of the fabliau that [lives] in the shipman 's tale counteracts all of these `` anti-isms `` , and that the shipman 's tale thus offers a critical disruption of these conventional categories .

Potential meaning is meaning as it resides in the speaker 's unconscious even when he is not speaking .
potential meaning is meaning as it [lives] in the speaker 's unconscious even when he is not speaking .

Tennyson discloses that the setting of Mariana is in Shakespeare 's Measure for Measure where the dejected Mariana resides alone in a moated grange .
tennyson discloses that the setting of mariana is in shakespeare 's measure for measure where the dejected mariana [lives] alone in a moated grange .

’ The Colonel 's enquiry was delivered as a statement , and he quickly and brazenly continued , ‘ Odd how man 's history resides in his middens .
’ the colonel 's enquiry was delivered as a statement , and he quickly and brazenly continued , ‘ odd how man 's history [lives] in his middens .

One , stating that ‘ the great task imposed on us in the struggle against Bolshevism resides in the annihilation of eternal Jewry ’ , went on : ‘ Only when you see what the Jew has brought about here in Russia , can you really understand why the Führer began the struggle against Jewry .
one , stating that ‘ the great task imposed on us in the struggle against bolshevism [lives] in the annihilation of eternal jewry ’ , went on : ‘ only when you see what the jew has brought about here in russia , can you really understand why the führer began the struggle against jewry .

The debtor or a creditor presents his petition to the Bankruptcy Court of the district in which the debtor resides or carries on business — in London , the High Court ; elsewhere , normally one of the County Courts .
the debtor or a creditor presents his petition to the bankruptcy court of the district in which the debtor [lives] or carries on business — in london , the high court ; elsewhere , normally one of the county courts .

To Mr Milosz , literature 's dignity resides not in politics but in a frankly metaphysical attempt to bridge awe and horror , to name the sorrow of mankind .
to mr milosz , literature 's dignity [lives] not in politics but in a frankly metaphysical attempt to bridge awe and horror , to name the sorrow of mankind .

She argues that the attachment between individuals — the relationship — resides in an inner structure which has both cognitive and affective aspects and affects behaviour .
she argues that the attachment between individuals — the relationship — [lives] in an inner structure which has both cognitive and affective aspects and affects behaviour .

The quoted words point back to the privileged second existence which poetry had once promised Jaromil , and they point ahead : the old meaning has been reversed , with the claim that real life resides in a revolutionary solidarity .
the quoted words point back to the privileged second existence which poetry had once promised jaromil , and they point ahead : the old meaning has been reversed , with the claim that real life [lives] in a revolutionary solidarity .

For the benefit of your readers , my mother resides in the Maximum Security Wing in this rest home on the outskirts of Melbourne .
for the benefit of your readers , my mother [lives] in the maximum security wing in this rest home on the outskirts of melbourne .

The verbal aspect , ‘ resides in the concrete sentences which constitute the text .
the verbal aspect , ‘ [lives] in the concrete sentences which constitute the text .

Be that as it may , these avant-gardes are held to have a ‘ distinctive character ’ which resides in their ‘ seeking to abolish the separation between art and life ’ .
be that as it may , these avant-gardes are held to have a ‘ distinctive character ’ which [lives] in their ‘ seeking to abolish the separation between art and life ’ .

What hope there is resides primarily in the same section of the news-stands as it has for several years — the ‘ serious ’ and ‘ specialist ’ music press .
what hope there is [lives] primarily in the same section of the news-stands as it has for several years — the ‘ serious ’ and ‘ specialist ’ music press .

While real political power still resides with the militia leaders back in Lebanon , it is perhaps misleading to regard the parliamentary meeting here in conventional terms .
while real political power still [lives] with the militia leaders back in lebanon , it is perhaps misleading to regard the parliamentary meeting here in conventional terms .

The punitive approach anticipated for the Probation Service in the White Paper is underpinned by a definition of punishment that resides ‘ in the restrictions on liberty and in the enforcement of the orders ’ .
the punitive approach anticipated for the probation service in the white paper is underpinned by a definition of punishment that [lives] ‘ in the restrictions on liberty and in the enforcement of the orders ’ .

In case this formulation of ‘ taking without permission ’ sounds too close to an analogy with theft , it must be emphasized that the crucial element in sexual assault resides in the close interrelationship between the body and the personality .
in case this formulation of ‘ taking without permission ’ sounds too close to an analogy with theft , it must be emphasized that the crucial element in sexual assault [lives] in the close interrelationship between the body and the personality .

It is the software that is of most interest here since that is where the ‘ intelligence ’ of the facility resides .
it is the software that is of most interest here since that is where the ‘ intelligence ’ of the facility [lives] .

The modernity or postmodernity of the nouveau roman resides not only in the degree to which the novels in question are transgressive in narrative terms , but also in the extent to which they call into question the legitimacy of the practices they install .
the modernity or postmodernity of the nouveau roman [lives] not only in the degree to which the novels in question are transgressive in narrative terms , but also in the extent to which they call into question the legitimacy of the practices they install .

As a way of reducing the cost , the Department of Education and Science , where the Minister for Sport presently resides , have been looking at such extreme measures as the feasibility of turning primary classrooms into temporary swimming pools .
as a way of reducing the cost , the department of education and science , where the minister for sport presently [lives] , have been looking at such extreme measures as the feasibility of turning primary classrooms into temporary swimming pools .

The interest of how things are resides in their figuration , discernible and expressible by the deeper realist , of how things will be only in so far as that futurity is the truth and the end of how they are and always have been .
the interest of how things are [lives] in their figuration , discernible and expressible by the deeper realist , of how things will be only in so far as that futurity is the truth and the end of how they are and always have been .

Within the collective memory of the North Shore resides an entire history of its natural phenomena .
within the collective memory of the north shore [lives] an entire history of its natural phenomena .

Because of the high incidence of salmonella enteriditis , a strain which resides in chickens , a link has been made between poultry farming methods and food poisoning .
because of the high incidence of salmonella enteriditis , a strain which [lives] in chickens , a link has been made between poultry farming methods and food poisoning .

The success of such events resides in the combination of good basic fun with the more serious side of client motivation .
the success of such events [lives] in the combination of good basic fun with the more serious side of client motivation .

Responsibility for bibliographical services over the whole authority normally resides with a senior officer based at headquarters — a post usually known as Bibliographical Services Officer , less commonly as Stock Editor .
responsibility for bibliographical services over the whole authority normally [lives] with a senior officer based at headquarters — a post usually known as bibliographical services officer , less commonly as stock editor .

member of Master Humphrey 's circle , who resides with him and acts as his secretary and steward : ‘ something of a musician , something of an author , something of an actor , something of a painter , very much of a carpenter , and an extraordinary gardener , having had all his life a wonderful aptitude for learning everything that was of no use to him .
member of master humphrey 's circle , who [lives] with him and acts as his secretary and steward : ‘ something of a musician , something of an author , something of an actor , something of a painter , very much of a carpenter , and an extraordinary gardener , having had all his life a wonderful aptitude for learning everything that was of no use to him .

The difficulty resides in the fact that the expression chosen does not satisfy the standard pattern of a request that the trustee benefit the beneficiary .
the difficulty [lives] in the fact that the expression chosen does not satisfy the standard pattern of a request that the trustee benefit the beneficiary .

It is the one in which Assistant Professor Sewell resides .
it is the one in which assistant professor sewell [lives] .

This engram resides in a tiny area in the brain 's cerebellum — a place many neuroscientists never thought to look .
this engram [lives] in a tiny area in the brain 's cerebellum — a place many neuroscientists never thought to look .

The nub of the problem resides in the fact that an increase of consumer goods as a share of the total social product decreases the share of surplus-value in the net national income .
the nub of the problem [lives] in the fact that an increase of consumer goods as a share of the total social product decreases the share of surplus-value in the net national income .

However , he then proceeded to say : ‘ there resides two ‘ souls ’ within the bosom of the peasant himself and the poorer he is , the greater will be the significance of the proletarian tendency . ’
however , he then proceeded to say : ‘ there [lives] two ‘ souls ’ within the bosom of the peasant himself and the poorer he is , the greater will be the significance of the proletarian tendency . ’

In the South of England , where political power increasingly resides , the anti-Conservative vote was split between Labour and the Alliance .
in the south of england , where political power increasingly [lives] , the anti-conservative vote was split between labour and the alliance .

Power resides elsewhere , in other places and in parties that do not need urban parliamentary seats .
power [lives] elsewhere , in other places and in parties that do not need urban parliamentary seats .

The game 's real magic resides in bias and illusion rather than fact .
the game 's real magic [lives] in bias and illusion rather than fact .

Alas , the Fourteenth Amendment itself mentions it : Every national citizen becomes a citizen of the state in which he resides .
alas , the fourteenth amendment itself mentions it : every national citizen becomes a citizen of the state in which he [lives] .

There is , however , just a hint of semantics in Shannon ’ s view that the semantics resides in the “ decoder . ”
there is , however , just a hint of semantics in shannon ’ s view that the semantics [lives] in the “ decoder . ”

This was once decorated with a remarkable frieze depicting the Battle of the Gods and Giants , one of the finest existing examples of Hellenistic sculpture , which now resides in Berlin ’ s Pergamon Museum .
this was once decorated with a remarkable frieze depicting the battle of the gods and giants , one of the finest existing examples of hellenistic sculpture , which now [lives] in berlin ’ s pergamon museum .

Much of the non-gaming business resides in suburban business parks and master-planned communities , part of the city ’ s effort to reinvent the nature of urban and suburban existence by offering multiple industrial and retail centers throughout the valley .
much of the non-gaming business [lives] in suburban business parks and master-planned communities , part of the city ’ s effort to reinvent the nature of urban and suburban existence by offering multiple industrial and retail centers throughout the valley .

The imperial family still resides in the palace , so the general public is admitted to the grounds on only two days each year : on 2 January and 23 December .
the imperial family still [lives] in the palace , so the general public is admitted to the grounds on only two days each year : on 2 january and 23 december .

At one point the crown jewel of Las Vegas shopping , the mall now resides in a central and older region of the valley , sandwiched between middle-class families and upper-crust long-timers .
at one point the crown jewel of las vegas shopping , the mall now [lives] in a central and older region of the valley , sandwiched between middle-class families and upper-crust long-timers .

At least one historically fashionable establishment still resides here in all its glory .
at least one historically fashionable establishment still [lives] here in all its glory .

On display are prehistoric remains and ancient jewels and tools , but there ’ s no doubt as to which is the main point of interest : just follow the crowd to the hushed room where the royal regalia resides .
on display are prehistoric remains and ancient jewels and tools , but there ’ s no doubt as to which is the main point of interest : just follow the crowd to the hushed room where the royal regalia [lives] .

Finally , as with the representation of other alien farmworkers , private attorneys typically do not have the language skills , special resources and knowledge necessary to maintain contact with a client , who resides thousands of miles from their office and does not have a telephone or regular mail delivery , and who may not even know the name of his employer .
finally , as with the representation of other alien farmworkers , private attorneys typically do not have the language skills , special resources and knowledge necessary to maintain contact with a client , who [lives] thousands of miles from their office and does not have a telephone or regular mail delivery , and who may not even know the name of his employer .

Our feedback focus is on the relationship between the structure of a delivery system and its capacity to provide client access to a full range of services no matter where in the state the client resides , while at the same time anticipating and providing for clients ' emerging legal needs and aspirations .
our feedback focus is on the relationship between the structure of a delivery system and its capacity to provide client access to a full range of services no matter where in the state the client [lives] , while at the same time anticipating and providing for clients ' emerging legal needs and aspirations .

His microtomed ( 31,000 sections ) and dyed brain resides down the street from his body at the Moscow Brain Institute , joining the brains of his countrymen Stalin and Tchaikovsky .
his microtomed ( 31,000 sections ) and dyed brain [lives] down the street from his body at the moscow brain institute , joining the brains of his countrymen stalin and tchaikovsky .

Perhaps the real misconception about the unfair burden that open access places on authors resides in the terminology—the term “ author charge ” is itself misleading .
perhaps the real misconception about the unfair burden that open access places on authors [lives] in the terminology—the term “ author charge ” is itself misleading .

Somewhere in all of this resides a human nature , but it is molded and stretched into so many different directions that it is hard to say if we are naturally competitive or naturally community-builders .
somewhere in all of this [lives] a human nature , but it is molded and stretched into so many different directions that it is hard to say if we are naturally competitive or naturally community-builders .

The process of plant breeding is theoretically simple , but its power resides in the fact that it creates novelty .
the process of plant breeding is theoretically simple , but its power [lives] in the fact that it creates novelty .

The value added by imposing a low intensity of human selection on the early landraces resides in the fact that some of these early varieties represent accumulations of alleles that produce phenotypes particularly favorable or attractive to the human eye , nose , palette , or other appetites .
the value added by imposing a low intensity of human selection on the early landraces [lives] in the fact that some of these early varieties represent accumulations of alleles that produce phenotypes particularly favorable or attractive to the human eye , nose , palette , or other appetites .

If things start to look promising , Prudie suggests you find it suddenly necessary to visit your favorite aunt/college roommate/former dog trainer , anybody in the city wherein the correspondent resides .
if things start to look promising , prudie suggests you find it suddenly necessary to visit your favorite aunt/college roommate/former dog trainer , anybody in the city wherein the correspondent [lives] .

In Britain 's elected dictatorship , lobbying is limited because virtually all power resides in a very few people at the top of the majority party .
in britain 's elected dictatorship , lobbying is limited because virtually all power [lives] in a very few people at the top of the majority party .

I have been dating a man who , unlike myself , still resides under the watchful eye of his parental unit .
i have been dating a man who , unlike myself , still [lives] under the watchful eye of his parental unit .

Data can be compromised while it resides on your computer or during transmission from one place to another .
data can be compromised while it [lives] on your computer or during transmission from one place to another .

Almost every story about the forgery resides on Nick 's Whitewater Archives , an encyclopedic compendium of Whitewater dirt , Foster-murder intrigue , Travelgate accusations , Mena airstrip revelations , and the INSLAW case .
almost every story about the forgery [lives] on nick 's whitewater archives , an encyclopedic compendium of whitewater dirt , foster-murder intrigue , travelgate accusations , mena airstrip revelations , and the inslaw case .

Middle sister Helen ( Lara Flynn Boyle ) is the author of arty , titillating short stories and a magnet for studs and weight lifters ; she resides in a dim high-rise down the corridor from two unrelated fatties , Kristina ( Camryn Manheim ) and Allen ( Philip Seymour Hoffman ) .
middle sister helen ( lara flynn boyle ) is the author of arty , titillating short stories and a magnet for studs and weight lifters ; she [lives] in a dim high-rise down the corridor from two unrelated fatties , kristina ( camryn manheim ) and allen ( philip seymour hoffman ) .

Emboldened by this example , white liberal playwright Arthur Miller suggested on the Times op-ed page that Clinton 's `` blackness '' resides in the fact he came from `` a broken home '' with `` an alcoholic mother . ''
emboldened by this example , white liberal playwright arthur miller suggested on the times op-ed page that clinton 's `` blackness '' [lives] in the fact he came from `` a broken home '' with `` an alcoholic mother . ''

This leaves the political field wide open for the developers , their politically active employees in Anchorage ( where more than 40 percent of the state 's population resides ) , and their dogged lobbyists in Juneau and Washington , D.C .
this leaves the political field wide open for the developers , their politically active employees in anchorage ( where more than 40 percent of the state 's population [lives] ) , and their dogged lobbyists in juneau and washington , d.c .

The Taliban captured the southern city of Kandahar -- where its reclusive leader , Mullah Mohammed Omar , resides -- in late 1994 and the capital , Kabul , last September .
the taliban captured the southern city of kandahar -- where its reclusive leader , mullah mohammed omar , [lives] -- in late 1994 and the capital , kabul , last september .

At the top of his short hate list resides popular scold William Bennett .
at the top of his short hate list [lives] popular scold william bennett .

Whether digital or analog , whether in ink or sound waves or synaptic firings or electrons , information always resides in patterns of matter or energy ( which , as Einstein noted , are interchangeable manifestations of the physical world ) .
whether digital or analog , whether in ink or sound waves or synaptic firings or electrons , information always [lives] in patterns of matter or energy ( which , as einstein noted , are interchangeable manifestations of the physical world ) .

At first glance , this gene would seem to have no chance of proliferating via natural selection , since it attracts the predator 's attention and thus endangers the organism in which it resides .
at first glance , this gene would seem to have no chance of proliferating via natural selection , since it attracts the predator 's attention and thus endangers the organism in which it [lives] .

True evil in this movie -- the so-called Phantom Menace -- resides in a handsome white man ( Sen. Palpatine ) and a towheaded tot ( Anakin Skywalker/Darth Vader ) .
true evil in this movie -- the so-called phantom menace -- [lives] in a handsome white man ( sen. palpatine ) and a towheaded tot ( anakin skywalker/darth vader ) .

It also instructs them about how things can be different from what they are in today 's China -- where all power resides in the bloody hands of a narrow oligarchy and a broader party of bootlickers .
it also instructs them about how things can be different from what they are in today 's china -- where all power [lives] in the bloody hands of a narrow oligarchy and a broader party of bootlickers .

Whatever magic resides in the subject is felt to be a sort of black magic , a mysterious cauldron filled with creepy , crawly things .
whatever magic [lives] in the subject is felt to be a sort of black magic , a mysterious cauldron filled with creepy , crawly things .

Perhaps one of our readers steeped in legal lore would care to comment on whether there is a legal distinction between these terms or whether the distinction resides solely in the minds of lay speakers .
perhaps one of our readers steeped in legal lore would care to comment on whether there is a legal distinction between these terms or whether the distinction [lives] solely in the minds of lay speakers .

One book in particular resides on my desk as a regular source of inspiration : Edmund C. Jaeger 's Source Book of Biological Names and Terms , first published in 1944 by Charles C. Thomas , Springfield , Illinois .
one book in particular [lives] on my desk as a regular source of inspiration : edmund c. jaeger 's source book of biological names and terms , first published in 1944 by charles c. thomas , springfield , illinois .

In literary criticism , deconstruction and reader-response models try to deal with this problem , deconstructionists pointing out the inherent instability of all language , reader-response critics insisting that all meaning resides in the audience 's interpretation .
in literary criticism , deconstruction and reader-response models try to deal with this problem , deconstructionists pointing out the inherent instability of all language , reader-response critics insisting that all meaning [lives] in the audience 's interpretation .

