They reside at 4911 Miles Dr. .
they [live] at 4911 miles dr. .

I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone's head , where the worthiest spirits reside .
i was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone's head , where the worthiest spirits [live] .

The inner solid planets , it is claimed , were created by a catastrophic collision between two giant planets orbiting where Mars and the asteroid belt now reside .
the inner solid planets , it is claimed , were created by a catastrophic collision between two giant planets orbiting where mars and the asteroid belt now [live] .

But he believes that the Lord of the Universe does reside specially in that stone .
but he believes that the lord of the universe does [live] specially in that stone .

But the album will reside in the charts for months , chalk up incredible sales and launch its writers , singers and players into megastardom .
but the album will [live] in the charts for months , chalk up incredible sales and launch its writers , singers and players into megastardom .

Guarded by a collective representation in which theft and violence reside in a dangerous class , morally elevated by its correctional quest , the state achieves the legitimacy of its pacific intention and the acceptance of legality — even when it goes to war and massively perpetuates activities it has allegedly banned from the world .
guarded by a collective representation in which theft and violence [live] in a dangerous class , morally elevated by its correctional quest , the state achieves the legitimacy of its pacific intention and the acceptance of legality — even when it goes to war and massively perpetuates activities it has allegedly banned from the world .

If one goes far enough back in United Kingdom constitutional history , one comes to a time when neither Lords nor Commons existed as such and when indeed , it was often by no means certain where the Crown should reside .
if one goes far enough back in united kingdom constitutional history , one comes to a time when neither lords nor commons existed as such and when indeed , it was often by no means certain where the crown should [live] .

In Northern Ireland , in order to prevent hordes crossing the border in order to reside on the qualifying date , three month 's prior residence in the constituency is required ( 1983 Act , s.1 ( 2 ) ) .
in northern ireland , in order to prevent hordes crossing the border in order to [live] on the qualifying date , three month 's prior residence in the constituency is required ( 1983 act , s.1 ( 2 ) ) .

All that has changed over the centuries is that the monarch used to be the substantial head of the government and it is , indeed , still the case that , legally , much central government executive authority continues to reside in the monarch .
all that has changed over the centuries is that the monarch used to be the substantial head of the government and it is , indeed , still the case that , legally , much central government executive authority continues to [live] in the monarch .

After six years at Bishop 's House he went to reside at St Urban 's , Leeds and then in 1982 moved to Holy Family , Leeds , taking over as Parish Priest from Canon Patrick Bradley in 1985 .
after six years at bishop 's house he went to [live] at st urban 's , leeds and then in 1982 moved to holy family , leeds , taking over as parish priest from canon patrick bradley in 1985 .

He resigned from the Temple ; and to provide for the needs of his rapidly increasing family he was appointed as Rector of Boscom and prebendary of Salisbury , with the apparent understanding that he would continue to reside mainly in London , where he could find the books which he required for his great work , Of the Laws of Ecclesiastical Polity .
he resigned from the temple ; and to provide for the needs of his rapidly increasing family he was appointed as rector of boscom and prebendary of salisbury , with the apparent understanding that he would continue to [live] mainly in london , where he could find the books which he required for his great work , of the laws of ecclesiastical polity .

Perhaps , though regrettably , they are not seen as a central core of independence which may reside elsewhere-'in my head or in my dreams ' .
perhaps , though regrettably , they are not seen as a central core of independence which may [live] elsewhere-'in my head or in my dreams ' .

The owners were not content for this much power and control to reside in the hands of the craftsmen , and Stone details the strategies they used to break the union and replace the jobbing/sub-contracting arrangement by an employment relationship .
the owners were not content for this much power and control to [live] in the hands of the craftsmen , and stone details the strategies they used to break the union and replace the jobbing/sub-contracting arrangement by an employment relationship .

The Order also laid it down that ‘ the medical superintendent shall reside in the part of the hospital assigned to him by the Management Committee , or in such other place as the Committee may approve ’ .
the order also laid it down that ‘ the medical superintendent shall [live] in the part of the hospital assigned to him by the management committee , or in such other place as the committee may approve ’ .

Nevertheless , one must not underestimate the importance of earlier ideas about press freedom , nor must one underestimate the extent to which these ideas still reside within more complex statements about the mass media .
nevertheless , one must not underestimate the importance of earlier ideas about press freedom , nor must one underestimate the extent to which these ideas still [live] within more complex statements about the mass media .

There were many ways of inducing the deities to reside in the shrines and temples .
there were many ways of inducing the deities to [live] in the shrines and temples .

To get independent software vendors interested in its technology , Tivoli first had to get a system management framework and basic services established for applications to reside on .
to get independent software vendors interested in its technology , tivoli first had to get a system management framework and basic services established for applications to [live] on .

Outside the gates of Zhongnanhai , where China 's top leaders reside , they shouted for political reform and democracy .
outside the gates of zhongnanhai , where china 's top leaders [live] , they shouted for political reform and democracy .

Good health is a combination of many factors , most of which reside within the individual .
good health is a combination of many factors , most of which [live] within the individual .

Even at the top end of the market which is where these multilanguage , multicurrency systems inevitably reside — selecting and implementing accounting software is , as ever , a perilous undertaking .
even at the top end of the market which is where these multilanguage , multicurrency systems inevitably [live] — selecting and implementing accounting software is , as ever , a perilous undertaking .

But at the same time the number of available children with whom they might reside is much reduced by comparison , say , with the mid-nineteenth century , because of the reduction in the birth rate .
but at the same time the number of available children with whom they might [live] is much reduced by comparison , say , with the mid-nineteenth century , because of the reduction in the birth rate .

To get independent software vendors interested in its technology , Tivoli first had to get a system management framework and basic services established for applications to reside on .
to get independent software vendors interested in its technology , tivoli first had to get a system management framework and basic services established for applications to [live] on .

Demagnetization behaviour indicates that those well-grouped magnetizations ( with high unblocking temperatures and high to moderate coercivities ) that are found in South Mountains granodiorite and microdiorite dykes reside mainly in magnetite ( Fig .
demagnetization behaviour indicates that those well-grouped magnetizations ( with high unblocking temperatures and high to moderate coercivities ) that are found in south mountains granodiorite and microdiorite dykes [live] mainly in magnetite ( fig .

Those characteristic of the Telegraph Pass granite and felsic dykes reside in both magnetite and hematite ( Fig .
those characteristic of the telegraph pass granite and felsic dykes [live] in both magnetite and hematite ( fig .

They all appear , however , to reside in Switzerland , due to the unfavourable nature of Italian laws regarding the import and ownership of works of art .
they all appear , however , to [live] in switzerland , due to the unfavourable nature of italian laws regarding the import and ownership of works of art .

Kirsty could convince any kid that goblins and fairies reside in the bottom of the garden , no problem .
kirsty could convince any kid that goblins and fairies [live] in the bottom of the garden , no problem .

‘ Lord , you who live outside of time and reside in the imperishable moment , we ask your blessing this New Year upon your gift to us of time .
‘ lord , you who live outside of time and [live] in the imperishable moment , we ask your blessing this new year upon your gift to us of time .

If stationary men would pay more attention to the districts on which they reside … from such materials might be drawn the most complete county histories .
if stationary men would pay more attention to the districts on which they [live] … from such materials might be drawn the most complete county histories .

For the sixth successive year , Mace Foodstores will be giving a mouthwatering opportunity to young tennis hopefuls — regardless of their means or previous playing achievements — by awarding Sports Scholarships to 12 boys and girls who reside in the United Kingdom .
for the sixth successive year , mace foodstores will be giving a mouthwatering opportunity to young tennis hopefuls — regardless of their means or previous playing achievements — by awarding sports scholarships to 12 boys and girls who [live] in the united kingdom .

This year , once again , Mace is fortunate to be able to call on the services of Richard Lewis , National Director of Training at the Lawn Tennis Association , who will oversee the 12 selected tennis enthusiasts on the courts of Eton school , where the youngsters will reside during the week of 19th–25th July .
this year , once again , mace is fortunate to be able to call on the services of richard lewis , national director of training at the lawn tennis association , who will oversee the 12 selected tennis enthusiasts on the courts of eton school , where the youngsters will [live] during the week of 19th–25th july .

The soul is said to reside in the upper torso , and is the seat of the emotions .
the soul is said to [live] in the upper torso , and is the seat of the emotions .

Although this difficulty could be resolved by adopting some kind of stratified sampling procedure ( Trudgill , for example , sampled four electoral wards of which the social characteristics were known ) , a more general question emerges of whether it is always reasonable to take the population of an urban area as a sampling universe , when in fact a high proportion of the higher-status people who work in that city actually reside in neighbouring towns .
although this difficulty could be resolved by adopting some kind of stratified sampling procedure ( trudgill , for example , sampled four electoral wards of which the social characteristics were known ) , a more general question emerges of whether it is always reasonable to take the population of an urban area as a sampling universe , when in fact a high proportion of the higher-status people who work in that city actually [live] in neighbouring towns .

For example , in 1983 it was said that ‘ even where the husband had been violent , it would be reasonable for the wife to continue to reside in the matrimonial home but to seek a court order restraining his violence or barring him from the home ’ and in these circumstances the authority 's duty would be ‘ to advise the applicant so to do , not to accommodate her as a homeless person ’ .
for example , in 1983 it was said that ‘ even where the husband had been violent , it would be reasonable for the wife to continue to [live] in the matrimonial home but to seek a court order restraining his violence or barring him from the home ’ and in these circumstances the authority 's duty would be ‘ to advise the applicant so to do , not to accommodate her as a homeless person ’ .

People living in towns and cities can hardly be denied their quite reasonable and legitimate desire either to reside in or to visit the countryside and without them many villages would now lie abandoned and semi — derelict .
people living in towns and cities can hardly be denied their quite reasonable and legitimate desire either to [live] in or to visit the countryside and without them many villages would now lie abandoned and semi — derelict .

As the major ratepayer in the parish a large landowner therefore had a strong incentive to limit and even — as early mechanization progressed — diminish his housing stock so that any surplus labour force did not reside locally ; hence the closed character of such villages .
as the major ratepayer in the parish a large landowner therefore had a strong incentive to limit and even — as early mechanization progressed — diminish his housing stock so that any surplus labour force did not [live] locally ; hence the closed character of such villages .

In the pyramid of control , according to both the formal theory and the practical application of it in organizational design , authority would reside in individuals by virtue of their incumbency in office and/or their expertise .
in the pyramid of control , according to both the formal theory and the practical application of it in organizational design , authority would [live] in individuals by virtue of their incumbency in office and/or their expertise .

The day-to-day principles of control , derived from the hierarchy of offices , would reside in direct surveillance and supervision , as well as the standardized rules and sanc-tions .
the day-to-day principles of control , derived from the hierarchy of offices , would [live] in direct surveillance and supervision , as well as the standardized rules and sanc-tions .

Indeed , mere permission to reside in that country for more than three weeks was strictly limited and one had to satisfy the authorities that one would not become a burden on the state .
indeed , mere permission to [live] in that country for more than three weeks was strictly limited and one had to satisfy the authorities that one would not become a burden on the state .

Regulatory control , however , is concerned for the most part with organizational deviance , and with many activities in which compliance does not reside simply in refraining from an act , but in positively doing something to remedy a state of affairs .
regulatory control , however , is concerned for the most part with organizational deviance , and with many activities in which compliance does not [live] simply in refraining from an act , but in positively doing something to remedy a state of affairs .

The argument over where control should reside is often based upon the criterion that an evaluation should be capable of suggesting appropriate remedies .
the argument over where control should [live] is often based upon the criterion that an evaluation should be capable of suggesting appropriate remedies .

Whilst one third of the total labour force reside there , just over seven-tenths ( 72 per cent ) of all agency workers do so .
whilst one third of the total labour force [live] there , just over seven-tenths ( 72 per cent ) of all agency workers do so .

It includes as special cases both eqn ( 2.63 ) ( when Dn2 is zero inside the metal ) , and eqn ( 2.72 ) ( when both dielectrics are perfect so that no free charges can reside on the boundary surface ) .
it includes as special cases both eqn ( 2.63 ) ( when dn2 is zero inside the metal ) , and eqn ( 2.72 ) ( when both dielectrics are perfect so that no free charges can [live] on the boundary surface ) .

Only in a very few cases are points awarded explicitly to recognize the need to reside in specific rural locations , which is a sad reflection on the past role of allocation policy .
only in a very few cases are points awarded explicitly to recognize the need to [live] in specific rural locations , which is a sad reflection on the past role of allocation policy .

The mutations all reside in a sequence element that contains an imperfect direct as well as an imperfect inverted repeat .
the mutations all [live] in a sequence element that contains an imperfect direct as well as an imperfect inverted repeat .

6–8–1880 Archibald Currie etc appeared and `` mutually acknowledged that they had been guilty of quarrelling some time ago in a way scandalous to religion in the community where they reside .
6–8–1880 archibald currie etc appeared and `` mutually acknowledged that they had been guilty of quarrelling some time ago in a way scandalous to religion in the community where they [live] .

As already noted , introns tend to reside in regions corresponding to highly conserved protein segments ( e.g .
as already noted , introns tend to [live] in regions corresponding to highly conserved protein segments ( e.g .

We are left , however , with two unanswered questions about the divergence of function and form , of semantics and pragmatics : How ? and Why ? If the meaning of an utterance does not wholly reside in the semantic meaning , and if people can mean quite different things with the same words , how do human beings interpret — usually quite accurately — what is meant from what is said ? And why does this divergence of function and form exist at all ? Why do people not just speak directly and say what they mean ? For an answer we will need to look elsewhere : at the theories of conversational principles and speech acts , ideas which , as their names suggest , were developed with spoken language in mind , but are as applicable to written discourse as to spoken .
we are left , however , with two unanswered questions about the divergence of function and form , of semantics and pragmatics : how ? and why ? if the meaning of an utterance does not wholly [live] in the semantic meaning , and if people can mean quite different things with the same words , how do human beings interpret — usually quite accurately — what is meant from what is said ? and why does this divergence of function and form exist at all ? why do people not just speak directly and say what they mean ? for an answer we will need to look elsewhere : at the theories of conversational principles and speech acts , ideas which , as their names suggest , were developed with spoken language in mind , but are as applicable to written discourse as to spoken .

‘ ( 1 ) Where any premises have been let as a dwelling under a tenancy which is not a statutorily protected tenancy and — ( a ) the tenancy ( in this section referred to as the former tenancy ) has come to an end , but ( b ) the occupier continues to reside in the premises or part of them , it shall not be lawful for the owner to enforce against the occupier , otherwise than by proceedings in the court , his right to recover possession of the premises .
‘ ( 1 ) where any premises have been let as a dwelling under a tenancy which is not a statutorily protected tenancy and — ( a ) the tenancy ( in this section referred to as the former tenancy ) has come to an end , but ( b ) the occupier continues to [live] in the premises or part of them , it shall not be lawful for the owner to enforce against the occupier , otherwise than by proceedings in the court , his right to recover possession of the premises .

The boy 's father and paternal grandmother applied , inter alia , for an order for the boy to reside with the grandmother .
the boy 's father and paternal grandmother applied , inter alia , for an order for the boy to [live] with the grandmother .

The plaintiffs disputed the claim on the ground that the defendant did not reside with his deceased brother in the same premises throughout the requisite 12-month period and brought an action in the county court for possession .
the plaintiffs disputed the claim on the ground that the defendant did not [live] with his deceased brother in the same premises throughout the requisite 12-month period and brought an action in the county court for possession .

In his exhaustive and helpful argument on behalf of the plaintiffs , Mr. Perry relied on the Rent Acts and in particular on the amendments made by section 39 of and Schedule 4 to the Housing Act 1988 dealing with private sector lettings whereby a successor was required to reside with the deceased tenant ‘ in the dwelling house ’ for the period of six months before the death of the tenant .
in his exhaustive and helpful argument on behalf of the plaintiffs , mr. perry relied on the rent acts and in particular on the amendments made by section 39 of and schedule 4 to the housing act 1988 dealing with private sector lettings whereby a successor was required to [live] with the deceased tenant ‘ in the dwelling house ’ for the period of six months before the death of the tenant .

However , since the court held that a requirement that the crew reside on shore in the member state in question was not related to the aim of the quota system , no reason can be seen which might induce the court to take the view that residence and domicile requirements imposed on all owners and operators of fishing vessels and on 75 per cent .
however , since the court held that a requirement that the crew [live] on shore in the member state in question was not related to the aim of the quota system , no reason can be seen which might induce the court to take the view that residence and domicile requirements imposed on all owners and operators of fishing vessels and on 75 per cent .

of its shareholders and directors reside and are domiciled there serve to prove the existence of a real economic link between the operations of the vessel and the populations dependent on fisheries and related industries .
of its shareholders and directors [live] and are domiciled there serve to prove the existence of a real economic link between the operations of the vessel and the populations dependent on fisheries and related industries .

of the directors and shareholders of a company owning or operating the vessel must be nationals of the state , even if the competent national authority has the legal power to dispense with that requirement in the case of certain persons ; ( b ) it is contrary to Community law for a member state to lay down as a requirement for registration that the owners , operators , shareholders and directors , as the case may be , must reside and be domiciled in that member state and , in the case of a company , that it must have its principal place of business there ; and ( c ) it is not contrary to Community law for a member state to make the grant of its flag subject to the requirement that the vessel must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .
of the directors and shareholders of a company owning or operating the vessel must be nationals of the state , even if the competent national authority has the legal power to dispense with that requirement in the case of certain persons ; ( b ) it is contrary to community law for a member state to lay down as a requirement for registration that the owners , operators , shareholders and directors , as the case may be , must [live] and be domiciled in that member state and , in the case of a company , that it must have its principal place of business there ; and ( c ) it is not contrary to community law for a member state to make the grant of its flag subject to the requirement that the vessel must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .

Once a bankruptcy order is made , it is likely that the proceedings commenced by a Government department in the High Court under r 6.9(1) ( o ) will be transferred to the appropriate county court if the debtor does not reside or carry on business within the London insolvency district .
once a bankruptcy order is made , it is likely that the proceedings commenced by a government department in the high court under r 6.9(1) ( o ) will be transferred to the appropriate county court if the debtor does not [live] or carry on business within the london insolvency district .

In keeping with the emphasis on parliamentarianism there was the idea that party power should reside within the parliamentary leadership alone .
in keeping with the emphasis on parliamentarianism there was the idea that party power should [live] within the parliamentary leadership alone .

Outside the months of breeding all but a few species disappear to wintering grounds well south of the Arctic Circle ; thus the arctic has over 150 species of breeding land birds , but only eight of them reside on the tundra all the year round .
outside the months of breeding all but a few species disappear to wintering grounds well south of the arctic circle ; thus the arctic has over 150 species of breeding land birds , but only eight of them [live] on the tundra all the year round .

He begins by summarising that for the obvious reasons of inaccessibility and defences , the peoples who reside among mountains are the last to be conquered : he progresses to consider similarly-caused impediments to civilisation : he deduces the part remoteness plays in the preservation of ancient languages .
he begins by summarising that for the obvious reasons of inaccessibility and defences , the peoples who [live] among mountains are the last to be conquered : he progresses to consider similarly-caused impediments to civilisation : he deduces the part remoteness plays in the preservation of ancient languages .

’ Boswell countered this critique , suggesting that genius may also reside in the inventive distribution of sparse material .
’ boswell countered this critique , suggesting that genius may also [live] in the inventive distribution of sparse material .

Part of that mess may well reside in the South . Do you detect beyond the immediate Islamic world , a deepening of suspicion , and possibly even hatred towards some nations in the North , particularly towards the Americans ?
part of that mess may well [live] in the south . do you detect beyond the immediate islamic world , a deepening of suspicion , and possibly even hatred towards some nations in the north , particularly towards the americans ?

It dates from the latter half of the nineteenth century when improvements in local passenger transport allowed people to reside at greater distances from their workplaces .
it dates from the latter half of the nineteenth century when improvements in local passenger transport allowed people to [live] at greater distances from their workplaces .

Did authority reside in the parents , with their popular language of purity ( and one suspects a commonsense discourse about the naturalness and inevitability of procreation and parenthood ) , or with the power of professionals ?
did authority [live] in the parents , with their popular language of purity ( and one suspects a commonsense discourse about the naturalness and inevitability of procreation and parenthood ) , or with the power of professionals ?

After a spell at Oriel College , Oxford , where he later claimed to have suffered a worthless and drunken tutor , he came to reside at Dumbleton on his grandmother 's death in 1690 and inaugurated a programme of rebuilding and improvement .
after a spell at oriel college , oxford , where he later claimed to have suffered a worthless and drunken tutor , he came to [live] at dumbleton on his grandmother 's death in 1690 and inaugurated a programme of rebuilding and improvement .

He then retuned to France , his father insisting that he should reside abroad for two years .
he then retuned to france , his father insisting that he should [live] abroad for two years .

In 1825 and 1827 Hill founded , successively , continuing local associations of the Church Missionary Society and of the Society for Promoting Christianity among the Jews , effectively advancing each as its active secretary until he ceased to reside in the university .
in 1825 and 1827 hill founded , successively , continuing local associations of the church missionary society and of the society for promoting christianity among the jews , effectively advancing each as its active secretary until he ceased to [live] in the university .

Named minister to the United States in 1803 , Merry was the first British minister to reside in the new American capital in Washington .
named minister to the united states in 1803 , merry was the first british minister to [live] in the new american capital in washington .

John Blundell Maple , the furniture magnate , declared in 1891 , for instance : ‘ It must be infinitely more wholesome for the workers of London to reside in their own suburban homes than to be congregated together … Our working population would be reared in a more healthy atmosphere , becoming thereby in every respect better citizens and keener for the welfare and future of their Empire .
john blundell maple , the furniture magnate , declared in 1891 , for instance : ‘ it must be infinitely more wholesome for the workers of london to [live] in their own suburban homes than to be congregated together … our working population would be reared in a more healthy atmosphere , becoming thereby in every respect better citizens and keener for the welfare and future of their empire .

( Indeed , were the fields in the solar wind much stronger in the past then this is another way in which the magnetic fields that reside in the surface rocks could have been produced . )
( indeed , were the fields in the solar wind much stronger in the past then this is another way in which the magnetic fields that [live] in the surface rocks could have been produced . )

The professor shall reside within the University ( i.e. within twenty-five miles of Carfax , the central point of Oxford ) during six months at least in each academical year , between the first day of October and the ensuing first day of August , and in particular during not less than six weeks of each term .
the professor shall [live] within the university ( i.e. within twenty-five miles of carfax , the central point of oxford ) during six months at least in each academical year , between the first day of october and the ensuing first day of august , and in particular during not less than six weeks of each term .

The professor shall reside within the University ( i.e. within twenty-five miles of Carfax , the central point of Oxford ) during six months at least in each academical year , between the first day of October and the ensuing first day of August .
the professor shall [live] within the university ( i.e. within twenty-five miles of carfax , the central point of oxford ) during six months at least in each academical year , between the first day of october and the ensuing first day of august .

After Martin 's death his son Jean continued to reside at the rue de Harlay , and presumably became the master maker of the workshop .
after martin 's death his son jean continued to [live] at the rue de harlay , and presumably became the master maker of the workshop .

Not because she considered herself better than the people who were forced by circumstance to reside there , but because she found the atmosphere depressing .
not because she considered herself better than the people who were forced by circumstance to [live] there , but because she found the atmosphere depressing .

However , where a defendant does not reside or carry on business within the district of the court and he desires the action to be transferred to the court for the district in which he resides or carries on business , he may , after delivering a defence , counterclaim , or request for time for payment , apply ex parte in writing for an order to transfer the action to that court .
however , where a defendant does not [live] or carry on business within the district of the court and he desires the action to be transferred to the court for the district in which he resides or carries on business , he may , after delivering a defence , counterclaim , or request for time for payment , apply ex parte in writing for an order to transfer the action to that court .

The development of a form of representative democracy in the nineteenth century led Dicey to distinguish between legal sovereignty , which continued to reside with the triumvirate of the monarch , Lords , and Commons , and political sovereignty , which he deemed to rest with the electorate .
the development of a form of representative democracy in the nineteenth century led dicey to distinguish between legal sovereignty , which continued to [live] with the triumvirate of the monarch , lords , and commons , and political sovereignty , which he deemed to rest with the electorate .

One response which can be made to the gap which exists between the world in which Christianity came into being and the present world is to allow what is to be held to be essentially normative for the religion to reside in the past .
one response which can be made to the gap which exists between the world in which christianity came into being and the present world is to allow what is to be held to be essentially normative for the religion to [live] in the past .

Even more surprisingly , that memory has been shown to reside in a substance , tor if a worm that has learned the maze is killed and its flesh fed to another worm , the new one will run the maze correctly without training .
even more surprisingly , that memory has been shown to [live] in a substance , tor if a worm that has learned the maze is killed and its flesh fed to another worm , the new one will run the maze correctly without training .

Thus , in sexual matters , the problems presented are practically always those which affect him or reside in him .
thus , in sexual matters , the problems presented are practically always those which affect him or [live] in him .

Will it not turn out to reside in a strange mixture of particle-like and wave-like behaviour ?
will it not turn out to [live] in a strange mixture of particle-like and wave-like behaviour ?

These values are assumed to reside in the cultural continuum which Bateson sees as stretching from 1200 to the present .
these values are assumed to [live] in the cultural continuum which bateson sees as stretching from 1200 to the present .

Education is seen as a process of nurturing individuality , of fostering distinctive qualities that already reside within each individual .
education is seen as a process of nurturing individuality , of fostering distinctive qualities that already [live] within each individual .

Power is not unitary , it does not reside in the stats , it can not be reduced to class relations ; it is not something to hold or use .
power is not unitary , it does not [live] in the stats , it can not be reduced to class relations ; it is not something to hold or use .

She finds , however , this kind of work very difficult ‘ When the parents are equally decent and competent , or the reverse , it is very difficult to make a decision as to where the children should reside on breakdown of the parents ’ marriage .
she finds , however , this kind of work very difficult ‘ when the parents are equally decent and competent , or the reverse , it is very difficult to make a decision as to where the children should [live] on breakdown of the parents ’ marriage .

While the majority of samurai did live as retainers in castle towns , there were some marginal cases who continued to reside in the countryside , often cultivating the land .
while the majority of samurai did live as retainers in castle towns , there were some marginal cases who continued to [live] in the countryside , often cultivating the land .

Throughout the post-1868 years the rural — urban balance was shifting away from the countryside in the wake of rapid population increase and industrialization , although up to the Pacific War at least half the population continued to reside in small towns and villages , and there was little absolute fall in the rural population until the late 1930s .
throughout the post-1868 years the rural — urban balance was shifting away from the countryside in the wake of rapid population increase and industrialization , although up to the pacific war at least half the population continued to [live] in small towns and villages , and there was little absolute fall in the rural population until the late 1930s .

It hath sovereign and uncontrollable authority in making , conforming enlarging , restraining , abrogating , repealing , reviving , and expounding of laws , concerning matters of all possible denominations , ecclesiastical or temporal , civil , military , or criminal : this being the place where that absolute despotic power , which must in all governments reside somewhere , is entrusted by the constitution of these kingdoms .
it hath sovereign and uncontrollable authority in making , conforming enlarging , restraining , abrogating , repealing , reviving , and expounding of laws , concerning matters of all possible denominations , ecclesiastical or temporal , civil , military , or criminal : this being the place where that absolute despotic power , which must in all governments [live] somewhere , is entrusted by the constitution of these kingdoms .

Additionally , health authority records and exit interviews should be used to identify nurses who have left employment and who may still reside nearby .
additionally , health authority records and exit interviews should be used to identify nurses who have left employment and who may still [live] nearby .

It was also a community , which encompassed all Jews wherever they happened to reside .
it was also a community , which encompassed all jews wherever they happened to [live] .

And in what , for them , does ‘ Christianity ’ reside ?
and in what , for them , does ‘ christianity ’ [live] ?

If no list has been registered , or the persons named have died , or ceased to reside in Great Britain , or refuse to accept service on the company 's behalf or for any reason can not be served , a document may be served on the company by leaving it at , or sending it by post to , any place of business established by the company in Great Britain .
if no list has been registered , or the persons named have died , or ceased to [live] in great britain , or refuse to accept service on the company 's behalf or for any reason can not be served , a document may be served on the company by leaving it at , or sending it by post to , any place of business established by the company in great britain .

Data provided by Wall ( 1988 ) show that 10 per cent of those aged 65 + in Holland reside in an institution ; this is the highest percentage in Europe .
data provided by wall ( 1988 ) show that 10 per cent of those aged 65 + in holland [live] in an institution ; this is the highest percentage in europe .

At all ages the vast majority of those defined as disabled reside in the community ; institutional care caters only for a minority of this population .
at all ages the vast majority of those defined as disabled [live] in the community ; institutional care caters only for a minority of this population .

However , there are a variety of different types of institutional setting in which an older person might reside .
however , there are a variety of different types of institutional setting in which an older person might [live] .

But whether Rider Haggard wanted to move his mysterious veiled woman somewhat further from the realm of allegory near which she certainly appeared to reside in She and Ayesha , or whether he was merely exercising the husbandry of a writer who had created in Quatermain a remarkably useful narrator and wanted to make the fullest use of him , the fact remains that the ‘ She ’ of She and Allan is more shrewdly realised as a woman than in the two preceding books , even if her self- centred mysticism is still as grandiose and woolly as it was .
but whether rider haggard wanted to move his mysterious veiled woman somewhat further from the realm of allegory near which she certainly appeared to [live] in she and ayesha , or whether he was merely exercising the husbandry of a writer who had created in quatermain a remarkably useful narrator and wanted to make the fullest use of him , the fact remains that the ‘ she ’ of she and allan is more shrewdly realised as a woman than in the two preceding books , even if her self- centred mysticism is still as grandiose and woolly as it was .

The 160 hp , four cylinder , carburettor-type Lycoming engines reside within deep cowlings which also house the main undercarriage legs when they are retracted , leaving about one third of the nose and main wheels to protrude below the aircraft .
the 160 hp , four cylinder , carburettor-type lycoming engines [live] within deep cowlings which also house the main undercarriage legs when they are retracted , leaving about one third of the nose and main wheels to protrude below the aircraft .

Celtic students , if not native speakers of Gaelic , are similarly required to attend summer schools or reside in a Gaelic-speaking community in circumstances approved by the department .
celtic students , if not native speakers of gaelic , are similarly required to attend summer schools or [live] in a gaelic-speaking community in circumstances approved by the department .

Here the faculty is able to draw on the wide range of professional musicians who reside in Edinburgh or visit regularly .
here the faculty is able to draw on the wide range of professional musicians who [live] in edinburgh or visit regularly .

There was a rule no one had thought to have changed , to the effect that members might reside in the club indefinitely if the butler was agreeable .
there was a rule no one had thought to have changed , to the effect that members might [live] in the club indefinitely if the butler was agreeable .

The environmental imperative is held to reside mainly in the market context of manufacturing firms and the rate of change as a variable determining the ‘ best ’ structure of an organization .
the environmental imperative is held to [live] mainly in the market context of manufacturing firms and the rate of change as a variable determining the ‘ best ’ structure of an organization .

how they choose a local authority in which to reside .
how they choose a local authority in which to [live] .

For example , those who like expenditure on libraries and the arts can reside with others of the same persuasion .
for example , those who like expenditure on libraries and the arts can [live] with others of the same persuasion .

Second , there is empirical work which looks for evidence that fiscal considerations play any part at all in the decision of individuals to reside in a particular locality .
second , there is empirical work which looks for evidence that fiscal considerations play any part at all in the decision of individuals to [live] in a particular locality .

So how can we test whether fiscal conditions play any role in the decision to reside in a local community ?
so how can we test whether fiscal conditions play any role in the decision to [live] in a local community ?

Legislative powers reside with the bicameral Federal Assembly ( Bundesversammlung ) comprising the upper house ( Ständerat ) of representatives from the cantons and the lower house ( Nationalrat or National Council ) directly elected by proportional representation .
legislative powers [live] with the bicameral federal assembly ( bundesversammlung ) comprising the upper house ( ständerat ) of representatives from the cantons and the lower house ( nationalrat or national council ) directly elected by proportional representation .

Such people are all privileged in limited degree even when they reside elsewhere .
such people are all privileged in limited degree even when they [live] elsewhere .

Most of its clients reside in South Wales but it was considered that the West Midlands would offer an additional source of berth holders .
most of its clients [live] in south wales but it was considered that the west midlands would offer an additional source of berth holders .

In 1681 , the Burgh of Selkirk , having chosen Sir Patrick Murray , who did not reside in that burgh , to be their commissioner to Parliament , a charge was given both to the burgh and to Sir Patrick for payment of the penalty imposed by the of Convention .
in 1681 , the burgh of selkirk , having chosen sir patrick murray , who did not [live] in that burgh , to be their commissioner to parliament , a charge was given both to the burgh and to sir patrick for payment of the penalty imposed by the of convention .

No additional tax is paid on a property where more than two adults reside .
no additional tax is paid on a property where more than two adults [live] .

You move between screens by clicking with the right mouse button on the portion you want to view , and drag the application windows you see here to the portion of the virtual desktop you want them to reside in .
you move between screens by clicking with the right mouse button on the portion you want to view , and drag the application windows you see here to the portion of the virtual desktop you want them to [live] in .

It seemed to me that the swap file should reside on an uncompressed drive to gain maximum speed benefits — Windows can be slow enough without hampering its performance any further .
it seemed to me that the swap file should [live] on an uncompressed drive to gain maximum speed benefits — windows can be slow enough without hampering its performance any further .

Large lexicons are generally unable to reside in main-memory and the required information must be retrieved from disk .
large lexicons are generally unable to [live] in main-memory and the required information must be retrieved from disk .

That the Government are now taking action is appreciated . Will the Attorney-General please assure the House that such action will also be taken against people who do not normally reside here , such as Louis Farrakhan — if by mistake he or anyone like him is allowed in — if they come to this country to try to stir up racial hatred in this decent land ?
that the government are now taking action is appreciated . will the attorney-general please assure the house that such action will also be taken against people who do not normally [live] here , such as louis farrakhan — if by mistake he or anyone like him is allowed in — if they come to this country to try to stir up racial hatred in this decent land ?

The problem in Europe is that it is already becoming difficult to decide where ultimately authority does reside .
the problem in europe is that it is already becoming difficult to decide where ultimately authority does [live] .

Both Johnson Matthey and the Ceramic Society supported Mike through this transition , allowing him to become the first president of the Canadian Ceramic Society to reside outside of Canada .
both johnson matthey and the ceramic society supported mike through this transition , allowing him to become the first president of the canadian ceramic society to [live] outside of canada .

Even imperialist anti-popes tried to reside in the city — and the emperors strove to keep them there .
even imperialist anti-popes tried to [live] in the city — and the emperors strove to keep them there .

Legislative powers reside with the bicameral Federal Assembly ( Bundesversammlung ) comprising the 46-member Upper House ( Ständerat ) of representatives from the cantons and the 200-member Lower House ( Nationalrat or National Council ) , which is elected for a four-year term .
legislative powers [live] with the bicameral federal assembly ( bundesversammlung ) comprising the 46-member upper house ( ständerat ) of representatives from the cantons and the 200-member lower house ( nationalrat or national council ) , which is elected for a four-year term .

Part of its determinants reside in prevailing power structures and relationships which shape both the external environment the organisation faces and internal corporate realities .
part of its determinants [live] in prevailing power structures and relationships which shape both the external environment the organisation faces and internal corporate realities .

( 2 ) If any person unlawfully deprives the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or attempts to do so , he shall be guilty of an offence unless he proves that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe , that the residential occupier had ceased to reside in the premises .
( 2 ) if any person unlawfully deprives the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or attempts to do so , he shall be guilty of an offence unless he proves that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe , that the residential occupier had ceased to [live] in the premises .

( 8 ) In proceedings to enforce a liability arising by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) above , it shall be a defence for the defendant to prove that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe — ( a ) that the residential occupier had ceased to reside in the premises in question at the time when he was deprived of occupation as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above or , as the case may be , when the attempt was made or the acts were done as a result of which he gave up his occupation of those premises ; or ( b ) that , where the liability would otherwise arise by virtue only of the doing of acts or the withdrawal or withholding of services , he had reasonable grounds for doing the acts or withdrawing or withholding the services in question .
( 8 ) in proceedings to enforce a liability arising by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) above , it shall be a defence for the defendant to prove that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe — ( a ) that the residential occupier had ceased to [live] in the premises in question at the time when he was deprived of occupation as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above or , as the case may be , when the attempt was made or the acts were done as a result of which he gave up his occupation of those premises ; or ( b ) that , where the liability would otherwise arise by virtue only of the doing of acts or the withdrawal or withholding of services , he had reasonable grounds for doing the acts or withdrawing or withholding the services in question .

The next Bishop of Rochester to reside here at Halling was Laurence but this is not to say that the palace was vacant during these intervening years for as we have noticed earlier monks of Rochester lived here for periods with possibly a steward to maintain the household .
the next bishop of rochester to [live] here at halling was laurence but this is not to say that the palace was vacant during these intervening years for as we have noticed earlier monks of rochester lived here for periods with possibly a steward to maintain the household .

Out of his manors , William chose to reside at Hammoon , and his descendants certainly lived here until the seventeenth century .
out of his manors , william chose to [live] at hammoon , and his descendants certainly lived here until the seventeenth century .

As for spiders , earwigs , woodlice and the rest , they can be encouraged to reside in a distant corner of the garden , beneath a leafy and dead wood home .
as for spiders , earwigs , woodlice and the rest , they can be encouraged to [live] in a distant corner of the garden , beneath a leafy and dead wood home .

Every note , every school report , every passing wheeze of the P'daytabird is here ; and since , by a strange series of chances , the Lewis Papers now reside in an air-conditioned cavern in the suburbs of Chicago , we may suppose that they will survive for ever , perhaps long after Oxford and Ulster have been lost to sight .
every note , every school report , every passing wheeze of the p'daytabird is here ; and since , by a strange series of chances , the lewis papers now [live] in an air-conditioned cavern in the suburbs of chicago , we may suppose that they will survive for ever , perhaps long after oxford and ulster have been lost to sight .

Why did the ancient replicators club together to make , and reside in , lumbering robots , and why are those robots — individual bodies , you and me — so large and so complicated ?
why did the ancient replicators club together to make , and [live] in , lumbering robots , and why are those robots — individual bodies , you and me — so large and so complicated ?

Not suprisingly , people in the north-east of the country , where the work ethic and the climate push the pace of life ever upward , reside permanently in the fast lane .
not suprisingly , people in the north-east of the country , where the work ethic and the climate push the pace of life ever upward , [live] permanently in the fast lane .

But the plot takes us back to Paris and its police for the denouement of the story , and it is there that the real and menacing power is seen to reside .
but the plot takes us back to paris and its police for the denouement of the story , and it is there that the real and menacing power is seen to [live] .

Weediness is widely held to reside in a set of 13 traits , bearing on such matters as general hardiness , competitiveness , reproductive habits and germination of seed .
weediness is widely held to [live] in a set of 13 traits , bearing on such matters as general hardiness , competitiveness , reproductive habits and germination of seed .

More often , though , the fertility genes reside on a small , circular piece of genetic material , or ‘ plasmid ’ ( see Box 2 ) .
more often , though , the fertility genes [live] on a small , circular piece of genetic material , or ‘ plasmid ’ ( see box 2 ) .

Within these places , it is often supposed , reside mad people who sometimes have to restrained in straightjackets , defecate in public , and constantly take off their clothes .
within these places , it is often supposed , [live] mad people who sometimes have to restrained in straightjackets , defecate in public , and constantly take off their clothes .

The conditions typically restricted the defendant to peaceful picketing at his or her usual place of employment , but they could be wider than this , embracing curfews and residency requirements such as the stipulation on one occasion that a defendant reside in Wick ( Wallington , 1985 : 156 ) .
the conditions typically restricted the defendant to peaceful picketing at his or her usual place of employment , but they could be wider than this , embracing curfews and residency requirements such as the stipulation on one occasion that a defendant [live] in wick ( wallington , 1985 : 156 ) .

area ‘ comprising some dozen streets adjacent to the King 's Bench debtors ’ prison ' where prisoners ‘ who can raise large fees from which their creditors do not derive any benefit , are permitted to reside ’ .
area ‘ comprising some dozen streets adjacent to the king 's bench debtors ’ prison ' where prisoners ‘ who can raise large fees from which their creditors do not derive any benefit , are permitted to [live] ’ .

Some of it may also reside in the bending of bones .
some of it may also [live] in the bending of bones .

• Czechoslovakian studies show that children aged 6 to 14 years who reside near an aluminium smelter ingest more than 2 milligrams fluoride a day from air , water , animal foodstuffs and plants although their drinking water was not fluoridated .
• czechoslovakian studies show that children aged 6 to 14 years who [live] near an aluminium smelter ingest more than 2 milligrams fluoride a day from air , water , animal foodstuffs and plants although their drinking water was not fluoridated .

Instead , the metals reside in warehouses in Rotterdam , a piece of paper bearing his name being the investor 's only proof of ownership .
instead , the metals [live] in warehouses in rotterdam , a piece of paper bearing his name being the investor 's only proof of ownership .

those incomers who reside in the area .
those incomers who [live] in the area .

Social boundaries will reside in the actor 's conceptualisations of whom , in what degree , it is possible to approach , ask for advice , trust and whom may not be socially ‘ reached ’ .
social boundaries will [live] in the actor 's conceptualisations of whom , in what degree , it is possible to approach , ask for advice , trust and whom may not be socially ‘ reached ’ .

As it turned out the final Report , published in 1889 after almost five years of investigation , did embody a number of recommendations regarding the education of deaf children in future Education Acts , thus setting out for the first time proper legislation with regard to compulsory entry , ages of admission , the length of education , the size of classes , and even that Principals/Headmasters of boarding institutions had to reside on the premises .
as it turned out the final report , published in 1889 after almost five years of investigation , did embody a number of recommendations regarding the education of deaf children in future education acts , thus setting out for the first time proper legislation with regard to compulsory entry , ages of admission , the length of education , the size of classes , and even that principals/headmasters of boarding institutions had to [live] on the premises .

Dora Bryan stars in this hilarious , smash hit , musical comedy , which follows the fortunes of a group of retired Vaudeville performers who reside in a run down long-term hotel .
dora bryan stars in this hilarious , smash hit , musical comedy , which follows the fortunes of a group of retired vaudeville performers who [live] in a run down long-term hotel .

Over one half of the anticipated increase in the South 's population will reside in cities many of which already suffer from urban squalor , high crime rates , vandalism and political unrest .
over one half of the anticipated increase in the south 's population will [live] in cities many of which already suffer from urban squalor , high crime rates , vandalism and political unrest .

One was Tim Skerritt , the steward of the Carewscourt estate ; another was the youngest son of a small farmer ; the third man was going to reside permanently in Castlebar where he had obtained a position in a draper 's shop .
one was tim skerritt , the steward of the carewscourt estate ; another was the youngest son of a small farmer ; the third man was going to [live] permanently in castlebar where he had obtained a position in a draper 's shop .

for the wellbeing of the community in which we reside — a society without rules or norms about courteous behaviour , mutual obligations and co-operation would be brutish and possibly short-lived .
for the wellbeing of the community in which we [live] — a society without rules or norms about courteous behaviour , mutual obligations and co-operation would be brutish and possibly short-lived .

All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside .
all persons born or naturalized in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the united states and of the state wherein they [live] .

Thus , it came to be obvious that citizens of the country who did not reside in the states ( namely , those in the federal district ) must also have the right to vote for national offices .
thus , it came to be obvious that citizens of the country who did not [live] in the states ( namely , those in the federal district ) must also have the right to vote for national offices .

Micelles are single-layered structures which , in an aqueous medium have hydrophilic regions directed outward , but are able to enclose an aqueous core in which the other molecular species of an autonomous agent might reside .
micelles are single-layered structures which , in an aqueous medium have hydrophilic regions directed outward , but are able to enclose an aqueous core in which the other molecular species of an autonomous agent might [live] .

The “ villagers ” reside in wattle and daub huts , and chatter away about their religious beliefs and lifestyles as they tend their cows , sheep , and pigs .
the “ villagers ” [live] in wattle and daub huts , and chatter away about their religious beliefs and lifestyles as they tend their cows , sheep , and pigs .

In periods of drought it is attractive to birds that usually reside at Doñana , and around 50 species have been observed here .
in periods of drought it is attractive to birds that usually [live] at doñana , and around 50 species have been observed here .

Nearly two dozen monks reside here .
nearly two dozen monks [live] here .

People seeking assistance must provide identification proving they reside in the area .
people seeking assistance must provide identification proving they [live] in the area .

Temporary Agricultural Workers under the H-2A Program H-2A aliens , as the only category of eligible aliens who reside in the United States temporarily , are particularly affected by the issue before the Commission because of their necessarily short periods of time in the United States .
temporary agricultural workers under the h-2a program h-2a aliens , as the only category of eligible aliens who [live] in the united states temporarily , are particularly affected by the issue before the commission because of their necessarily short periods of time in the united states .

H-2A aliens are non-immigrants , who reside in a foreign country but come to the United States temporarily to perform agricultural labor or services for a specified employer or employers .
h-2a aliens are non-immigrants , who [live] in a foreign country but come to the united states temporarily to perform agricultural labor or services for a specified employer or employers .

Lawful permanent residents and other classes of aliens in the unrestricted categories reside in the United States without time limit .
lawful permanent residents and other classes of aliens in the unrestricted categories [live] in the united states without time limit .

So-called `` commuter aliens '' are a special category of lawful permanent residents recognized by the INS regulations as resident aliens of the United States who may reside outside of the United States in a contiguous territory and who return to work in the United States regularly .
so-called `` commuter aliens '' are a special category of lawful permanent residents recognized by the ins regulations as resident aliens of the united states who may [live] outside of the united states in a contiguous territory and who return to work in the united states regularly .

The few attorneys who do reside in locations where farmworkers are likely to live and work generally represent agricultural employers and are conflicted out of representing farmworkers .
the few attorneys who do [live] in locations where farmworkers are likely to live and work generally represent agricultural employers and are conflicted out of representing farmworkers .

Often it is difficult , if not impossible , to conduct a client interview and fact investigation before the H-2A alien leaves the United States , see discussion infra Part III ( D ) ( 2 ) , and difficulties of communicating are compounded by the fact that many H-2A workers reside in small Mexican villages where the mail system is unreliable and telephone access extremely limited .
often it is difficult , if not impossible , to conduct a client interview and fact investigation before the h-2a alien leaves the united states , see discussion infra part iii ( d ) ( 2 ) , and difficulties of communicating are compounded by the fact that many h-2a workers [live] in small mexican villages where the mail system is unreliable and telephone access extremely limited .

For example , while studies exist that estimate the benefits of visibility improvements to individuals in the places they reside , these residential visibility studies are considered by some in the resource economics community to be less reliable because of the methods applied .
for example , while studies exist that estimate the benefits of visibility improvements to individuals in the places they [live] , these residential visibility studies are considered by some in the resource economics community to be less reliable because of the methods applied .

By merging the STF 3B file with CCS data , we have obtained economic and demographic data for the ZIP Codes in which 12,876 residential routes reside .
by merging the stf 3b file with ccs data , we have obtained economic and demographic data for the zip codes in which 12,876 residential routes [live] .

The statistics in Table A1 show that , on average , routes in the more profitable quartiles reside in ZIP Codes with higher income households and more educated adults .
the statistics in table a1 show that , on average , routes in the more profitable quartiles [live] in zip codes with higher income households and more educated adults .

Likewise , the statistics in Tables A2 and A3 show that routes with high carrier route volume reside in ZIP Codes with higher levels of household income and education attainment .
likewise , the statistics in tables a2 and a3 show that routes with high carrier route volume [live] in zip codes with higher levels of household income and education attainment .

Lamellocytes differentiate in response to macroscopic pathogens , and their precursors are thought to reside in the larval lymph gland .
lamellocytes differentiate in response to macroscopic pathogens , and their precursors are thought to [live] in the larval lymph gland .

We also restrict our focus in this paper to sub-Saharan Africa , where the overwhelming majority of people living with and dying from HIV/AIDS reside ; however , our findings have broader applicability and more general implications in the worldwide fight against HIV/AIDS , which we highlight here .
we also restrict our focus in this paper to sub-saharan africa , where the overwhelming majority of people living with and dying from hiv/aids [live] ; however , our findings have broader applicability and more general implications in the worldwide fight against hiv/aids , which we highlight here .

Alumni reside in 48 states and 5 foreign countries COSTS , FINANCIAL AID , AND SCHOLARSHIPS 1993-94 in-state tuition : $ 143.65 per credit hour 1993-94 out-of-state tuition : $ 373.80 per credit hour 1993-94 tuition supplies 49 % of the school 's total operating budget Forty-four percent of students receive loans and/or grants Thirty-one privately-funded scholarships totaling $ 82.000 awarded to students annually Additional monetary awards provided through the IU Law Alumni Association .
alumni [live] in 48 states and 5 foreign countries costs , financial aid , and scholarships 1993-94 in-state tuition : $ 143.65 per credit hour 1993-94 out-of-state tuition : $ 373.80 per credit hour 1993-94 tuition supplies 49 % of the school 's total operating budget forty-four percent of students receive loans and/or grants thirty-one privately-funded scholarships totaling $ 82.000 awarded to students annually additional monetary awards provided through the iu law alumni association .

We reside in all states excepting Delaware and North Dakota ( do n't ask me why ! ) .
we [live] in all states excepting delaware and north dakota ( do n't ask me why ! ) .

You will find with this letter a `` 1993 fact card '' about the law school , information about the Indiana Tax Credit ( if you reside in Indiana ) , and a gift card and envelope to use in returning your contribution to the school .
you will find with this letter a `` 1993 fact card '' about the law school , information about the indiana tax credit ( if you [live] in indiana ) , and a gift card and envelope to use in returning your contribution to the school .

The law school has more than 5,700 alumni , approximately 80 % of whom reside in Indiana .
the law school has more than 5,700 alumni , approximately 80 % of whom [live] in indiana .

Approximately 80 % of the school 's alumni reside in Indiana , with more than 2,200 living and working in Marion County and the seven contiguous counties .
approximately 80 % of the school 's alumni [live] in indiana , with more than 2,200 living and working in marion county and the seven contiguous counties .

Putting aside that the once happy couple might do well to reside with the attendant from whom Alan Keyes escaped , the big frou-fra is that heretofore secret Rockefeller Trust details may wind up in a Florida court !
putting aside that the once happy couple might do well to [live] with the attendant from whom alan keyes escaped , the big frou-fra is that heretofore secret rockefeller trust details may wind up in a florida court !

The movie tracks four aging New Yorkers -- two men , two women -- through their lonely dating rituals , in the process depicting a universe of lusty , coupled-up haves and downcast , excluded have-nots , all viewed Rear Window -style through rectangular openings in the massive apartment houses in which they reside .
the movie tracks four aging new yorkers -- two men , two women -- through their lonely dating rituals , in the process depicting a universe of lusty , coupled-up haves and downcast , excluded have-nots , all viewed rear window -style through rectangular openings in the massive apartment houses in which they [live] .

What this indicates is that erections -- satisfying erections -- do n't reside solely in the groin .
what this indicates is that erections -- satisfying erections -- do n't [live] solely in the groin .

The power to initiate investigations will once again reside with the attorney general .
the power to initiate investigations will once again [live] with the attorney general .

Some are responding to the fleeting hormonal surges of youthful idealism , or to the special status hierarchy of the academic subculture where they temporarily reside .
some are responding to the fleeting hormonal surges of youthful idealism , or to the special status hierarchy of the academic subculture where they temporarily [live] .

They come in very few basic shapes ( like dresses ) , and nobody gets any basic training in hat choice or hat management , since real allure is felt to reside in hair , not in hats .
they come in very few basic shapes ( like dresses ) , and nobody gets any basic training in hat choice or hat management , since real allure is felt to [live] in hair , not in hats .

In Dancing at Lughnasa ( it 's pronounced LOO-nassa ) , the sisters reside in a sterile and repressive Ireland -- but one in which the pagan past continues to bubble up , most visibly in the harvest feast of Lughnasa , when peasants take to the hills to build fires , drink to even greater excess than usual , and dance orgiastically .
in dancing at lughnasa ( it 's pronounced loo-nassa ) , the sisters [live] in a sterile and repressive ireland -- but one in which the pagan past continues to bubble up , most visibly in the harvest feast of lughnasa , when peasants take to the hills to build fires , drink to even greater excess than usual , and dance orgiastically .

I think he is funning with you , as the Southerners say , when he tells friends the trophy will reside in the bed with the two of you .
i think he is funning with you , as the southerners say , when he tells friends the trophy will [live] in the bed with the two of you .

The paper conducted a mammoth survey of state spending records to figure out where the money is going , and found that `` in 50 state budgets reside 50 different stories . ''
the paper conducted a mammoth survey of state spending records to figure out where the money is going , and found that `` in 50 state budgets [live] 50 different stories . ''

The sequence is cartoonlike -- by the fourth image , we imagine that the three absent apparatchiks reside in Stalin 's belly .
the sequence is cartoonlike -- by the fourth image , we imagine that the three absent apparatchiks [live] in stalin 's belly .

The papers go inside with the latest in the Elián González saga : After the Immigration and Naturalization Service threatened the boy 's Miami relatives with revocation of his permission to temporarily reside in the U.S. , they relented and agreed to allow his visiting grandmothers to see him today .
the papers go inside with the latest in the elián gonzález saga : after the immigration and naturalization service threatened the boy 's miami relatives with revocation of his permission to temporarily [live] in the u.s. , they relented and agreed to allow his visiting grandmothers to see him today .

Because nowadays , copies of these genes do reside in non-kin -- in your next-door neighbor and , for that matter , your worst enemy .
because nowadays , copies of these genes do [live] in non-kin -- in your next-door neighbor and , for that matter , your worst enemy .

Remember : The gene will also reside , on average , in half of that organism 's siblings -- and their survival prospects are enhanced by the gene 's effect ( i.e. , by the warning call ) .
remember : the gene will also [live] , on average , in half of that organism 's siblings -- and their survival prospects are enhanced by the gene 's effect ( i.e. , by the warning call ) .

Today I find it often used for two men with different surnames who do sometimes reside at the same address : `` Messrs. Smith and Wesson . ''
today i find it often used for two men with different surnames who do sometimes [live] at the same address : `` messrs. smith and wesson . ''

Where the genuinely informative stage directions reside is not within the written sentence itself , but in the sweep of the preceding sentences -- in the context .
where the genuinely informative stage directions [live] is not within the written sentence itself , but in the sweep of the preceding sentences -- in the context .

