But the Raoul Esnards have exchanged their residence in Southern California for Mexico City .
but the raoul esnards have exchanged their [home/house] in southern california for mexico city .

For almost one-sixth of the national population discrimination in the free selection of residence casts a considerable shadow upon these values assumed as self-evident by most Americans .
for almost one-sixth of the national population discrimination in the free selection of [home/house] casts a considerable shadow upon these values assumed as self-evident by most americans .

As things happened , Morgan was installed in the Nob Hill residence of a magnate friend , whose kitchen swarmed with cooks of approved talent .
as things happened , morgan was installed in the nob hill [home/house] of a magnate friend , whose kitchen swarmed with cooks of approved talent .

Will the house on any part-time farm you are considering make a satisfactory full-time residence ? ?
will the house on any part-time farm you are considering make a satisfactory full-time [home/house] ? ?

The Prince visited the hospital of Operation Brotherhood , supported by the Junior Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines , and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at Pak Song .
the prince visited the hospital of operation brotherhood , supported by the junior chamber of commerce of the philippines , and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his [home/house] at pak song .

Otherwise , freedom would mean removal from the state in which `` as the place of their past residence from birth , or for many years , it would be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to remain '' .
otherwise , freedom would mean removal from the state in which `` as the place of their past [home/house] from birth , or for many years , it would be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to remain '' .

Central cities reveal two adverse features for the major denominations : ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes ; ;
central cities reveal two adverse features for the major denominations : ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of [home/house] for lower social classes ; ;

This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches .
this interpretation of the role of [home/house] in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches .

In fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down .
in fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our [home/house] south , because it is not easy for the most objective southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down .

And now there was some question as to his continued residence there .
and now there was some question as to his continued [home/house] there .

The Mercers took up residence in Brooklyn , and Mercer found a regular job in Wall Street `` misplacing stocks and bonds '' .
the mercers took up [home/house] in brooklyn , and mercer found a regular job in wall street `` misplacing stocks and bonds '' .

No other names among the young men in residence at the time seem to have been even suggested by Milton as those of persons with whom he in any way consorted .
no other names among the young men in [home/house] at the time seem to have been even suggested by milton as those of persons with whom he in any way consorted .

Although the laws of the various states , in general , specify the situs of property , i.e. , residence or domicile of the owner , or location of the property , the exceptions regarding boats , airplanes , mobile homes , etc. , seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment .
although the laws of the various states , in general , specify the situs of property , i.e. , [home/house] or domicile of the owner , or location of the property , the exceptions regarding boats , airplanes , mobile homes , etc. , seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment .

Fifteen stated that it was according to location , four by residence of the owner , and nineteen did not answer .
fifteen stated that it was according to location , four by [home/house] of the owner , and nineteen did not answer .

Another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the residence of the owner .
another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the [home/house] of the owner .

Send your return to the Director of Internal Revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business .
send your return to the director of internal revenue for the district in which you have your legal [home/house] or principal place of business .

If you have neither a legal residence nor a principal place of business in any Internal Revenue district , your return should be filed with the District Director of Internal Revenue , Baltimore 2 , Md. .
if you have neither a legal [home/house] nor a principal place of business in any internal revenue district , your return should be filed with the district director of internal revenue , baltimore 2 , md. .

If your principal place of abode for the tax year is outside the United States ( including Alaska and Hawaii ) , Puerto Rico , or the Virgin Islands and you have no legal residence or principal place of business in any Internal Revenue district in the United States , you should file your return with the Office of International Operations , Internal Revenue Service , Washington 25 , D.C. .
if your principal place of abode for the tax year is outside the united states ( including alaska and hawaii ) , puerto rico , or the virgin islands and you have no legal [home/house] or principal place of business in any internal revenue district in the united states , you should file your return with the office of international operations , internal revenue service , washington 25 , d.c. .

Personal identification cards are issued to all adult males on which tax payments , inoculations , periods of employment , and changes of residence are recorded .
personal identification cards are issued to all adult males on which tax payments , inoculations , periods of employment , and changes of [home/house] are recorded .

The cards of permanent out-migrants are , in theory , sent to an office in the place of new residence .
the cards of permanent out-migrants are , in theory , sent to an office in the place of new [home/house] .

Both men and women of twenty-one years of age could register and vote upon presenting proof of residence and identification .
both men and women of twenty-one years of age could register and vote upon presenting proof of [home/house] and identification .

In general , members of NAIRO would certainly want a child admitted to a school nearest his residence or within his residence zone .
in general , members of nairo would certainly want a child admitted to a school nearest his [home/house] or within his [home/house] zone .

We can argue that where residence makes pupil desegregation impossible teacher assignment can create a partially desegregated situation .
we can argue that where [home/house] makes pupil desegregation impossible teacher assignment can create a partially desegregated situation .

The `` leapfrog '' was a phenomenon of the railroad and the steam turbine , and the time when the belts of residence surrounding the old factory area were not yet blighted .
the `` leapfrog '' was a phenomenon of the railroad and the steam turbine , and the time when the belts of [home/house] surrounding the old factory area were not yet blighted .

The city was a center of manufacture , especially in textiles , and also because of the beauty of some of its surroundings , a residence for many owners of the great industries in north Alabama .
the city was a center of manufacture , especially in textiles , and also because of the beauty of some of its surroundings , a [home/house] for many owners of the great industries in north alabama .

He could no longer build anything , whether a private residence in his Pennsylvania county or a church in Brazil , without it being obvious that he had done it , and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique , they were such fanciful and sometimes even playful buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time , a quality of authentic uniqueness about them , which , once established by an artist as his private vision , is no longer disputable as to its other values .
he could no longer build anything , whether a private [home/house] in his pennsylvania county or a church in brazil , without it being obvious that he had done it , and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique , they were such fanciful and sometimes even playful buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time , a quality of authentic uniqueness about them , which , once established by an artist as his private vision , is no longer disputable as to its other values .

He had assumed that all these buildings had been divided into apartments , but this one , from a glance at the hall furnishings , was obviously still a functioning town house , and its owners were in residence ; ;
he had assumed that all these buildings had been divided into apartments , but this one , from a glance at the hall furnishings , was obviously still a functioning town house , and its owners were in [home/house] ; ;

Above all , disabuse yourselves of any thought that I propose to vent moral indignation at your rifling my residence , to whimper over the loss of a few objets d'art , or to shame you into rectitude .
above all , disabuse yourselves of any thought that i propose to vent moral indignation at your rifling my [home/house] , to whimper over the loss of a few objets d'art , or to shame you into rectitude .

( You must come up to Toad Hall , it 's a jacobean residence with a bit of Tudor thrown in .
( you must come up to toad hall , it 's a jacobean [home/house] with a bit of tudor thrown in .

It 's a single-storey timber-built residence with separate living quarters and within easy reach of the river .
it 's a single-storey timber-built [home/house] with separate living quarters and within easy reach of the river .

Attempts to encourage otters to come back to the River Thames are being aided by the building of a man-made home for them . Conservationists have put together an otter 's holt , and one of the creatures has given the residence her own ’ paw-print ’ of approval
attempts to encourage otters to come back to the river thames are being aided by the building of a man-made home for them . conservationists have put together an otter 's holt , and one of the creatures has given the [home/house] her own ’ paw-print ’ of approval

Andrew Pask … a thirty one year old mature student from Bolton in Lancashire … appeared before magistrates this afternoon … he 's charged with murdering Dr Elizabeth Howe … at York University … Her body was found in a hall of residence only hours after she 'd arrived to teach at a summer school of the Open University … today courses continued despite the tragedy …
andrew pask … a thirty one year old mature student from bolton in lancashire … appeared before magistrates this afternoon … he 's charged with murdering dr elizabeth howe … at york university … her body was found in a hall of [home/house] only hours after she 'd arrived to teach at a summer school of the open university … today courses continued despite the tragedy …

They 're currently in residence at Oxford 's Museum of Modern Art .
they 're currently in [home/house] at oxford 's museum of modern art .

He 's about to take up residence at Hertford College , Oxford .
he 's about to take up [home/house] at hertford college , oxford .

The story goes that James Gilbey , pulled into a lay-by somewhere in Oxfordshire on New Years Eve 1989 and used his car phone to call the Royal residence at Sandringham in Norfolk .
the story goes that james gilbey , pulled into a lay-by somewhere in oxfordshire on new years eve 1989 and used his car phone to call the royal [home/house] at sandringham in norfolk .

The story goes that James Gilbey , pulled into a lay-by somewhere in Oxfordshire on New Years Eve 1989 and used his car phone to call the Royal residence at Sandringham in Norfolk .
the story goes that james gilbey , pulled into a lay-by somewhere in oxfordshire on new years eve 1989 and used his car phone to call the royal [home/house] at sandringham in norfolk .

Then he was offered the chance to be artist in residence at Slimbridge and jumped at the chance to stage his own exhibition .
then he was offered the chance to be artist in [home/house] at slimbridge and jumped at the chance to stage his own exhibition .

right ? You know in case one of the residence needs help or anything
right ? you know in case one of the [home/house] needs help or anything

and the residence are downstairs
and the [home/house] are downstairs

Residence .
[home/house] .

Residence . What 's that mean ? Anthony ?
[home/house] . what 's that mean ? anthony ?

of residence .
of [home/house] .

She plays Isobel Hetherington — a young woman with three daughters — who takes up residence in a seaside resort during the hot summer of 1887 .
she plays isobel hetherington — a young woman with three daughters — who takes up [home/house] in a seaside resort during the hot summer of 1887 .

Artist in Residence — Philip Flanagan
artist in [home/house] — philip flanagan

somebody 's formed a country residence
somebody 's formed a country [home/house]

This is what pisses me off so often you know , things like the halls of residence and stuff are there to help the students and they do n't , they just try and rip them off for every cent they can do it for .
this is what pisses me off so often you know , things like the halls of [home/house] and stuff are there to help the students and they do n't , they just try and rip them off for every cent they can do it for .

Do n't know , it does n't seem to be doing anything and what the was that during the week when was in residence one night the dogs barked and he went out to see what was happening and there was a young man who worked in it this was in the pitch dark , was up there taking some of his stuff away .
do n't know , it does n't seem to be doing anything and what the was that during the week when was in [home/house] one night the dogs barked and he went out to see what was happening and there was a young man who worked in it this was in the pitch dark , was up there taking some of his stuff away .

We have recently had the good fortune to spend an afternoon with the present writer in residence , Joy Hendry , as our visiting speaker , and have savoured but a taste of the feast of enviable experience that she in particular , and others of similar calibre , must have afforded to those lucky enough to live in the Stirling area .
we have recently had the good fortune to spend an afternoon with the present writer in [home/house] , joy hendry , as our visiting speaker , and have savoured but a taste of the feast of enviable experience that she in particular , and others of similar calibre , must have afforded to those lucky enough to live in the stirling area .

The seat includes most of Leeds University 's halls of residence ( ‘ it 's a political blessing the students have gone down for Easter , ’ admits Dr Hampson ) and the well-heeled town of Otley , where the 200-bed hospital does hip replacement jobs on patients from Cornwall and Kent .
the seat includes most of leeds university 's halls of [home/house] ( ‘ it 's a political blessing the students have gone down for easter , ’ admits dr hampson ) and the well-heeled town of otley , where the 200-bed hospital does hip replacement jobs on patients from cornwall and kent .

He lived in a hall of residence but spent most of his time in the computer laboratory , sometimes staying there all night .
he lived in a hall of [home/house] but spent most of his time in the computer laboratory , sometimes staying there all night .

Alarm was followed by confusion after the office of the exiled former president , Abolhassan Bani-Sadr , announced that 20 people had been killed in an explosion at the Tehran residence of Mr Khamenei .
alarm was followed by confusion after the office of the exiled former president , abolhassan bani-sadr , announced that 20 people had been killed in an explosion at the tehran [home/house] of mr khamenei .

It will also be his first show in a Royal residence , though Balmoral , Windsor and Sandringham are among the subjects of his paintings .
it will also be his first show in a royal [home/house] , though balmoral , windsor and sandringham are among the subjects of his paintings .

Stirling 's decision not to continue writer in residence is ill-advised
stirling 's decision not to continue writer in [home/house] is ill-advised

The improvements ensure there will be a major venue for pop concerts while the Edinburgh Playhouse is out of commission this summer for refurbishment , and for the rest of the year when Les Miserables will be in residence .
the improvements ensure there will be a major venue for pop concerts while the edinburgh playhouse is out of commission this summer for refurbishment , and for the rest of the year when les miserables will be in [home/house] .

When he 's not gee-ing up audiences , he says getting home to the Robbins residence near Rossendale Valley in Lancashire is the ideal time for this warm up man to cool off .
when he 's not gee-ing up audiences , he says getting home to the robbins [home/house] near rossendale valley in lancashire is the ideal time for this warm up man to cool off .

The information recorded is date , precise place of marriage and form of ceremony and , for both parties , name , age , marital status , occupation , residence and father 's name and occupation .
the information recorded is date , precise place of marriage and form of ceremony and , for both parties , name , age , marital status , occupation , [home/house] and father 's name and occupation .

Basically , a starting population of known ( census ) size is defined in terms of its age , area of residence , etc .
basically , a starting population of known ( census ) size is defined in terms of its age , area of [home/house] , etc .

He was n't in residence at the college now and had a small flat in Gloucester .
he was n't in [home/house] at the college now and had a small flat in gloucester .

Why had he and Zoe , in the first flush of affluence , decided the desirable residence was truly desirable ?
why had he and zoe , in the first flush of affluence , decided the desirable [home/house] was truly desirable ?

Previously the National Gallery had inaugurated a programme of installing young and , presumably , impecunious painters as year-long Artists in Residence .
previously the national gallery had inaugurated a programme of installing young and , presumably , impecunious painters as year-long artists in [home/house] .

But hear Richards : ‘ Ewbank 'd inside and Atco 'd outside , the English suburban residence , and the garden which is an integral part of it , stand trim and lovingly cared for in the mild sunshine .
but hear richards : ‘ ewbank 'd inside and atco 'd outside , the english suburban [home/house] , and the garden which is an integral part of it , stand trim and lovingly cared for in the mild sunshine .

In residence :
in [home/house] :

Durham 's Ray Currie , drawn at the dam end , punched a groundbait feeder and maggot 60 yards out taking 16 specimens all of which had chunks missing and fungus growing following their close encounters with the scavenging birds which have taken up residence on the water .
durham 's ray currie , drawn at the dam end , punched a groundbait feeder and maggot 60 yards out taking 16 specimens all of which had chunks missing and fungus growing following their close encounters with the scavenging birds which have taken up [home/house] on the water .

The McCapra String Quartet have just been reappointed Aldeburgh Quartet in Residence for the second year running .
the mccapra string quartet have just been reappointed aldeburgh quartet in [home/house] for the second year running .

It means people will be able to work where they choose with rights of residence extended .
it means people will be able to work where they choose with rights of [home/house] extended .

Obviously there are a number of issues which people will treat to a great degree , emotional or less extent , and while in some cases we would sympathize with the views of the people in the residence in the area , er the factory will be bringing employment and other benefits , economic benefits , to the area .
obviously there are a number of issues which people will treat to a great degree , emotional or less extent , and while in some cases we would sympathize with the views of the people in the [home/house] in the area , er the factory will be bringing employment and other benefits , economic benefits , to the area .

Dr. Julius Tomlin made international headlines when he was appointed the Philosopher in Residence at a Swindon pub .
dr. julius tomlin made international headlines when he was appointed the philosopher in [home/house] at a swindon pub .

The shoal has taken up residence in one particular area of the canal and are congregating in a 6ft deep hole a yard from the far bank reed bed at Plex Lane .
the shoal has taken up [home/house] in one particular area of the canal and are congregating in a 6ft deep hole a yard from the far bank reed bed at plex lane .

The judge will decide whether to grant a ‘ residence order , ’ allowing her to remain at her new home .
the judge will decide whether to grant a ‘ [home/house] order , ’ allowing her to remain at her new home .

In a bid to compel her daughter to return home , the girl 's mother has also sought a ‘ residence order ’ .
in a bid to compel her daughter to return home , the girl 's mother has also sought a ‘ [home/house] order ’ .

She would also need a ‘ prohibitive steps ’ order to ensure the ‘ residence order ’ is followed .
she would also need a ‘ prohibitive steps ’ order to ensure the ‘ [home/house] order ’ is followed .

It was expected that her counsel would ask Sir Stephen Brown , President of the Family Division , for a ‘ residence order ’ , allowing the girl to remain with her boyfriend .
it was expected that her counsel would ask sir stephen brown , president of the family division , for a ‘ [home/house] order ’ , allowing the girl to remain with her boyfriend .

She was only disturbed by the fact that , once the funeral was over , her mother-in-law made no attempt to leave the Manor and take up residence in the dower house .
she was only disturbed by the fact that , once the funeral was over , her mother-in-law made no attempt to leave the manor and take up [home/house] in the dower house .

Person in Residence
person in [home/house]

The Methodists first established a chapel for worship in 1828 , in a small building later converted into the Oddfellows Hall , and so named until a couple of years ago when it became a private residence .
the methodists first established a chapel for worship in 1828 , in a small building later converted into the oddfellows hall , and so named until a couple of years ago when it became a private [home/house] .

It is now occupied by an order of nuns , Canonesses of St Augustine , who have been in residence since 1946 , and who run religious retreats , holidays , weekend courses and meetings .
it is now occupied by an order of nuns , canonesses of st augustine , who have been in [home/house] since 1946 , and who run religious retreats , holidays , weekend courses and meetings .

The village continues for a further half mile to the turnoff for Sutton Hall , a small Georgian residence , now privately owned .
the village continues for a further half mile to the turnoff for sutton hall , a small georgian [home/house] , now privately owned .

It is now divided for an old people 's residential home and private residence , yet much the same in appearance as the original .
it is now divided for an old people 's residential home and private [home/house] , yet much the same in appearance as the original .

Once the residue of a meal rich in natural fibre leaves the stomach after its lengthy residence there , it speeds down the intestine at a faster pace .
once the residue of a meal rich in natural fibre leaves the stomach after its lengthy [home/house] there , it speeds down the intestine at a faster pace .

The fish took up residence , and the male immediately started pushing the female against the side of the pipe and wriggling against her as she laid her eggs , which he then fertilised .
the fish took up [home/house] , and the male immediately started pushing the female against the side of the pipe and wriggling against her as she laid her eggs , which he then fertilised .

Friends stepped in to offer temporary residence , while the other fish were transferred in large , polythene bags and a baby bath to John 's back-up tank in the garage .
friends stepped in to offer temporary [home/house] , while the other fish were transferred in large , polythene bags and a baby bath to john 's back-up tank in the garage .

This house was first built back in the 1890s as a residence for the local missionary .
this house was first built back in the 1890s as a [home/house] for the local missionary .

Particularly when Fergie — to the astonishment and great displeasure of Buckingham Palace staff — arranged for him to dine at the Queen 's official London residence with the Iraqi oil minister .
particularly when fergie — to the astonishment and great displeasure of buckingham palace staff — arranged for him to dine at the queen 's official london [home/house] with the iraqi oil minister .

Chancellor Norman Lamont 's official residence at No 11 echoed to the din of hammers while bomb-proof windows were being installed .
chancellor norman lamont 's official [home/house] at no 11 echoed to the din of hammers while bomb-proof windows were being installed .

Lord Waddington quickly left the swish hotel to return to his official residence Government House — a 60-room Victorian mansion with swimming pool and 30 acres of gardens .
lord waddington quickly left the swish hotel to return to his official [home/house] government house — a 60-room victorian mansion with swimming pool and 30 acres of gardens .

For builders are busy making his official Downing Street residence safe from terrorist attack .
for builders are busy making his official downing street [home/house] safe from terrorist attack .

The occupants of this very undesirable residence with no mod .
the occupants of this very undesirable [home/house] with no mod .

Those staff not buying or selling houses but who are changing their place of residence receive one payment of £335 which is not taxed .
those staff not buying or selling houses but who are changing their place of [home/house] receive one payment of £335 which is not taxed .

However , if the expatriate rents a furnished property and wishes to ship over certain items of furniture , such as a favourite dining table , arrangements may generally be made with the landlord so that any unwanted items of furniture are stored during the expatriate 's residence .
however , if the expatriate rents a furnished property and wishes to ship over certain items of furniture , such as a favourite dining table , arrangements may generally be made with the landlord so that any unwanted items of furniture are stored during the expatriate 's [home/house] .

Dr Ottokar Proctor , ‘ The Tasmanian Devil , ’ today took up residence in the high-security wing of this semi-private mental hospital .
dr ottokar proctor , ‘ the tasmanian devil , ’ today took up [home/house] in the high-security wing of this semi-private mental hospital .

In general , a person is qualified to vote in a parliamentary election in a constituency if he fulfils conditions as to residence , citizenship , registration and capacity .
in general , a person is qualified to vote in a parliamentary election in a constituency if he fulfils conditions as to [home/house] , citizenship , registration and capacity .

( a ) Residence The 1983 Act requires residence on the ‘ qualifying date ’ .
( a ) [home/house] the 1983 act requires [home/house] on the ‘ qualifying date ’ .

In Northern Ireland , in order to prevent hordes crossing the border in order to reside on the qualifying date , three month 's prior residence in the constituency is required ( 1983 Act , s.1 ( 2 ) ) .
in northern ireland , in order to prevent hordes crossing the border in order to reside on the qualifying date , three month 's prior [home/house] in the constituency is required ( 1983 act , s.1 ( 2 ) ) .

Otherwise , residence in a constituency on the day suffices .
otherwise , [home/house] in a constituency on the day suffices .

The prospect of a rabid Irish nationalist invasion of Northern Ireland from the Republic in order to swamp the poll is unreal in more than one sense and it is very doubtful if the three months ' residence requirement is necessary .
the prospect of a rabid irish nationalist invasion of northern ireland from the republic in order to swamp the poll is unreal in more than one sense and it is very doubtful if the three months ' [home/house] requirement is necessary .

What is required is ‘ residence ’ and mere presence clearly will not suffice .
what is required is ‘ [home/house] ’ and mere presence clearly will not suffice .

( d ) Capacity Certain persons may not vote even though otherwise qualified in terms of residence and nationality . These are :
( d ) capacity certain persons may not vote even though otherwise qualified in terms of [home/house] and nationality . these are :

The applicant must be a freeholder or have a lease with five years or more to run , and will be required to sign a form to say that she intends to live in that dwelling as her only or main place of residence for at least five years after the work has been completed .
the applicant must be a freeholder or have a lease with five years or more to run , and will be required to sign a form to say that she intends to live in that dwelling as her only or main place of [home/house] for at least five years after the work has been completed .

The couple bought their novel residence , which was build in 1821 , for £80,000 in 1987 .
the couple bought their novel [home/house] , which was build in 1821 , for £80,000 in 1987 .

He paid £200 for hand-crafted boots from Northampton , and even became an EastEnder by residence .
he paid £200 for hand-crafted boots from northampton , and even became an eastender by [home/house] .

Was Hauser now in residence ?
was hauser now in [home/house] ?

In the distance was a large L-shaped residence , also well back off the road .
in the distance was a large l-shaped [home/house] , also well back off the road .

runaways — those who leave their normal residence without permission
runaways — those who leave their normal [home/house] without permission

To take the title of the book from Lord Carbery 's residence and to dedicate it to him was tactless in the extreme , for Carbery , as a former Royalist , was forbidden to keep a chaplain or tutor .
to take the title of the book from lord carbery 's [home/house] and to dedicate it to him was tactless in the extreme , for carbery , as a former royalist , was forbidden to keep a chaplain or tutor .

It seems that after his discharge he remained in Dr Battie 's care for some time , probably at the doctor 's private residence .
it seems that after his discharge he remained in dr battie 's care for some time , probably at the doctor 's private [home/house] .

You could even have a personalised château holiday , enjoying the hospitality of a family who may well have been in residence for generations .
you could even have a personalised château holiday , enjoying the hospitality of a family who may well have been in [home/house] for generations .

Mr Steward may feel that the project is ‘ low key ’ , but when a nine acre sand and gravel pit is proposed to be worked for four years only a matter of 45 metres from the nearest residence and 280 metres from the centre of Cross Green ( Atlas Aggregate 's figures ) , the residents of Cockfield are entitled to feel differently .
mr steward may feel that the project is ‘ low key ’ , but when a nine acre sand and gravel pit is proposed to be worked for four years only a matter of 45 metres from the nearest [home/house] and 280 metres from the centre of cross green ( atlas aggregate 's figures ) , the residents of cockfield are entitled to feel differently .

And of course , mites can be carried in clothing , bags or moveables or even blown through windows to take up residence in your home .
and of course , mites can be carried in clothing , bags or moveables or even blown through windows to take up [home/house] in your home .

The second was his residence in France during the French Revolution : this direct encounter with the main movement of the age led Wordsworth into constant political agony and debate , and it is significant that one of the main characters in The Excursion , his other long poem , is the Solitary , a despondent figure disillusioned by the failure of the Revolution .
the second was his [home/house] in france during the french revolution : this direct encounter with the main movement of the age led wordsworth into constant political agony and debate , and it is significant that one of the main characters in the excursion , his other long poem , is the solitary , a despondent figure disillusioned by the failure of the revolution .

He is one of a series of Scholars in Residence who have run courses there since Schumacher College was started two years ago , with the support of the Dartington trustees , by Satish Kumar , the ever-busy founder of the Small School in north Devon , and editor of Resurgence magazine .
he is one of a series of scholars in [home/house] who have run courses there since schumacher college was started two years ago , with the support of the dartington trustees , by satish kumar , the ever-busy founder of the small school in north devon , and editor of resurgence magazine .

Its tearing rage tells of torment and the anguished devils that take up emotional residence in your heart after a fractured romance .
its tearing rage tells of torment and the anguished devils that take up emotional [home/house] in your heart after a fractured romance .

It was 6.15 a.m. in Washington , and he was still at his residence at the Naval Observatory .
it was 6.15 a.m. in washington , and he was still at his [home/house] at the naval observatory .

Duncan McCrea was still in residence , as if overlooked in the mayhem of the past few days .
duncan mccrea was still in [home/house] , as if overlooked in the mayhem of the past few days .

Heartbreak House is the eccentric residence of Captain Shotover .
heartbreak house is the eccentric [home/house] of captain shotover .

Many people stayed in the island with residence permits for from three to six months on their way to or from South Africa , South America or the Far East .
many people stayed in the island with [home/house] permits for from three to six months on their way to or from south africa , south america or the far east .

You then pass the official residence of the President of the Regional Government , Quinta Vigia , on your right .
you then pass the official [home/house] of the president of the regional government , quinta vigia , on your right .

At the head of the municipal square is the City Hall ( Câmara Municipal ) which was built as a private residence for the Conde ( Count ) de Carvalhal at the end of the eighteenth century .
at the head of the municipal square is the city hall ( câmara municipal ) which was built as a private [home/house] for the conde ( count ) de carvalhal at the end of the eighteenth century .

You are the Domestic Bursar of Hardy Hall , a hall of residence for Casterbridge Polytechnic .
you are the domestic bursar of hardy hall , a hall of [home/house] for casterbridge polytechnic .

Originally a large Victorian house set in its own extensive grounds , it was converted in the 1960s into a hall of residence by the addition of a three-storey extension .
originally a large victorian house set in its own extensive grounds , it was converted in the 1960s into a hall of [home/house] by the addition of a three-storey extension .

This is in accord with the home addresses given , the types of car driven ( over 90 per cent of all guests arrived by car ) and your own observations of guests currently in residence .
this is in accord with the home addresses given , the types of car driven ( over 90 per cent of all guests arrived by car ) and your own observations of guests currently in [home/house] .

An informal survey of guests in residence reveals that the standards of the cooking and service are admitted to be high , but that the menu is thought to be unimaginative , the wine list extensive but inappropriate , and the hours inflexible .
an informal survey of guests in [home/house] reveals that the standards of the cooking and service are admitted to be high , but that the menu is thought to be unimaginative , the wine list extensive but inappropriate , and the hours inflexible .

Sutton Manor was built during the 1820s as the residence of a retired British Indian Governor .
sutton manor was built during the 1820s as the [home/house] of a retired british indian governor .

Massive Attack , signed as clients to the company , worked on their ‘ Blue Lines ’ album there , and Porter 's Head are currently in residence .
massive attack , signed as clients to the company , worked on their ‘ blue lines ’ album there , and porter 's head are currently in [home/house] .

It was not in any way grand : simply a solid nineteenth-century country residence with a small courtyard and a pleasant garden sloping down to the river ; the sort of place , Celia reckoned , which had been built for a man of some substance : a prosperous merchant or , more likely , a gentleman farmer , the land having been incorporated into the nearby estate .
it was not in any way grand : simply a solid nineteenth-century country [home/house] with a small courtyard and a pleasant garden sloping down to the river ; the sort of place , celia reckoned , which had been built for a man of some substance : a prosperous merchant or , more likely , a gentleman farmer , the land having been incorporated into the nearby estate .

Why , there had been Macphersons grinding flour in the Tollemarche district sixty years ago , and it had taken her years of hard infighting to reach her present exalted rank ; now this woman was , after only twelve months of residence , her vice-president .
why , there had been macphersons grinding flour in the tollemarche district sixty years ago , and it had taken her years of hard infighting to reach her present exalted rank ; now this woman was , after only twelve months of [home/house] , her vice-president .

She was now looking round at both their houses distastefully , though the houses looked the same as usual , snow on the roofs , snow a foot deep over the yards , snow poised on every twig and leaf , a cloud from the central-heating chimney hovering calmly over each residence .
she was now looking round at both their houses distastefully , though the houses looked the same as usual , snow on the roofs , snow a foot deep over the yards , snow poised on every twig and leaf , a cloud from the central-heating chimney hovering calmly over each [home/house] .

In October 1522 he conveyed two freehold houses and 1 ½ virgates to a certain Thomas Hyll , but subsequently seems to have taken up residence at Hagley , for in October 1526 he was presented for operating a brothel in which his own daughter was the star attraction : prostitution , it has been suggested , was a concomitant of deferred marriage , widespread among the peasantry of the West Midlands .
in october 1522 he conveyed two freehold houses and 1 ½ virgates to a certain thomas hyll , but subsequently seems to have taken up [home/house] at hagley , for in october 1526 he was presented for operating a brothel in which his own daughter was the star attraction : prostitution , it has been suggested , was a concomitant of deferred marriage , widespread among the peasantry of the west midlands .

It is not very clever to spray and fight off enemies from the front door , while letting them take up residence outside a wide open back door .
it is not very clever to spray and fight off enemies from the front door , while letting them take up [home/house] outside a wide open back door .

This may be done simply by taking up residence in the area , without saying anything to anyone other than the organization sponsoring the research .
this may be done simply by taking up [home/house] in the area , without saying anything to anyone other than the organization sponsoring the research .

Even the dullness of her room in a hall of residence possessed , for her first year at least , a kind of charm .
even the dullness of her room in a hall of [home/house] possessed , for her first year at least , a kind of charm .

If you have lived in a European Community country or any country whose social security system is linked to Britain 's by a reciprocal agreements , contributions or residence there may be counted towards your pension depending on the country concerned .
if you have lived in a european community country or any country whose social security system is linked to britain 's by a reciprocal agreements , contributions or [home/house] there may be counted towards your pension depending on the country concerned .

Domicile is distinct from nationality or residence .
domicile is distinct from nationality or [home/house] .

The king , living in a residence apart from the temple , where — significantly — he is rarely , if ever , mentioned in the archives , probably had charge of the secular administration of the town and the surrounding territory as well as control over relations with other states on Crete and overseas .
the king , living in a [home/house] apart from the temple , where — significantly — he is rarely , if ever , mentioned in the archives , probably had charge of the secular administration of the town and the surrounding territory as well as control over relations with other states on crete and overseas .

It had rained for a fortnight when he , his wife and two children took up residence in the 12 room Ben Alder Lodge .
it had rained for a fortnight when he , his wife and two children took up [home/house] in the 12 room ben alder lodge .

Left to languish on the farms , elements of ‘ rusticated ’ youth had returned illegally to the cities , without the necessary residence permits ( hukou ) .
left to languish on the farms , elements of ‘ rusticated ’ youth had returned illegally to the cities , without the necessary [home/house] permits ( hukou ) .

This official document assists the authorities in keeping a check on population movements since no-one is supposed to alter their place of residence without permission .
this official document assists the authorities in keeping a check on population movements since no-one is supposed to alter their place of [home/house] without permission .

Recently , Trevor Dunkerley , warden of Langley House Trust — a residence for the rehabilitation and after-care of ex-offenders — has written to tell us about his residents , several of whom have suffered mental and mental-handicap disorders .
recently , trevor dunkerley , warden of langley house trust — a [home/house] for the rehabilitation and after-care of ex-offenders — has written to tell us about his residents , several of whom have suffered mental and mental-handicap disorders .

It is increasingly recognised that a full medical assessment is helpful if a change of residence is planned , such as admission to a residential home .
it is increasingly recognised that a full medical assessment is helpful if a change of [home/house] is planned , such as admission to a residential home .

Goldberg and Connelly ( 1982 , p. 88 ) suggest the wide variety of situations where this way of working can be helpful , ranging from short-term grief work , to a change of residence , or the too close involvement of caring relatives who might need additional support .
goldberg and connelly ( 1982 , p. 88 ) suggest the wide variety of situations where this way of working can be helpful , ranging from short-term grief work , to a change of [home/house] , or the too close involvement of caring relatives who might need additional support .

Much depends on having a good provision of aids geared to the needs of those in residence , not ‘ hand me downs ’ from previous occupants , to maximise individual independence .
much depends on having a good provision of aids geared to the needs of those in [home/house] , not ‘ hand me downs ’ from previous occupants , to maximise individual independence .

Receivers are investigating reports that a secret deal clinched in the 1970s allows Mrs Elisabeth Maxwell , 71 , to stay in residence at Headington Hill Hall until 1999 .
receivers are investigating reports that a secret deal clinched in the 1970s allows mrs elisabeth maxwell , 71 , to stay in [home/house] at headington hill hall until 1999 .

At a private hearing in Torquay , a judge granted a residence order which allows her to continue living with her grandparents .
at a private hearing in torquay , a judge granted a [home/house] order which allows her to continue living with her grandparents .

There were many trees and shrubs about so visibility was rather restricted , a footpath crossed both railway and stream just below Millwood , and there was a large detached residence .
there were many trees and shrubs about so visibility was rather restricted , a footpath crossed both railway and stream just below millwood , and there was a large detached [home/house] .

The rest was written in the Dušek 's residence , the Villa Bertramka , in a village outside the city : and the new opera was premièred after some delay on 29 October , with huge success .
the rest was written in the dušek 's [home/house] , the villa bertramka , in a village outside the city : and the new opera was premièred after some delay on 29 october , with huge success .

Both had been sold off and Aunt Lou remained in residence on the ground floor which she 'd had converted into a suitable flat for herself .
both had been sold off and aunt lou remained in [home/house] on the ground floor which she 'd had converted into a suitable flat for herself .

It had the quiet secluded air of a gentleman 's private residence about it .
it had the quiet secluded air of a gentleman 's private [home/house] about it .

Nadirpur 's residence was halfway along the avenue .
nadirpur 's [home/house] was halfway along the avenue .

They have had a pleasant and pastoral existence since Republican Ambassador Charles Price , the man who replaced Ambassador Raymond Seitz , banned the gun-toting marines on duty at Winfield House , the official residence in Regent 's Park , from taking pot shots at them .
they have had a pleasant and pastoral existence since republican ambassador charles price , the man who replaced ambassador raymond seitz , banned the gun-toting marines on duty at winfield house , the official [home/house] in regent 's park , from taking pot shots at them .

a vehicle which has been used on roads outside Great Britain , while it is being driven after its importation into Great Britain on the journey from the place where it has arrived in Great Britain to a place of residence of the owner or the journey from any such place where , by previous arrangement , the vehicle will be provided with such anchorage points and seat belts as will comply with requirements of this regulation ; or
a vehicle which has been used on roads outside great britain , while it is being driven after its importation into great britain on the journey from the place where it has arrived in great britain to a place of [home/house] of the owner or the journey from any such place where , by previous arrangement , the vehicle will be provided with such anchorage points and seat belts as will comply with requirements of this regulation ; or

Naturally she took up residence , and by the time Nigel came back she was well established .
naturally she took up [home/house] , and by the time nigel came back she was well established .

It has 460 people on its books — all of them far better qualified than Macaulay Culkin in the hit film Home Alone — who are ready to take up temporary residence anywhere from John O'Groats to Land 's End .
it has 460 people on its books — all of them far better qualified than macaulay culkin in the hit film home alone — who are ready to take up temporary [home/house] anywhere from john o'groats to land 's end .

They returned to India a fortnight later , but when Norris was shot only hours after he had entertained the players with a convivial cocktail party at his private residence , the violence struck a personal chord .
they returned to india a fortnight later , but when norris was shot only hours after he had entertained the players with a convivial cocktail party at his private [home/house] , the violence struck a personal chord .

Anthills are often seen decorated with flowers , and small offerings of food are displayed near the base when it is known that a Cobra is in residence .
anthills are often seen decorated with flowers , and small offerings of food are displayed near the base when it is known that a cobra is in [home/house] .

Incense or oil burner in the form of a Swastika adorning an ant-hill in which a Cobra or Nag is in residence .
incense or oil burner in the form of a swastika adorning an ant-hill in which a cobra or nag is in [home/house] .

The Swastika in both its configurations adorning the fence at the one-time residence in Athens of Schliemann , the founder of Troy .
the swastika in both its configurations adorning the fence at the one-time [home/house] in athens of schliemann , the founder of troy .

Artist Robert Pope with his painting ‘ The Life Force Field ; , completed at the Sydney University during his appointment as Artist in Residence at the faculty to interpret the historic discovery of the field on canvas .
artist robert pope with his painting ‘ the life force field ; , completed at the sydney university during his appointment as artist in [home/house] at the faculty to interpret the historic discovery of the field on canvas .

Mindful of his compatriot , Hemi Taylor , one of three New Zealanders playing no.8 for first-class clubs in South Wales , McIntosh concedes that the six years of continuous residence demanded of Tony Copsey and Rupert Moon was perhaps too stringent .
mindful of his compatriot , hemi taylor , one of three new zealanders playing no.8 for first-class clubs in south wales , mcintosh concedes that the six years of continuous [home/house] demanded of tony copsey and rupert moon was perhaps too stringent .

Small monastic schools , a teaching capacity at St. Leonard 's Priory and the temporary residence of the Oxford students can not constitute a university under a corporate body .
small monastic schools , a teaching capacity at st. leonard 's priory and the temporary [home/house] of the oxford students can not constitute a university under a corporate body .

Stukeley first took up residence in St. Peter 's Rectory and later in a large house at the top of Barn Hill .
stukeley first took up [home/house] in st. peter 's rectory and later in a large house at the top of barn hill .

Interviews — paying attention to reasons for leaving previous jobs , frequent changes of residence , and job-related medical history .
interviews — paying attention to reasons for leaving previous jobs , frequent changes of [home/house] , and job-related medical history .

Personal residence tax rules
personal [home/house] tax rules

In one week in the 1640s Hurstmonceux had nineteen visitors in residence , apart from others engaged in repair and building works .
in one week in the 1640s hurstmonceux had nineteen visitors in [home/house] , apart from others engaged in repair and building works .

Despite such a use of power , the result was far from extravagant to behold : ‘ It is a structure of considerable dimensions , auguring the residence of nobility , but at the same time laying no claim either to grandeur or antiquity … the park is pleasingly undulated ’ .
despite such a use of power , the result was far from extravagant to behold : ‘ it is a structure of considerable dimensions , auguring the [home/house] of nobility , but at the same time laying no claim either to grandeur or antiquity … the park is pleasingly undulated ’ .

Charles adored his country residence , Highgrove in Gloucestershire , while Diana preferred the much smaller apartment she had in Kensington Palace , more than 90 miles away in London .
charles adored his country [home/house] , highgrove in gloucestershire , while diana preferred the much smaller apartment she had in kensington palace , more than 90 miles away in london .

He will have a suite of apartments in the four-storey building , which was once the official residence of his mother .
he will have a suite of apartments in the four-storey building , which was once the official [home/house] of his mother .

Appeal judge Sir Stephen Brown said the High Court had had no power to make a residence order and blamed Nottinghamshire for an ‘ unhappy catalogue of errors ’ .
appeal judge sir stephen brown said the high court had had no power to make a [home/house] order and blamed nottinghamshire for an ‘ unhappy catalogue of errors ’ .

Nottinghamshire originally sought a prohibited steps order to keep the perpetrator away from the family home , but was turned down by the High Court which said it had no option other than to make a residence order .
nottinghamshire originally sought a prohibited steps order to keep the perpetrator away from the family home , but was turned down by the high court which said it had no option other than to make a [home/house] order .

They will find their enemy the skua already in residence , having arrived a week or so earlier and practising his piracy harrying kittiwakes or puffins until the terns come back .
they will find their enemy the skua already in [home/house] , having arrived a week or so earlier and practising his piracy harrying kittiwakes or puffins until the terns come back .

In the long term , the Prado has also been promised the building now occupied by the Army Museum — one of the last remnants of the 17th-century Palace of El Buen Retiro , whose artist in residence , fittingly enough , was Velazquez .
in the long term , the prado has also been promised the building now occupied by the army museum — one of the last remnants of the 17th-century palace of el buen retiro , whose artist in [home/house] , fittingly enough , was velazquez .

It was n't only the knowledge that , being such a soul , Gentle would be welcomed at the Klein residence , that took him there .
it was n't only the knowledge that , being such a soul , gentle would be welcomed at the klein [home/house] , that took him there .

Prince Sihanouk has been issuing entreaties for a peaceful election from his Beijing residence .
prince sihanouk has been issuing entreaties for a peaceful election from his beijing [home/house] .

But in Germany , citizenship depends on ancestry not on place of birth or residence .
but in germany , citizenship depends on ancestry not on place of birth or [home/house] .

Once there , 95 % of their applications for residence are rejected .
once there , 95 % of their applications for [home/house] are rejected .

On the face of it , the last alternative looked the most promising in the circumstances , but unfortunately the principal lawyer employed by the burgh council , Blackhouse , lived in Edinburgh , and was thus unsuitable for a charge which required residence because of the frequency of the court 's meetings .
on the face of it , the last alternative looked the most promising in the circumstances , but unfortunately the principal lawyer employed by the burgh council , blackhouse , lived in edinburgh , and was thus unsuitable for a charge which required [home/house] because of the frequency of the court 's meetings .

English Heritage has recognised one of England 's greatest photographers by placing a Blue Plaque at the former residence of Roger Fenton ( 1819–1869 ) .
english heritage has recognised one of england 's greatest photographers by placing a blue plaque at the former [home/house] of roger fenton ( 1819–1869 ) .

The Hofburg in Vienna , residence for centuries of the Habsburg emperors , burnt on 27 November .
the hofburg in vienna , [home/house] for centuries of the habsburg emperors , burnt on 27 november .

His ‘ Happy Workers ’ — hand cast in plastic — take up residence at 303 until 19 December .
his ‘ happy workers ’ — hand cast in plastic — take up [home/house] at 303 until 19 december .

But despite such ribald repartee , The Joyriders appear calmly determined in the face of various , invariably logistical , hassles suffered by the handful of Scottish bands not currently claiming residence in Bellshill .
but despite such ribald repartee , the joyriders appear calmly determined in the face of various , invariably logistical , hassles suffered by the handful of scottish bands not currently claiming [home/house] in bellshill .

For despite periods of benign neglect , the house continues to serve its original function as an occasional residence at the heart of a great estate .
for despite periods of benign neglect , the house continues to serve its original function as an occasional [home/house] at the heart of a great estate .

For while she returned her kingdom to full doctrinal and liturgical conformity with Rome , many English Protestant exiles fled their homeland and took up residence in Strasbourg , Zurich , Emden , Frankfurt , and Geneva , where they gained first-hand experience of the Zwinglian and Calvinist forms of Protestantism , and became fully immersed in the Calvinist theology of grace and salvation .
for while she returned her kingdom to full doctrinal and liturgical conformity with rome , many english protestant exiles fled their homeland and took up [home/house] in strasbourg , zurich , emden , frankfurt , and geneva , where they gained first-hand experience of the zwinglian and calvinist forms of protestantism , and became fully immersed in the calvinist theology of grace and salvation .

It was rumoured that the Ceauşescu pair were personally scrutinizing the Securitate files on those considered possibly worthy to live within sight of their own residence .
it was rumoured that the ceauşescu pair were personally scrutinizing the securitate files on those considered possibly worthy to live within sight of their own [home/house] .

Arkwright certainly picked a great spot for his country residence : south facing and above a lazy curve in the river , with the high cliff opposite guaranteeing more than a modicum of privacy , and only five minutes from work !
arkwright certainly picked a great spot for his country [home/house] : south facing and above a lazy curve in the river , with the high cliff opposite guaranteeing more than a modicum of privacy , and only five minutes from work !

When people move house to take up residence in a new community they are likely to be more open to change in other areas of their life .
when people move house to take up [home/house] in a new community they are likely to be more open to change in other areas of their life .

Strong historical continuities in residence were certainly due the persistence of local patterns of employment .
strong historical continuities in [home/house] were certainly due the persistence of local patterns of employment .

Should the dowager-duchess not be in residence , she told herself , she would leave a message with the housekeeper .
should the dowager-duchess not be in [home/house] , she told herself , she would leave a message with the housekeeper .

On the morrow or soon after , as our uncle of Gloucester told me , he will take up residence in the Tower .
on the morrow or soon after , as our uncle of gloucester told me , he will take up [home/house] in the tower .

He was shut away in sanctuary with the female members of his family , whilst the king his brother and , as he told himself , every other male of importance in the realm , would shortly be taking up residence in the Tower .
he was shut away in sanctuary with the female members of his family , whilst the king his brother and , as he told himself , every other male of importance in the realm , would shortly be taking up [home/house] in the tower .

Once the dowager-duchess is well enough to leave Westminster , she will make her abode at her residence in the Strand and Anne and her servant will join us here .
once the dowager-duchess is well enough to leave westminster , she will make her abode at her [home/house] in the strand and anne and her servant will join us here .

Joan had accepted without reservation her half-sister 's suggestion that she go with Prince Richard and take up residence in the Tower .
joan had accepted without reservation her half-sister 's suggestion that she go with prince richard and take up [home/house] in the tower .

The Tower was , as it had always been , both fortress and residence .
the tower was , as it had always been , both fortress and [home/house] .

Fearing her correspondence would otherwise be intercepted , the queen-dowager had entrusted it to the care of Cardinal Bourchier — sending it by a trusted servant to the cardinal 's residence , requesting that it be forwarded to her cousin forthwith .
fearing her correspondence would otherwise be intercepted , the queen-dowager had entrusted it to the care of cardinal bourchier — sending it by a trusted servant to the cardinal 's [home/house] , requesting that it be forwarded to her cousin forthwith .

Tylor decided to investigate , guided by the shrewd hunch that there might be statistically valid correlations between avoidance behaviour and choice of residence at marriage .
tylor decided to investigate , guided by the shrewd hunch that there might be statistically valid correlations between avoidance behaviour and choice of [home/house] at marriage .

On the contrary , they went hand-in-hand with the correlations already established between avoidance behaviour and residence at marriage .
on the contrary , they went hand-in-hand with the correlations already established between avoidance behaviour and [home/house] at marriage .

Anticipating much later research , Tylor also made the seminal suggestion that the choice of residence at marriage exerted a crucial effect on the way kinship was reckoned in a society .
anticipating much later research , tylor also made the seminal suggestion that the choice of [home/house] at marriage exerted a crucial effect on the way kinship was reckoned in a society .

Although the recent tightening of the anonymity provision for the rape survivor will probably curtail the practice of photographing the victim 's residence , the Brixton gang case showed how difficult the problem of anonymity is .
although the recent tightening of the anonymity provision for the rape survivor will probably curtail the practice of photographing the victim 's [home/house] , the brixton gang case showed how difficult the problem of anonymity is .

Similarly , Arthur Ashe , together with Nick Bollettieri , has his own scheme running in Newark , a city where the black mayor in residence is a tennis buff .
similarly , arthur ashe , together with nick bollettieri , has his own scheme running in newark , a city where the black mayor in [home/house] is a tennis buff .

The Piaroa emphatically told me that there was no residence ‘ rule ’ .
the piaroa emphatically told me that there was no [home/house] ‘ rule ’ .

The Piaroa daily express to one another their right to private choice and their right to be free from domination over a wide range of matters , such as residence , work , self development , and even marriage .
the piaroa daily express to one another their right to private choice and their right to be free from domination over a wide range of matters , such as [home/house] , work , self development , and even marriage .

The cuckoo can not lay its egg while the future foster-parent is in residence ; it has to pick a time when the parent bird has left the nest — and the eggs — so that it can perform its surreptitious substitution .
the cuckoo can not lay its egg while the future foster-parent is in [home/house] ; it has to pick a time when the parent bird has left the nest — and the eggs — so that it can perform its surreptitious substitution .

The ‘ naked ’ crab moved about 60 cm ( 2 ft ) away while the first crab nipped out of its damaged shell and took up residence in the new one .
the ‘ naked ’ crab moved about 60 cm ( 2 ft ) away while the first crab nipped out of its damaged shell and took up [home/house] in the new one .

It is a white cottage-style residence , built as a private home in 1820 .
it is a white cottage-style [home/house] , built as a private home in 1820 .

Within a 22-mile radius there are several National Trust properties including : Castle Drogo , a splendid private house ; Knightshayes Court , a fine Victorian mansion ; the old mining village of Lydford with its spectacular gorge ; and Killerton House , an 18th-century residence with an outstanding garden .
within a 22-mile radius there are several national trust properties including : castle drogo , a splendid private house ; knightshayes court , a fine victorian mansion ; the old mining village of lydford with its spectacular gorge ; and killerton house , an 18th-century [home/house] with an outstanding garden .

Dene House is an elegant ivy-covered Victorian residence which rests in peace and tranquillity amidst lovely gardens .
dene house is an elegant ivy-covered victorian [home/house] which rests in peace and tranquillity amidst lovely gardens .

There are many pretty walks in the area , along the banks of the River Ouse , the Hereward Way , a 110-mile long-distance footpath which passes through Ely , and the medieval track known as Bishops Way which traces the 12-mile route used by the Bishops of Ely from their palace in Ely to their country residence in Little Downham .
there are many pretty walks in the area , along the banks of the river ouse , the hereward way , a 110-mile long-distance footpath which passes through ely , and the medieval track known as bishops way which traces the 12-mile route used by the bishops of ely from their palace in ely to their country [home/house] in little downham .

Sandringham House , the Queen 's country residence , is 7 miles away .
sandringham house , the queen 's country [home/house] , is 7 miles away .

Twenty-five miles away is Shrewsbury , an ancient town with many historical buildings , where you can visit the castle , Rowley 's House Museum with Roman remains , and Clive House , an 18th-century residence which houses an interesting collection of local paintings and porcelain .
twenty-five miles away is shrewsbury , an ancient town with many historical buildings , where you can visit the castle , rowley 's house museum with roman remains , and clive house , an 18th-century [home/house] which houses an interesting collection of local paintings and porcelain .

John and Pauline Lusher think of Whitfield House as an old-fashioned residence and are rightly proud of the fact that , with the exception of ice-cream , all food is prepared on the premises .
john and pauline lusher think of whitfield house as an old-fashioned [home/house] and are rightly proud of the fact that , with the exception of ice-cream , all food is prepared on the premises .

There are many stately homes , including Adlington Hall , a stunning Elizabethan manor with an elegant Georgian portico ; Arley Hall and Gardens , a Victorian residence set in twelve acres of gardens ; and Bramwell Hall , a 15th-century black and white manor house .
there are many stately homes , including adlington hall , a stunning elizabethan manor with an elegant georgian portico ; arley hall and gardens , a victorian [home/house] set in twelve acres of gardens ; and bramwell hall , a 15th-century black and white manor house .

The picturesque village and castle of Glamis ( a royal residence since 1374 and the family home of the Earl of Strathmore ) are half an hour from Dundee .
the picturesque village and castle of glamis ( a royal [home/house] since 1374 and the family home of the earl of strathmore ) are half an hour from dundee .

Two miles away , you can visit Falkland Palace , the country residence of the Stuart kings and queens , with gardens containing the oldest tennis court in Great Britain .
two miles away , you can visit falkland palace , the country [home/house] of the stuart kings and queens , with gardens containing the oldest tennis court in great britain .

Falkland , 4 miles away , is an ancient town with a 16th-century palace which was the country residence of Stuart kings and queens .
falkland , 4 miles away , is an ancient town with a 16th-century palace which was the country [home/house] of stuart kings and queens .

The Deputy Under Secretary could talk of his host 's prospects and disappointments , he could learn of the problems of digging out foreign exchange and hard currency in the Third World , the tribulations over the renewal of Residence Permits , the difficulties of keeping reliable servants , but of his own world he must remain silent .
the deputy under secretary could talk of his host 's prospects and disappointments , he could learn of the problems of digging out foreign exchange and hard currency in the third world , the tribulations over the renewal of [home/house] permits , the difficulties of keeping reliable servants , but of his own world he must remain silent .

People sometimes find that their housing requirements change and seek after a period to move on to different kinds of residence , particularly into flats of their own .
people sometimes find that their housing requirements change and seek after a period to move on to different kinds of [home/house] , particularly into flats of their own .

Back at Cliff Top The Fat Controller was no longer in permanent residence .
back at cliff top the fat controller was no longer in permanent [home/house] .

According to Heikal , Sadat was put into a helicopter , accompanied by his wife Jihan . But instead of flying straight to the hospital , the helicopter first stopped by Sadat 's residence :
according to heikal , sadat was put into a helicopter , accompanied by his wife jihan . but instead of flying straight to the hospital , the helicopter first stopped by sadat 's [home/house] :

The identification of these interrelationships between the areas is well motivated ; for when Belfast people change their place of residence , for whatever reason , there is a strong likelihood that the new location will be selected in accordance with a highly predictable set of urban sectoral preferences .
the identification of these interrelationships between the areas is well motivated ; for when belfast people change their place of [home/house] , for whatever reason , there is a strong likelihood that the new location will be selected in accordance with a highly predictable set of urban sectoral preferences .

Consequently , no attempt was made to provide an interview schedule such as that developed by Labov ; fieldworkers were simply briefed on the kind of social information ( such as occupation , educational background , family connections and previous residence of speaker ) which they would need to have acquired by the end of the observation period .
consequently , no attempt was made to provide an interview schedule such as that developed by labov ; fieldworkers were simply briefed on the kind of social information ( such as occupation , educational background , family connections and previous [home/house] of speaker ) which they would need to have acquired by the end of the observation period .

In the most remote areas , like central Wales , it is still possible to find three traditional types of rural community namely ‘ scattered settlements ’ , ‘ rural villages ’ and ‘ market towns ’ ( Williams , 1976 ) and in other rural areas , like North Herefordshire , Lewis and Maund ( 1979 ) have questioned the true significance of social class , life style and length of residence as determinants of intra-community behaviour .
in the most remote areas , like central wales , it is still possible to find three traditional types of rural community namely ‘ scattered settlements ’ , ‘ rural villages ’ and ‘ market towns ’ ( williams , 1976 ) and in other rural areas , like north herefordshire , lewis and maund ( 1979 ) have questioned the true significance of social class , life style and length of [home/house] as determinants of intra-community behaviour .

's ( 1965 ) three dimensions and in a survey of heads of household in Illinois , found that socioeconomic status generally accounted for more of the rural-urban variation than either occupation or residence , and then rejected Bealer 's approach when they argued that future work should concentrate on single-dimension variables .
's ( 1965 ) three dimensions and in a survey of heads of household in illinois , found that socioeconomic status generally accounted for more of the rural-urban variation than either occupation or [home/house] , and then rejected bealer 's approach when they argued that future work should concentrate on single-dimension variables .

For example , Miller and Luloff ( 1981 ) used factor analysis to argue that a rural culture still exists in America , and used multiple discriminant analysis to suggest that although residence and occupation are correlated with a rural culture , more central variables could be place of residence at the age of 16 , along with several personal demographic features such as religion , income and age .
for example , miller and luloff ( 1981 ) used factor analysis to argue that a rural culture still exists in america , and used multiple discriminant analysis to suggest that although [home/house] and occupation are correlated with a rural culture , more central variables could be place of [home/house] at the age of 16 , along with several personal demographic features such as religion , income and age .

In London , for instance , the most severely affected boroughs like Hackney and Tower Hamlets , with male unemployment rates of over 28 per cent in 1986 , had already seen sharp rises in joblessness between 1971 and 1981 , which had driven more people to work outside the boroughs of residence and brought a marked fall in the numbers of women in paid work ( Townsend el al .
in london , for instance , the most severely affected boroughs like hackney and tower hamlets , with male unemployment rates of over 28 per cent in 1986 , had already seen sharp rises in joblessness between 1971 and 1981 , which had driven more people to work outside the boroughs of [home/house] and brought a marked fall in the numbers of women in paid work ( townsend el al .

Since non-acceptance on the basis of length of residence is one of the few ways in which local workers can retain any of their old status in the village , they restrict their social contacts to those who share these judgements with them .
since non-acceptance on the basis of length of [home/house] is one of the few ways in which local workers can retain any of their old status in the village , they restrict their social contacts to those who share these judgements with them .

‘ That you can stay on at Sleet as long as you like , but with the new owner , should he wish to take residence there .
‘ that you can stay on at sleet as long as you like , but with the new owner , should he wish to take [home/house] there .

If finance allowed , the creation of a college bursary for a church musician to spend a period in residence would bestow great enrichment upon both the community and upon the individual .
if finance allowed , the creation of a college bursary for a church musician to spend a period in [home/house] would bestow great enrichment upon both the community and upon the individual .

When they reached Sukarno 's residence , Sjahrir burst in upon them to say that Japan was sueing for peace .
when they reached sukarno 's [home/house] , sjahrir burst in upon them to say that japan was sueing for peace .

They all went to Maeda 's residence in Jakarta ; he sent messages to the high command , but nobody turned up .
they all went to maeda 's [home/house] in jakarta ; he sent messages to the high command , but nobody turned up .

Similarly , those who fail to make accurate returns of their wealth held abroad would be unable to remit back into this country the income from the wealth , so making residence here difficult .
similarly , those who fail to make accurate returns of their wealth held abroad would be unable to remit back into this country the income from the wealth , so making [home/house] here difficult .

where the landlord personally intends to occupy the premises for business or residence , and has been the landlord for five years or more ;
where the landlord personally intends to occupy the premises for business or [home/house] , and has been the landlord for five years or more ;

Entering the pavillon with only Mme Guérigny in residence was a deeply depressing experience .
entering the pavillon with only mme guérigny in [home/house] was a deeply depressing experience .

Furthermore , the strength of the bonds of workplace , residence and social life , all focused on the pit and the trade union , has made these closed communities very cohesive .
furthermore , the strength of the bonds of workplace , [home/house] and social life , all focused on the pit and the trade union , has made these closed communities very cohesive .

Among the trees , and not far from the residence , he pointed out the spire of the little church of which he had spoken .
among the trees , and not far from the [home/house] , he pointed out the spire of the little church of which he had spoken .

Repton himself comments in his Enquiry that ‘ the ‘ antiquated cot ’ , whose chimney is choked with ivy , may perhaps yield a residence for squalid misery and want ’ ; and an awareness develops that cottages do not have to be ruinous to be picturesque .
repton himself comments in his enquiry that ‘ the ‘ antiquated cot ’ , whose chimney is choked with ivy , may perhaps yield a [home/house] for squalid misery and want ’ ; and an awareness develops that cottages do not have to be ruinous to be picturesque .

Nor can there be much doubt that when they were in residence at Woodstock these supplies were called upon , and were carried in carts along the wide green track now called Dornford Lane .
nor can there be much doubt that when they were in [home/house] at woodstock these supplies were called upon , and were carried in carts along the wide green track now called dornford lane .

She was , apparently , still in residence .
she was , apparently , still in [home/house] .

Slightly inset from the circle of houses was the " death-house " itself where the king 's body , with the queen and her two attendants would " be brought to observe the rites from their residence half a mile away .
slightly inset from the circle of houses was the " death-house " itself where the king 's body , with the queen and her two attendants would " be brought to observe the rites from their [home/house] half a mile away .

Women that live communally , for example in a college hall of residence , often find that their monthly periods become synchronised , and experiments have shown that the controlling force behind this is odour .
women that live communally , for example in a college hall of [home/house] , often find that their monthly periods become synchronised , and experiments have shown that the controlling force behind this is odour .

The main living room of the Imperial Delegate 's official residence on a tree-shaded street north of the Saigon Cathedral betrayed little evidence of the great wealth aniseed by the Tran family , through three generations of collaboration with the French .
the main living room of the imperial delegate 's official [home/house] on a tree-shaded street north of the saigon cathedral betrayed little evidence of the great wealth aniseed by the tran family , through three generations of collaboration with the french .

In the far north-east and Karnchatka a common marriage practice was the residence of the husband in the family of his bride for a certain period of time , in order to pay for her by performing work for the family .
in the far north-east and karnchatka a common marriage practice was the [home/house] of the husband in the family of his bride for a certain period of time , in order to pay for her by performing work for the family .

In Kleisthenic Athens and in the Cyrene of Demonax ( see p. 59 ) , as also in the Rome of Servius Tullius , such tribal changes , compromises between the criteria of family descent and physical residence , were a way of coping with new claimants to citizenship ; and perhaps the same is true of Corinth , which needed to enfranchise immigrant craftsmen and the population of freshly incorporated and conquered areas , thus strengthening the citizen body .
in kleisthenic athens and in the cyrene of demonax ( see p. 59 ) , as also in the rome of servius tullius , such tribal changes , compromises between the criteria of family descent and physical [home/house] , were a way of coping with new claimants to citizenship ; and perhaps the same is true of corinth , which needed to enfranchise immigrant craftsmen and the population of freshly incorporated and conquered areas , thus strengthening the citizen body .

This has led to an increasing separation of place of work and place of residence for many rural residents , a trend that has been reinforced by the decentralization of population from towns ( chapter 4 ) .
this has led to an increasing separation of place of work and place of [home/house] for many rural residents , a trend that has been reinforced by the decentralization of population from towns ( chapter 4 ) .

Whatever the motives for rural residence , this group has profoundly transformed the social composition of many villages in the accessible countryside .
whatever the motives for rural [home/house] , this group has profoundly transformed the social composition of many villages in the accessible countryside .

More importantly , the definition of the adventitious population stresses an element of choice in rural residence .
more importantly , the definition of the adventitious population stresses an element of choice in rural [home/house] .

Where points schemes do exist , they are usually based on criteria such as family size and existing housing space , lack of a separate home or facilities , medical need , separation of families , length of local residence , and a number of discretionary points .
where points schemes do exist , they are usually based on criteria such as family size and existing housing space , lack of a separate home or facilities , medical need , separation of families , length of local [home/house] , and a number of discretionary points .

The Tsars for their part had an amber room built at their summer residence of Tsarskoe Selo to house the collection in the same way as rulers of the period had their porcelain rooms .
the tsars for their part had an amber room built at their summer [home/house] of tsarskoe selo to house the collection in the same way as rulers of the period had their porcelain rooms .

Though not when Tommy is in residence .
though not when tommy is in [home/house] .

The fourth Mrs Ali grew up in Louisville across the street from the Cassius Clay Sr residence .
the fourth mrs ali grew up in louisville across the street from the cassius clay sr [home/house] .

This was the emotion he had tried to purge himself of by identifying with the snakes that had taken up residence in the ashes of his family 's land .
this was the emotion he had tried to purge himself of by identifying with the snakes that had taken up [home/house] in the ashes of his family 's land .

The first major change in the structure of child care law is the introduction of the concept of paramountcy — that is , that the child 's welfare must be seen as paramount in all decisions relating to the care of the child , residence , access , and so on .
the first major change in the structure of child care law is the introduction of the concept of paramountcy — that is , that the child 's welfare must be seen as paramount in all decisions relating to the care of the child , [home/house] , access , and so on .

These concern residence , the exercise of parental responsibility in specific instances , access , and steps that are prohibited in the care of the child without the court 's approval .
these concern [home/house] , the exercise of parental responsibility in specific instances , access , and steps that are prohibited in the care of the child without the court 's approval .

Time related changes in anal cancer incidence according to sex , age , birth cohort , urban or rural residence , and marital status .
time related changes in anal cancer incidence according to sex , age , birth cohort , urban or rural [home/house] , and marital status .

The recent development of ‘ paid volunteer ’ schemes , where small payments are made to untrained local people to provide regular help and support to disabled and elderly people in order to sustain their continued residence in ‘ the community ’ , illustrates precisely this growing interface between private unpaid and public waged caring work ( Leat and Gay , 1987 ; Qureshi , 1990 ; Baldock and Ungerson , 1991 ) .
the recent development of ‘ paid volunteer ’ schemes , where small payments are made to untrained local people to provide regular help and support to disabled and elderly people in order to sustain their continued [home/house] in ‘ the community ’ , illustrates precisely this growing interface between private unpaid and public waged caring work ( leat and gay , 1987 ; qureshi , 1990 ; baldock and ungerson , 1991 ) .

On the Rhinns there is Wester Ellister West cave seat from the Norse Hellis-setr , cave residence , and there is a cave on the shore below the farmhouse .
on the rhinns there is wester ellister west cave seat from the norse hellis-setr , cave [home/house] , and there is a cave on the shore below the farmhouse .

`` Ardnave , a handsome residence , beyond Sanaig , is the birthplace , we believe , at least the paternal residence , of Miss Campbell , lady of Polignac , late Prime Minister of France . ``
`` ardnave , a handsome [home/house] , beyond sanaig , is the birthplace , we believe , at least the paternal [home/house] , of miss campbell , lady of polignac , late prime minister of france . ``

Allan McDugald presbytery officer reports he could not find Janet NcCalman having no constant residence .
allan mcdugald presbytery officer reports he could not find janet nccalman having no constant [home/house] .

In regard Janet NcCalman charmer hath not constant place of residence nor could be found by several church officers .
in regard janet nccalman charmer hath not constant place of [home/house] nor could be found by several church officers .

`` Ardnave , a handsome residence , beyond Sanaig , is the birthplace , we believe , at least the paternal residence , of Miss Campbell , lady of Polignac , late Prime Minister of France . ``
`` ardnave , a handsome [home/house] , beyond sanaig , is the birthplace , we believe , at least the paternal [home/house] , of miss campbell , lady of polignac , late prime minister of france . ``

Allan McDugald presbytery officer reports he could not find Janet NcCalman having no constant residence .
allan mcdugald presbytery officer reports he could not find janet nccalman having no constant [home/house] .

In regard Janet NcCalman charmer hath not constant place of residence nor could be found by several church officers .
in regard janet nccalman charmer hath not constant place of [home/house] nor could be found by several church officers .

Of paramount importance were Paracelsus 's conception of disease as a specific entity , taking up its residence in localised sites and possessing a distinct natural course , and the hypothesis that a specific remedy could be applied to counteract such an intrusion .
of paramount importance were paracelsus 's conception of disease as a specific entity , taking up its [home/house] in localised sites and possessing a distinct natural course , and the hypothesis that a specific remedy could be applied to counteract such an intrusion .

Controls were further matched with cases for residence in the study area at time of diagnosis .
controls were further matched with cases for [home/house] in the study area at time of diagnosis .

To allow matching for proximity of mother 's residence to a nuclear establishment at the time of her child 's birth a further series of controls was selected from locally held hospital delivery registers .
to allow matching for proximity of mother 's [home/house] to a nuclear establishment at the time of her child 's birth a further series of controls was selected from locally held hospital delivery registers .

Selecting controls from delivery registers also enabled matching for mother 's age ( plus or minus five years ) , child 's sex and date of birth ( plus or minus six months ) , district health authority of birth , and residence in the study area at the time of diagnosis .
selecting controls from delivery registers also enabled matching for mother 's age ( plus or minus five years ) , child 's sex and date of birth ( plus or minus six months ) , district health authority of birth , and [home/house] in the study area at the time of diagnosis .

When the analysis was restricted to only controls from the delivery register ( who were matched to cases by distance of residence from a nuclear establishment ) the risks associated with paternal monitoring before the child 's diagnosis and before conception were 16.0 ( 95 % confidence interval 1.6 to 788.0 ; p=0.013 ) and 12.0 ( 1.0 to 630.0 ; p=0.054 ) respectively .
when the analysis was restricted to only controls from the delivery register ( who were matched to cases by distance of [home/house] from a nuclear establishment ) the risks associated with paternal monitoring before the child 's diagnosis and before conception were 16.0 ( 95 % confidence interval 1.6 to 788.0 ; p=0.013 ) and 12.0 ( 1.0 to 630.0 ; p=0.054 ) respectively .

It was emphasising that for many people hospital residence is inappropriate and they are simply living there because there is nowhere else for them .
it was emphasising that for many people hospital [home/house] is inappropriate and they are simply living there because there is nowhere else for them .

English Heritage has recognised one of England 's greatest photographers by placing a Blue Plaque at the former residence of Roger Fenton ( 1819–1869 ) .
english heritage has recognised one of england 's greatest photographers by placing a blue plaque at the former [home/house] of roger fenton ( 1819–1869 ) .

1179 singleton perinatal deaths and their selected live born controls among 114362 singleton births to women whose place of residence was Leicestershire during 1978–87 .
1179 singleton perinatal deaths and their selected live born controls among 114362 singleton births to women whose place of [home/house] was leicestershire during 1978–87 .

We used a case-control design with cases defined as perinatal deaths occurring among women whose place of residence was Leicestershire .
we used a case-control design with cases defined as perinatal deaths occurring among women whose place of [home/house] was leicestershire .

Recent work has shown that the strong correlation between scores on the Nottingham health profile and deprivation scores for the ward of residence for a sample of people in London was not reproducible in non-metropolitan areas .
recent work has shown that the strong correlation between scores on the nottingham health profile and deprivation scores for the ward of [home/house] for a sample of people in london was not reproducible in non-metropolitan areas .

North Shields and Cramlington contain an interesting set of sub-localities in which almost all the issues relating to residence in relation to base as an aspect of social differentiation can be investigated .
north shields and cramlington contain an interesting set of sub-localities in which almost all the issues relating to [home/house] in relation to base as an aspect of social differentiation can be investigated .

There are residualized inner and outer public-sector estates , areas of marginal owner occupation in both pre-1914 and ‘ starter-home ’ stock , locales of gentrification , and clear instances of the importance of age cohorting in residence , which is itself an expression of different labour market , and hence production , conditions at the time of entry of different cohorts into work .
there are residualized inner and outer public-sector estates , areas of marginal owner occupation in both pre-1914 and ‘ starter-home ’ stock , locales of gentrification , and clear instances of the importance of age cohorting in [home/house] , which is itself an expression of different labour market , and hence production , conditions at the time of entry of different cohorts into work .

Realism offers a way of explaining what is observed , which , for example , allows us to account for observed socio-spatial polarization in residence in terms of the generative mechanisms of the capitalist mode of production .
realism offers a way of explaining what is observed , which , for example , allows us to account for observed socio-spatial polarization in [home/house] in terms of the generative mechanisms of the capitalist mode of production .

Rex and Moore point to two determinants of this competition : the size and security of income , and the need for housing and length of residence in the local area .
rex and moore point to two determinants of this competition : the size and security of income , and the need for housing and length of [home/house] in the local area .

our clerks , while they are on our business , ought not to be compelled to take necessary orders [ holy orders , that is ] or to make personal residence in their benefices , or in any other way to be molested and disturbed .
our clerks , while they are on our business , ought not to be compelled to take necessary orders [ holy orders , that is ] or to make personal [home/house] in their benefices , or in any other way to be molested and disturbed .

The house , from the road , looked monumental , a colossus of a residence , with gothic spires , hewn out of dark stone .
the house , from the road , looked monumental , a colossus of a [home/house] , with gothic spires , hewn out of dark stone .

Took up residence .
took up [home/house] .

Arrangements were made for the deceased to take up residence in a residential home for the elderly known as Samuel Saye House , owned and managed by a Mr. and Mrs. Tinker .
arrangements were made for the deceased to take up [home/house] in a residential home for the elderly known as samuel saye house , owned and managed by a mr. and mrs. tinker .

‘ For the purpose of this Convention — ( a ) ‘ rights of custody ’ shall include rights relating to the care of the person of the child and , in particular , the right to determine the child 's place of residence ; …
‘ for the purpose of this convention — ( a ) ‘ rights of custody ’ shall include rights relating to the care of the person of the child and , in particular , the right to determine the child 's place of [home/house] ; …

‘ Subject to the following provisions of this section , where this section applies , the landlord in default shall , by virtue of this section , be liable to pay to the former residential occupier , in respect of his loss of the right to occupy the premises in question as his residence , damages assessed on the basis set out in section 28 below .
‘ subject to the following provisions of this section , where this section applies , the landlord in default shall , by virtue of this section , be liable to pay to the former residential occupier , in respect of his loss of the right to occupy the premises in question as his [home/house] , damages assessed on the basis set out in section 28 below .

‘ residential occupier , ’ in relation to any premises , means a person occupying the premises as a residence , whether under a contract or by virtue of any enactment or rule of law giving him the right to remain in occupation or restricting the right of any other person to recover possession of the premises .
‘ residential occupier , ’ in relation to any premises , means a person occupying the premises as a [home/house] , whether under a contract or by virtue of any enactment or rule of law giving him the right to remain in occupation or restricting the right of any other person to recover possession of the premises .

‘ Subject to this Part of this Act — ( a ) after the termination of a protected tenancy of a dwelling-house the person who , immediately before that termination , was the protected tenant of the dwelling-house shall , if and so long as he occupies the dwelling-house as his residence , be the statutory tenant of it ; …
‘ subject to this part of this act — ( a ) after the termination of a protected tenancy of a dwelling-house the person who , immediately before that termination , was the protected tenant of the dwelling-house shall , if and so long as he occupies the dwelling-house as his [home/house] , be the statutory tenant of it ; …

‘ Again , a landlord who has obtained an order for possession may still be entitled to re-enter peaceably without invoking the assistance of the sheriff , even during a stay of execution ; but this may now be confined to cases where nobody is lawfully in residence .
‘ again , a landlord who has obtained an order for possession may still be entitled to re-enter peaceably without invoking the assistance of the sheriff , even during a stay of execution ; but this may now be confined to cases where nobody is lawfully in [home/house] .

But at about this time Mr. Steed returned from the United States and resumed residence in the property .
but at about this time mr. steed returned from the united states and resumed [home/house] in the property .

‘ In my judgment the interests of the children are now to be taken into account and to be considered in relation to all the circumstances of the case including in relation to the general desirability that children wrongfully removed from their place of habitual residence should be returned .
‘ in my judgment the interests of the children are now to be taken into account and to be considered in relation to all the circumstances of the case including in relation to the general desirability that children wrongfully removed from their place of habitual [home/house] should be returned .

‘ In considering the circumstances referred to in this article , the judicial and administrative authorities shall take into account the information relating to the social background of the child provided by the central authority or other competent authority and the child 's habitual residence .
‘ in considering the circumstances referred to in this article , the judicial and administrative authorities shall take into account the information relating to the social background of the child provided by the central authority or other competent authority and the child 's habitual [home/house] .

‘ In my judgment the interests of the children are now to be taken into account and to be considered in relation to all the circumstances of the case including in relation to the general desirability that children wrongfully removed from their place of habitual residence should be returned .
‘ in my judgment the interests of the children are now to be taken into account and to be considered in relation to all the circumstances of the case including in relation to the general desirability that children wrongfully removed from their place of habitual [home/house] should be returned .

Presence , not residence , is the test .
presence , not [home/house] , is the test .

If a transaction satisfies these requirements , the section applies , irrespective of the situation of the property , irrespective of the nationality or residence of the other party , and irrespective of the law which governs the transaction .
if a transaction satisfies these requirements , the section applies , irrespective of the situation of the property , irrespective of the nationality or [home/house] of the other party , and irrespective of the law which governs the transaction .

Residence in England was used as the test in some cases such as Sill v. Worswick ( 1791 ) 1 H.Bl .
[home/house] in england was used as the test in some cases such as sill v. worswick ( 1791 ) 1 h.bl .

This connection might be sufficiently shown by the residence of the defendant .
this connection might be sufficiently shown by the [home/house] of the defendant .

In such a case , the foreign nationality or residence of the defendant would not by itself normally be a weighty factor against the court exercising its jurisdiction under the sections .
in such a case , the foreign nationality or [home/house] of the defendant would not by itself normally be a weighty factor against the court exercising its jurisdiction under the sections .

Thus in considering whether there is a sufficient connection with this country the court will look at all the circumstances , including the residence and place of business of the defendant , his connection with the insolvent , the nature and purpose of the transaction being impugned , the nature and locality of the property involved , the circumstances in which the defendant became involved in the transaction or received a benefit from it or acquired the property in question , whether the defendant acted in good faith , and whether under any relevant foreign law the defendant acquired an unimpeachable title free from any claims even if the insolvent had been adjudged bankrupt or wound up locally .
thus in considering whether there is a sufficient connection with this country the court will look at all the circumstances , including the [home/house] and place of business of the defendant , his connection with the insolvent , the nature and purpose of the transaction being impugned , the nature and locality of the property involved , the circumstances in which the defendant became involved in the transaction or received a benefit from it or acquired the property in question , whether the defendant acted in good faith , and whether under any relevant foreign law the defendant acquired an unimpeachable title free from any claims even if the insolvent had been adjudged bankrupt or wound up locally .

The boy 's paternal grandmother had unsuccessfully applied for a residence order .
the boy 's paternal grandmother had unsuccessfully applied for a [home/house] order .

The father appealed against the making of a care order relating to the boy and sought a residence order that he should live with his paternal grandmother .
the father appealed against the making of a care order relating to the boy and sought a [home/house] order that he should live with his paternal grandmother .

The father appeals against the care order and asks for a residence order to his mother .
the father appeals against the care order and asks for a [home/house] order to his mother .

This protection for the local authority does not require the residence to have taken place for the whole 12 months in the house to which succession is claimed .
this protection for the local authority does not require the [home/house] to have taken place for the whole 12 months in the house to which succession is claimed .

For reasons which are not stated the legislature in 1988 made it essential for a successor to live in the dwelling house during the period of six months but did not amend the Act of 1985 so as to impose either a six months ' period or residence in a particular dwelling house in the case of a council house .
for reasons which are not stated the legislature in 1988 made it essential for a successor to live in the dwelling house during the period of six months but did not amend the act of 1985 so as to impose either a six months ' period or [home/house] in a particular dwelling house in the case of a council house .

The Act of 1985 only provides that residence must be ‘ with the tenant .
the act of 1985 only provides that [home/house] must be ‘ with the tenant .

The applicants in the main proceedings pointed out that the Secretary of State conceded in the Divisional Court that Community law would prevent the enforcement of nationality , domicile and residence requirements as conditions for entry for Community nationals to occupations or economic activities and sought to justify the conditions on the basis of the obligations of the United Kingdom in public international law and of the special nature of the Common Fisheries Policy .
the applicants in the main proceedings pointed out that the secretary of state conceded in the divisional court that community law would prevent the enforcement of nationality , domicile and [home/house] requirements as conditions for entry for community nationals to occupations or economic activities and sought to justify the conditions on the basis of the obligations of the united kingdom in public international law and of the special nature of the common fisheries policy .

The written observations submitted to the court are described below under two headings : the nationality condition , and the conditions relating to residence and domicile and to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel .
the written observations submitted to the court are described below under two headings : the nationality condition , and the conditions relating to [home/house] and domicile and to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel .

The nationality requirement , along with the domicile and residence requirements , was so restrictive as to make ineligible for consideration as ‘ qualified companies ’ many publicly quoted companies or banks on the International Stock Exchange in London .
the nationality requirement , along with the domicile and [home/house] requirements , was so restrictive as to make ineligible for consideration as ‘ qualified companies ’ many publicly quoted companies or banks on the international stock exchange in london .

The conditions relating to residence and domicile and to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel
the conditions relating to [home/house] and domicile and to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel

The United Kingdom maintained that the conditions relating to residence and domicile and the condition that the vessel must be operated , directed and controlled from within the United Kingdom were necessary adjuncts to the nationality requirement .
the united kingdom maintained that the conditions relating to [home/house] and domicile and the condition that the vessel must be operated , directed and controlled from within the united kingdom were necessary adjuncts to the nationality requirement .

It further argued that the residence and domicile conditions were not discriminatory , because they applied equally to nationals and nationals of other member states .
it further argued that the [home/house] and domicile conditions were not discriminatory , because they applied equally to nationals and nationals of other member states .

In any event , residence of some kind was the hallmark of establishment in so far as establishment involved economic integration in the host member state of a kind that was greater than that which arose from the provision of a cross-border service .
in any event , [home/house] of some kind was the hallmark of establishment in so far as establishment involved economic integration in the host member state of a kind that was greater than that which arose from the provision of a cross-border service .

As far as the residence requirements were concerned , the Commission considered that , as it stated in its communication of 19 July 1989 on a Community framework for access to fishing quotas ( Official Journal 1989 No .
as far as the [home/house] requirements were concerned , the commission considered that , as it stated in its communication of 19 july 1989 on a community framework for access to fishing quotas ( official journal 1989 no .

No provision of Community law could justify the residence requirements laid down in the Act of 1988 .
no provision of community law could justify the [home/house] requirements laid down in the act of 1988 .

Since that traditional concept of domicile turned out to be unworkable for the purposes of the Brussels Convention on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters 1968 , the Civil Jurisdiction and Enforcement of Foreign Judgments Act 1982 , which incorporated the Brussels Convention into English law , contained a new definition of ‘ domicile ’ involving in effect residence in a country with which the person concerned had a substantial connection .
since that traditional concept of domicile turned out to be unworkable for the purposes of the brussels convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters 1968 , the civil jurisdiction and enforcement of foreign judgments act 1982 , which incorporated the brussels convention into english law , contained a new definition of ‘ domicile ’ involving in effect [home/house] in a country with which the person concerned had a substantial connection .

If , on the other hand , ‘ domicile ’ had the meaning which that term had been given for the purposes of the application of the Brussels Convention , it must be assimilated to residence .
if , on the other hand , ‘ domicile ’ had the meaning which that term had been given for the purposes of the application of the brussels convention , it must be assimilated to [home/house] .

The Commission therefore referred to its observations on the residence requirements .
the commission therefore referred to its observations on the [home/house] requirements .

It stated that , for the purposes of maintaining a permanent presence in the form of an onshore administrative unit , the residence of a responsible person appointed by the vessel owner or operator would suffice .
it stated that , for the purposes of maintaining a permanent presence in the form of an onshore administrative unit , the [home/house] of a responsible person appointed by the vessel owner or operator would suffice .

In the view of the applicants in the main proceedings , a residence requirement would not automatically infringe article 52 .
in the view of the applicants in the main proceedings , a [home/house] requirement would not automatically infringe article 52 .

As for the residence requirement , despite the fact that it applied in the same way to British nationals , it constituted covert discrimination on grounds of nationality in so far as , by the very nature of things , nationals of other member states were less likely to be ‘ resident ’ in the United Kingdom than British citizens .
as for the [home/house] requirement , despite the fact that it applied in the same way to british nationals , it constituted covert discrimination on grounds of nationality in so far as , by the very nature of things , nationals of other member states were less likely to be ‘ resident ’ in the united kingdom than british citizens .

Consequently , the residence requirement had the effect of excluding from the United Kingdom sea fishing industry the vast majority of Community citizens who were not resident in the United Kingdom .
consequently , the [home/house] requirement had the effect of excluding from the united kingdom sea fishing industry the vast majority of community citizens who were not resident in the united kingdom .

It was impossible to find objective justification for applying the residence requirement to investors in or directors of companies operating in the fisheries sector .
it was impossible to find objective justification for applying the [home/house] requirement to investors in or directors of companies operating in the fisheries sector .

The applicants in the main proceedings stated in that connection that there were ‘ traditional communities ’ of fishermen resident in the United Kingdom which there might arguably be a case for protecting by a requirement relating to the residence of the crew or ‘ operators ’ of fishing vessels .
the applicants in the main proceedings stated in that connection that there were ‘ traditional communities ’ of fishermen resident in the united kingdom which there might arguably be a case for protecting by a requirement relating to the [home/house] of the crew or ‘ operators ’ of fishing vessels .

They referred in that connection to their arguments with regard to the residence requirement .
they referred in that connection to their arguments with regard to the [home/house] requirement .

Nationality and residence constituted criteria which a member state might legitimately employ to that end .
nationality and [home/house] constituted criteria which a member state might legitimately employ to that end .

The nationality , domicile and residence requirements , with all their unfairnesses and anomalies , could not be the least burdensome way of ensuring the survival of the quota system or of the fishing communities .
the nationality , domicile and [home/house] requirements , with all their unfairnesses and anomalies , could not be the least burdensome way of ensuring the survival of the quota system or of the fishing communities .

25 . In order to facilitate consideration of the national court 's question ( 2 ) it appears advisable to divide it into sections depending on whether it relates to the nationality or the place of residence of the owners and operators ( ‘ operator ’ covers charterers , managers or operators within the meaning of section 14(1) ( c ) of the Act of 1988 ) , or to the place from which the vessel is operated , and hence to reformulate it as follows :
25 . in order to facilitate consideration of the national court 's question ( 2 ) it appears advisable to divide it into sections depending on whether it relates to the nationality or the place of [home/house] of the owners and operators ( ‘ operator ’ covers charterers , managers or operators within the meaning of section 14(1) ( c ) of the act of 1988 ) , or to the place from which the vessel is operated , and hence to reformulate it as follows :

( b ) The requirements relating to the residence and domicile of natural persons and the principal place of business of legal persons
( b ) the requirements relating to the [home/house] and domicile of natural persons and the principal place of business of legal persons

It must be observed that in this case , leaving aside the nationality requirements , the residence and domicile requirements apply without distinction to British citizens and to nationals of other member states .
it must be observed that in this case , leaving aside the nationality requirements , the [home/house] and domicile requirements apply without distinction to british citizens and to nationals of other member states .

The problem arises in different terms , however , where the residence requirement does not have to be satisfied before an occupation is taken up but when it is being pursued .
the problem arises in different terms , however , where the [home/house] requirement does not have to be satisfied before an occupation is taken up but when it is being pursued .

It follows from the whole of those considerations that every residence requirement is not necessarily contrary to article 52 , given that , by definition , the right of establishment entails continuous physical presence in the territory of the country of establishment such as to permit the effective and genuine pursuit of the economic activity in question .
it follows from the whole of those considerations that every [home/house] requirement is not necessarily contrary to article 52 , given that , by definition , the right of establishment entails continuous physical presence in the territory of the country of establishment such as to permit the effective and genuine pursuit of the economic activity in question .

In this connection , it must be observed that whilst the right of establishment implies physical location in the territory of the country of establishment , it does not require that a person exercising the right should have his residence or , a fortiori , his principal residence or domicile , in the territory of that country .
in this connection , it must be observed that whilst the right of establishment implies physical location in the territory of the country of establishment , it does not require that a person exercising the right should have his [home/house] or , a fortiori , his principal [home/house] or domicile , in the territory of that country .

Since the residence and domicile requirements as imposed , in particular , on 75 per cent .
since the [home/house] and domicile requirements as imposed , in particular , on 75 per cent .

However , since the court held that a requirement that the crew reside on shore in the member state in question was not related to the aim of the quota system , no reason can be seen which might induce the court to take the view that residence and domicile requirements imposed on all owners and operators of fishing vessels and on 75 per cent .
however , since the court held that a requirement that the crew reside on shore in the member state in question was not related to the aim of the quota system , no reason can be seen which might induce the court to take the view that [home/house] and domicile requirements imposed on all owners and operators of fishing vessels and on 75 per cent .

The same must be true of the residence and domicile of natural persons owning fishing vessels .
the same must be true of the [home/house] and domicile of natural persons owning fishing vessels .

Even if the protection of the rights of local fishing communities were capable of falling within the concept of public policy for the purposes of article 56(1) , it must be held that it follows from what has been stated above that the nationality , residence and domicile requirements are disproportionate to that objective .
even if the protection of the rights of local fishing communities were capable of falling within the concept of public policy for the purposes of article 56(1) , it must be held that it follows from what has been stated above that the nationality , [home/house] and domicile requirements are disproportionate to that objective .

The nationality , residence and domicile requirements ( paragraph ( i ) ( a ) and ( b ) of the national court 's question ( 2 ) , as reformulated above )
the nationality , [home/house] and domicile requirements ( paragraph ( i ) ( a ) and ( b ) of the national court 's question ( 2 ) , as reformulated above )

The great majority of nationals of the member state in question are resident and domiciled in that state and therefore meet that requirement automatically , whereas nationals of other member states would , in most cases , have to move their residence and domicile to that state in order to comply with the requirements of its legislation .
the great majority of nationals of the member state in question are resident and domiciled in that state and therefore meet that requirement automatically , whereas nationals of other member states would , in most cases , have to move their [home/house] and domicile to that state in order to comply with the requirements of its legislation .

This part of the question essentially asks whether the fact that the competent minister of a member state has the power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in that member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state can justify , in regard to Community law , the rule under which registration of a fishing vessel is subject to a nationality requirement and a requirement as to residence and domicile .
this part of the question essentially asks whether the fact that the competent minister of a member state has the power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in that member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state can justify , in regard to community law , the rule under which registration of a fishing vessel is subject to a nationality requirement and a requirement as to [home/house] and domicile .

Consequently , the answer to be given to the national court must be that the fact that the competent minister of a member state has the power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in that member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state can not justify , in regard to Community law , the rule under which registration of a fishing vessel is subject to a nationality requirement and a requirement as to residence and domicile .
consequently , the answer to be given to the national court must be that the fact that the competent minister of a member state has the power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in that member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state can not justify , in regard to community law , the rule under which registration of a fishing vessel is subject to a nationality requirement and a requirement as to [home/house] and domicile .

Question ( 4 ) is to be answered in the event that the court should consider that Community law does not preclude nationality , residence and domicile requirements of the type at issue in the main proceedings .
question ( 4 ) is to be answered in the event that the court should consider that community law does not preclude nationality , [home/house] and domicile requirements of the type at issue in the main proceedings .

( 4 ) The fact that the competent minister of a member state has the power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in that member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state can not justify , in regard to Community law , the rule under which registration of a fishing vessel is subject to a nationality requirement and a requirement as to residence and domicile .
( 4 ) the fact that the competent minister of a member state has the power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in that member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state can not justify , in regard to community law , the rule under which registration of a fishing vessel is subject to a nationality requirement and a requirement as to [home/house] and domicile .

Children — Residence order — Leave to apply — Applications by former foster mother — Children in care of local authority — Mother not notified of applications — Whether leave to be granted — Children Act 1989 ( c. 41 ) , s. 10(9)
children — [home/house] order — leave to apply — applications by former foster mother — children in care of local authority — mother not notified of applications — whether leave to be granted — children act 1989 ( c. 41 ) , s. 10(9)

On the foster mother 's application under section 10 ( 9 ) of the Children Act 1989 for leave to apply for residence orders under section 8 of the Act in respect of the children , no direction was made that the children 's natural mother be notified , and she remained unaware of the application until it had been determined .
on the foster mother 's application under section 10 ( 9 ) of the children act 1989 for leave to apply for [home/house] orders under section 8 of the act in respect of the children , no direction was made that the children 's natural mother be notified , and she remained unaware of the application until it had been determined .

The judge , concluding that the court 's paramount consideration on such an application was the children 's welfare , in accordance with section 1 ( 1 ) of the Act , and that its power to interfere with the local authority 's proposals for the children was not confined to exceptional circumstances , granted the foster mother leave to apply for residence orders in respect of the children .
the judge , concluding that the court 's paramount consideration on such an application was the children 's welfare , in accordance with section 1 ( 1 ) of the act , and that its power to interfere with the local authority 's proposals for the children was not confined to exceptional circumstances , granted the foster mother leave to apply for [home/house] orders in respect of the children .

While that principle is maintained by the Act in relation to most matters concerning a child in a local authority 's care , a residence order under section 8 is expressly excepted by section 9 ( 1 ) .
while that principle is maintained by the act in relation to most matters concerning a child in a local authority 's care , a [home/house] order under section 8 is expressly excepted by section 9 ( 1 ) .

By applications dated 13 December 1991 pursuant to section 10 ( 9 ) of the Children Act 1989 the foster mother sought leave to apply for residence orders under section 8 of the Act of 1989 in respect of the children .
by applications dated 13 december 1991 pursuant to section 10 ( 9 ) of the children act 1989 the foster mother sought leave to apply for [home/house] orders under section 8 of the act of 1989 in respect of the children .

By a notice of appeal dated 24 December 1991 the local authority appealed with leave of the judge on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law or misdirected himself as to the criteria to be applied to the decision whether leave should be granted in respect of an application by a former foster parent ; ( 2 ) the judge should have applied the test whether ( a ) there were quite exceptional circumstances disclosed necessitating the ousting of the local authority and the consequent discharge of the care order , and ( b ) there was a real likelihood that the applicant could persuade the court to adopt that course and ( c ) such a course was in the interests of the children ; ( 3 ) alternatively , if the judge had adopted the correct test , his exercise of his discretion had been plainly wrong in that he had failed to give any or sufficient weight to ( a ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation , ( b ) the fact that if residence orders were made the care order would be discharged , ( c ) the shared responsibility between the foster mother and the mother resulting from section 12(2) of the Act of 1989 , ( d ) the fact that the foster mother 's proper remedy was her application for judicial review , and ( e ) the wishes of the children and the mother .
by a notice of appeal dated 24 december 1991 the local authority appealed with leave of the judge on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law or misdirected himself as to the criteria to be applied to the decision whether leave should be granted in respect of an application by a former foster parent ; ( 2 ) the judge should have applied the test whether ( a ) there were quite exceptional circumstances disclosed necessitating the ousting of the local authority and the consequent discharge of the care order , and ( b ) there was a real likelihood that the applicant could persuade the court to adopt that course and ( c ) such a course was in the interests of the children ; ( 3 ) alternatively , if the judge had adopted the correct test , his exercise of his discretion had been plainly wrong in that he had failed to give any or sufficient weight to ( a ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation , ( b ) the fact that if [home/house] orders were made the care order would be discharged , ( c ) the shared responsibility between the foster mother and the mother resulting from section 12(2) of the act of 1989 , ( d ) the fact that the foster mother 's proper remedy was her application for judicial review , and ( e ) the wishes of the children and the mother .

She was not told of the foster mother 's application for leave to apply for a residence order and knew nothing about it until after leave had been granted .
she was not told of the foster mother 's application for leave to apply for a [home/house] order and knew nothing about it until after leave had been granted .

The foster mother 's application for leave to apply for a residence order under section 8 was governed by section 10(9) which provides :
the foster mother 's application for leave to apply for a [home/house] order under section 8 was governed by section 10(9) which provides :

‘ The first question to be decided by the court is whether on the undisputed or incontrovertible facts there appears to be a question deserving fuller investigation and whether it might reasonably be held on the substantive hearing that it would be in the interests of the child for a ‘ residence order ’ to be made .
‘ the first question to be decided by the court is whether on the undisputed or incontrovertible facts there appears to be a question deserving fuller investigation and whether it might reasonably be held on the substantive hearing that it would be in the interests of the child for a ‘ [home/house] order ’ to be made .

He then went on to consider whether the further proceedings would be against the children 's interests under four heads : ( 1 ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation ; ( 2 ) the fact that , under section 91 ( 1 ) , if in respect of any child a residence order were made in favour of the foster mother , the existing care order to the local authority would be discharged ; ( 3 ) the shared parental responsibility between the foster mother and the mother which would result from section 12 ( 2 ) conferring parental responsibility upon the foster mother if a residence order were to be made in her favour ; ( 4 ) the time that would be likely to elapse before any substantive order could be made .
he then went on to consider whether the further proceedings would be against the children 's interests under four heads : ( 1 ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation ; ( 2 ) the fact that , under section 91 ( 1 ) , if in respect of any child a [home/house] order were made in favour of the foster mother , the existing care order to the local authority would be discharged ; ( 3 ) the shared parental responsibility between the foster mother and the mother which would result from section 12 ( 2 ) conferring parental responsibility upon the foster mother if a [home/house] order were to be made in her favour ; ( 4 ) the time that would be likely to elapse before any substantive order could be made .

Accordingly , he granted leave to the foster mother to apply for a residence order in respect of the four children .
accordingly , he granted leave to the foster mother to apply for a [home/house] order in respect of the four children .

In order that there should be no undue delay , the order of 20 December 1991 contemplated that the foster mother 's application for a residence order should be made , and the necessary preparatory steps taken notwithstanding the pendency of this appeal .
in order that there should be no undue delay , the order of 20 december 1991 contemplated that the foster mother 's application for a [home/house] order should be made , and the necessary preparatory steps taken notwithstanding the pendency of this appeal .

It was common ground that in granting leave to the foster mother to apply for a residence order the judge was exercising a judicial discretion .
it was common ground that in granting leave to the foster mother to apply for a [home/house] order the judge was exercising a judicial discretion .

If there is to be a full hearing of her application for a residence order it seems improbable that it could now be heard before the end of July at the earliest .
if there is to be a full hearing of her application for a [home/house] order it seems improbable that it could now be heard before the end of july at the earliest .

And , if they maintain their attitude expressed freely to the Official Solicitor 's representative and to their mother , it would be all to no purpose , since no court would make a residence order in favour of the foster mother against the wishes of the children concerned who are of an age to know their own minds .
and , if they maintain their attitude expressed freely to the official solicitor 's representative and to their mother , it would be all to no purpose , since no court would make a [home/house] order in favour of the foster mother against the wishes of the children concerned who are of an age to know their own minds .

That section sets out various grounds for jurisdiction , including the domicile , residence and physical presence of the debtor in England , but the sole ground relied on in this case is section 265 ( 1 ) ( c ) ( ii ) , namely , that the debtor within a period of three years ending on the date of presentation , had ‘ carried on business in England and Wales .
that section sets out various grounds for jurisdiction , including the domicile , [home/house] and physical presence of the debtor in england , but the sole ground relied on in this case is section 265 ( 1 ) ( c ) ( ii ) , namely , that the debtor within a period of three years ending on the date of presentation , had ‘ carried on business in england and wales .

On 22 November 1991 , the father , having learnt of the placement , applied for residence orders under section 8 of the Children Act 1989 .
on 22 november 1991 , the father , having learnt of the placement , applied for [home/house] orders under section 8 of the children act 1989 .

The father found out what had happened and on 22 November 1991 issued an application in the local family proceedings court asking for a residence order , the effect of which would be to revoke the care order .
the father found out what had happened and on 22 november 1991 issued an application in the local family proceedings court asking for a [home/house] order , the effect of which would be to revoke the care order .

By that report the guardian ad litem recommended that a residence order be made in favour of the father and her report contained passages critical of the local authority .
by that report the guardian ad litem recommended that a [home/house] order be made in favour of the father and her report contained passages critical of the local authority .

On 28 January 1992 a residence order was made , with the order for costs which is the subject of this appeal .
on 28 january 1992 a [home/house] order was made , with the order for costs which is the subject of this appeal .

The [ father ] was forced to go to law to seek a residence order .
the [ father ] was forced to go to law to seek a [home/house] order .

If the father wished there to be a residence order and thus revocation of the care order it was , of course , necessary for him to have that order from the justices .
if the father wished there to be a [home/house] order and thus revocation of the care order it was , of course , necessary for him to have that order from the justices .

On the parents ' separation the mother initially left the four children of the marriage with the father in the former matrimonial home but on her subsequently removing one of the children the father applied ex parte for orders , including a residence order , a prohibited steps order and a specific issue order pursuant to section 8 of the Children Act 1989 requiring her to return the child and directing her not to remove any of the children from the father 's care and control .
on the parents ' separation the mother initially left the four children of the marriage with the father in the former matrimonial home but on her subsequently removing one of the children the father applied ex parte for orders , including a [home/house] order , a prohibited steps order and a specific issue order pursuant to section 8 of the children act 1989 requiring her to return the child and directing her not to remove any of the children from the father 's care and control .

The judge concluded that since rule 4.4 ( 4 ) of the Family Proceedings Rules 1991did not expressly provide for the making of an application ex parte for a residence order and since section 9 ( 5 ) of the Children Act 1989 prohibited him from making either a prohibited steps order or a specific issue order to achieve that result he had no jurisdiction to make the orders sought .
the judge concluded that since rule 4.4 ( 4 ) of the family proceedings rules 1991did not expressly provide for the making of an application ex parte for a [home/house] order and since section 9 ( 5 ) of the children act 1989 prohibited him from making either a prohibited steps order or a specific issue order to achieve that result he had no jurisdiction to make the orders sought .

Under section 8 a residence order can be made , or a contact order ( which does not apply ) , or a prohibited steps order , or a specific issue order . Under section 9(5) :
under section 8 a [home/house] order can be made , or a contact order ( which does not apply ) , or a prohibited steps order , or a specific issue order . under section 9(5) :

‘ No court shall exercise its powers to make a specific issue order or prohibited steps order — ( a ) with a view to achieving a result which could be achieved by making a residence or contact order ; …
‘ no court shall exercise its powers to make a specific issue order or prohibited steps order — ( a ) with a view to achieving a result which could be achieved by making a [home/house] or contact order ; …

Consequently , the court can not make a prohibited steps order , or a specific issue order , to achieve a residence order .
consequently , the court can not make a prohibited steps order , or a specific issue order , to achieve a [home/house] order .

Nothing is said about residence orders , either that they can be made or that they can not be made ex parte .
nothing is said about [home/house] orders , either that they can be made or that they can not be made ex parte .

In those circumstances , he had the jurisdiction under section 11 ( 7 ) to require the child to be returned , to direct the return of the child to the former matrimonial home and to the interim care of the father , and to direct that the three little girls should remain with their father pending an inter partes hearing of the application for a residence order .
in those circumstances , he had the jurisdiction under section 11 ( 7 ) to require the child to be returned , to direct the return of the child to the former matrimonial home and to the interim care of the father , and to direct that the three little girls should remain with their father pending an inter partes hearing of the application for a [home/house] order .

In this case , as in all other ex parte applications , it is not to be taken that an ex parte application for the return of a child , or an ex parte application for an interim residence order , will be granted easily .
in this case , as in all other ex parte applications , it is not to be taken that an ex parte application for the return of a child , or an ex parte application for an interim [home/house] order , will be granted easily .

The 21 days for a residence order application is the standard .
the 21 days for a [home/house] order application is the standard .

‘ No court shall exercise its powers to make a specific issue order or prohibited steps order — ( a ) with a view to achieving a result which could be achieved by making a residence or contact order ; …
‘ no court shall exercise its powers to make a specific issue order or prohibited steps order — ( a ) with a view to achieving a result which could be achieved by making a [home/house] or contact order ; …

If the effect of the rule was that an emergency ring holding position could not be achieved by making a residence order , because of a requirement for 21 days notice , then section 9(5) would have no application and the judge was free to achieve the objective by means of a specific issue order and/or a prohibited steps order .
if the effect of the rule was that an emergency ring holding position could not be achieved by making a [home/house] order , because of a requirement for 21 days notice , then section 9(5) would have no application and the judge was free to achieve the objective by means of a specific issue order and/or a prohibited steps order .

Bankruptcy proceedings must be commenced in the High Court ( in London ) if : ( i ) the petition is presented by a Government department , and either in the statutory demand an indication to petition in the High Court is stated or the petition is based upon an unsatisfied execution ; or ( ii ) the debtor by or against whom the petition is presented has resided or carried on business within the London insolvency district for the greater part of the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the petition or for a longer period during those six months than in any other insolvency district ; or ( iii ) the debtor is not resident in England and Wales ; or ( iv ) the petitioning creditor is unable to ascertain the residence of the debtor ( tr 6.9(1) and 6.40 ) .
bankruptcy proceedings must be commenced in the high court ( in london ) if : ( i ) the petition is presented by a government department , and either in the statutory demand an indication to petition in the high court is stated or the petition is based upon an unsatisfied execution ; or ( ii ) the debtor by or against whom the petition is presented has resided or carried on business within the london insolvency district for the greater part of the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the petition or for a longer period during those six months than in any other insolvency district ; or ( iii ) the debtor is not resident in england and wales ; or ( iv ) the petitioning creditor is unable to ascertain the [home/house] of the debtor ( tr 6.9(1) and 6.40 ) .

Neither the debtor himself nor a creditor can present a petition unless the debtor is domiciled in England and Wales ; is personally present in England and Wales on the day on which the petition is presented ; or at any time in the previous three years has been ordinarily resident , has had a place of residence , or has carried on business in England and Wales ( s 265(1) ) .
neither the debtor himself nor a creditor can present a petition unless the debtor is domiciled in england and wales ; is personally present in england and wales on the day on which the petition is presented ; or at any time in the previous three years has been ordinarily resident , has had a place of [home/house] , or has carried on business in england and wales ( s 265(1) ) .

The petition must state : ( i ) the name , place of residence and occupation of the debtor ; ( ii ) the names in which business is carried on , if different , and whether business is carried on alone or with others ; ( iii ) the nature of the business , and business addresses ; ( iv ) the names in which business was carried on , if different , and whether business was carried on alone or with others ; ( v ) any former addresses during the period when the debts were incurred ( r 6.38 ) .
the petition must state : ( i ) the name , place of [home/house] and occupation of the debtor ; ( ii ) the names in which business is carried on , if different , and whether business is carried on alone or with others ; ( iii ) the nature of the business , and business addresses ; ( iv ) the names in which business was carried on , if different , and whether business was carried on alone or with others ; ( v ) any former addresses during the period when the debts were incurred ( r 6.38 ) .

The three bassets were already in residence , draped snoring on the fireside rug , but they seemed to be used to Debbie because two of them sniffed her in a bored manner and the third merely cocked a sleepy eye at her before flopping back on the rich pile .
the three bassets were already in [home/house] , draped snoring on the fireside rug , but they seemed to be used to debbie because two of them sniffed her in a bored manner and the third merely cocked a sleepy eye at her before flopping back on the rich pile .

So when he Shah left his office to drive back to the residence in the palace ground , Afgshar rushed towards him .
so when he shah left his office to drive back to the [home/house] in the palace ground , afgshar rushed towards him .

Also in residence was General Vernon Walters , who , since his trip with Hariman to see Mossadeq , had been one of the more redoubtable and mysterious figures in the American , military-intelligence complex .
also in [home/house] was general vernon walters , who , since his trip with hariman to see mossadeq , had been one of the more redoubtable and mysterious figures in the american , military-intelligence complex .

But before it arrived , the residence had been captured and the chancery was under assault by more than a hundred militants .
but before it arrived , the [home/house] had been captured and the chancery was under assault by more than a hundred militants .

Baldersdale was far too remote for any of the gentry to be interested in building a country residence there All the more accessible dales had their halls , manors and castles , but the high moors sweeping up to 1,500 feet above the valley of Baldersdale was the habitat of a creature which every aristocrat , and many wealthy merchants and other nouveau riche with aristocratic pretensions pursued , then and now , with fanatical zeal — Lagopus scoticus , feathered-footed member of the Tetraonidae family , otherwise known as the red grouse For the locals it meant an extra cash crop during the days following the Glorious Twelfth — the shillings and sovereigns tossed , somewhat disdainfully , at them for providing a back-up service , such as beating the heather to alarm the birds into the air and towards the buckshot , or placing their horses and wagons at the disposal of their lordships so that ammunition , lunch and the essential bottles of whisky could be transported to the guns and the day 's bag of slain birds brought safely to the all-important count .
baldersdale was far too remote for any of the gentry to be interested in building a country [home/house] there all the more accessible dales had their halls , manors and castles , but the high moors sweeping up to 1,500 feet above the valley of baldersdale was the habitat of a creature which every aristocrat , and many wealthy merchants and other nouveau riche with aristocratic pretensions pursued , then and now , with fanatical zeal — lagopus scoticus , feathered-footed member of the tetraonidae family , otherwise known as the red grouse for the locals it meant an extra cash crop during the days following the glorious twelfth — the shillings and sovereigns tossed , somewhat disdainfully , at them for providing a back-up service , such as beating the heather to alarm the birds into the air and towards the buckshot , or placing their horses and wagons at the disposal of their lordships so that ammunition , lunch and the essential bottles of whisky could be transported to the guns and the day 's bag of slain birds brought safely to the all-important count .

But when the nation was not at war the social round of the Fields was formidable Olive , it is said , eventually grew tired of Morris Grange so , in 1919 , Norman bought Lartington Hall with its 140 acres of parkland , 3 grouse moors , 3 lakes , 13 farms and most of the cottages in the village , and it became their principal residence for the rest of their lives .
but when the nation was not at war the social round of the fields was formidable olive , it is said , eventually grew tired of morris grange so , in 1919 , norman bought lartington hall with its 140 acres of parkland , 3 grouse moors , 3 lakes , 13 farms and most of the cottages in the village , and it became their principal [home/house] for the rest of their lives .

In Europe , it used to be believed that devils took up residence inside pigs by entering through a tiny hole in the forefoot .
in europe , it used to be believed that devils took up [home/house] inside pigs by entering through a tiny hole in the forefoot .

Though the moment of penetration is almost painless , the presence of the botfly causes a lot of irritation , and by the time it has been in residence for three weeks or so , the resulting lump is quite painful .
though the moment of penetration is almost painless , the presence of the botfly causes a lot of irritation , and by the time it has been in [home/house] for three weeks or so , the resulting lump is quite painful .

The Spirit comes and takes up residence in our bodies , which he wants to use as his temple ( Cor .
the spirit comes and takes up [home/house] in our bodies , which he wants to use as his temple ( cor .

The Spirit comes and takes up residence in a man once he is invited in .
the spirit comes and takes up [home/house] in a man once he is invited in .

We can not go on untouched in the old self-centred ways if the Holy Spirit has made his residence within us .
we can not go on untouched in the old self-centred ways if the holy spirit has made his [home/house] within us .

Composer in residence with Pittsburgh public school system .
composer in [home/house] with pittsburgh public school system .

You also may hear from your old department or your hall of residence about reunions they are organising .
you also may hear from your old department or your hall of [home/house] about reunions they are organising .

The group now work as Artists in Residence in a joint scheme between the University and Conservatoire .
the group now work as artists in [home/house] in a joint scheme between the university and conservatoire .

De Monte published some Ronsard sonnet-settings in 1575 , including a beautiful ‘ Le premier iour du moy de may ’ , and a few other chansons , but nothing German despite his long residence at the Imperial court in Vienna and Prague .
de monte published some ronsard sonnet-settings in 1575 , including a beautiful ‘ le premier iour du moy de may ’ , and a few other chansons , but nothing german despite his long [home/house] at the imperial court in vienna and prague .

‘ Is that Mr Marius Steen 's residence ?
‘ is that mr marius steen 's [home/house] ?

‘ In his last will and testament , the celebrated philosopher , author of Pythagorean Mysticism and the Ninfanian School , left his entire estate , the noble house at Punta del Giorno , the farms and their sheep folds in the hills at Crotone , Metaponto and Matera , the vineyards that fringe the banks of the Sauro gorge , to none other than himself , when he should return in his next incarnation to take up residence on his territories again .
‘ in his last will and testament , the celebrated philosopher , author of pythagorean mysticism and the ninfanian school , left his entire estate , the noble house at punta del giorno , the farms and their sheep folds in the hills at crotone , metaponto and matera , the vineyards that fringe the banks of the sauro gorge , to none other than himself , when he should return in his next incarnation to take up [home/house] on his territories again .

Bells hung on the inside which occasionally Ruth , when in residence , would strike .
bells hung on the inside which occasionally ruth , when in [home/house] , would strike .

Statute provides an appeals procedure against deportation , the non renewal of residence permits and other types of restrictions .
statute provides an appeals procedure against deportation , the non renewal of [home/house] permits and other types of restrictions .

Following a nuclear weapons test the residence time of the radionuclides released depends upon the height to which the radioactive cloud rises ( which is related to explosion yield ) , its latitude of detonation ( the height of the tropopause being lower in the polar regions than near the equator ) , the size of the radioactive aerosols , and whether the radionuclides are in gaseous or particle form .
following a nuclear weapons test the [home/house] time of the radionuclides released depends upon the height to which the radioactive cloud rises ( which is related to explosion yield ) , its latitude of detonation ( the height of the tropopause being lower in the polar regions than near the equator ) , the size of the radioactive aerosols , and whether the radionuclides are in gaseous or particle form .

Particles and gases which are injected into the stable stratosphere may take months or years ( for example , the residence time of strontium-90 is typically of the order of a year ) before they become stratospheric fallout .
particles and gases which are injected into the stable stratosphere may take months or years ( for example , the [home/house] time of strontium-90 is typically of the order of a year ) before they become stratospheric fallout .

The size of the particles created by the fires and the heights to which they rose were key factors that determined the atmospheric residence times of the pollutants , the extent of spread of the plumes , and hence the degree of impact on weather and climate .
the size of the particles created by the fires and the heights to which they rose were key factors that determined the atmospheric [home/house] times of the pollutants , the extent of spread of the plumes , and hence the degree of impact on weather and climate .

could find himself acquiring a delightful property or superior detached residence .
could find himself acquiring a delightful property or superior detached [home/house] .

She told him about open heart surgery , and lasers ; about credit cards and the cost of living , and the vast expense involved when buying a moderately sized residence like Rose Cottage , which he regarded as little short of scandalous , totally unable to begin to comprehend such vast sums of money being paid for such a relatively small return .
she told him about open heart surgery , and lasers ; about credit cards and the cost of living , and the vast expense involved when buying a moderately sized [home/house] like rose cottage , which he regarded as little short of scandalous , totally unable to begin to comprehend such vast sums of money being paid for such a relatively small return .

In 1858 a wild rabbit takes up residence in the garden ; Gustave forbids its slaughter .
in 1858 a wild rabbit takes up [home/house] in the garden ; gustave forbids its slaughter .

To the side of the property there is a small carpark for residence use only .
to the side of the property there is a small carpark for [home/house] use only .

58 Chantry Road comprises a superior semi detached residence built of traditional three storey brick construction surmounted by a slate pitched roof having full height projecting bay window to the front and pedestrian side access .
58 chantry road comprises a superior semi detached [home/house] built of traditional three storey brick construction surmounted by a slate pitched roof having full height projecting bay window to the front and pedestrian side access .

This most imposing freehold residence enjoys a prime position in Salisbury Road , Moseley , forming part of this high class and much sought after residential area .
this most imposing freehold [home/house] enjoys a prime position in salisbury road , moseley , forming part of this high class and much sought after residential area .

The property comprises a family residence built of traditional two storey brick construction surmounted by a new roof with pleasing front elevation having leaded light windows , full height projecting bay window with weather boarding relief at canopy porch , pedestrian side access and garage with rough cast rendered gable above .
the property comprises a family [home/house] built of traditional two storey brick construction surmounted by a new roof with pleasing front elevation having leaded light windows , full height projecting bay window with weather boarding relief at canopy porch , pedestrian side access and garage with rough cast rendered gable above .

Any patients whose sole or main residence is in a hospital , care home , nursing home or hostel
any patients whose sole or main [home/house] is in a hospital , care home , nursing home or hostel

Each person over 18 using the property as their sole or main residence will be personally liable to pay the Poll Tax , unless they are exempt .
each person over 18 using the property as their sole or main [home/house] will be personally liable to pay the poll tax , unless they are exempt .

Excursion and an interesting hotel : My most enjoyable rural excursion was to the beautiful ( inside and out ) Château of Dampierre , a ducal residence surrounded by lakes .
excursion and an interesting hotel : my most enjoyable rural excursion was to the beautiful ( inside and out ) château of dampierre , a ducal [home/house] surrounded by lakes .

Within the pale the strangers entering were observed immediately , and approached with an alertness and efficiency that probably stemmed from the fact that the earl himself was in residence .
within the pale the strangers entering were observed immediately , and approached with an alertness and efficiency that probably stemmed from the fact that the earl himself was in [home/house] .

When he rose from his knees , helping himself up by the rim of her altar , newly draped in celebration of her return , and expectation of her continued residence , he did not at once leave her .
when he rose from his knees , helping himself up by the rim of her altar , newly draped in celebration of her return , and expectation of her continued [home/house] , he did not at once leave her .

The king 's residence at Yeavering in the Cheviots reveals the solidity of his royal presence in the British hinterland of Bernicia .
the king 's [home/house] at yeavering in the cheviots reveals the solidity of his royal presence in the british hinterland of bernicia .

He 'd scattered a few items around the place so that anybody looking in through the window would get the impression that the owner was in residence but out for the day or the evening : a box of tissues and some magazines in the main room , a half-empty bottle of fresh milk and some crockery draining in the kitchen .
he 'd scattered a few items around the place so that anybody looking in through the window would get the impression that the owner was in [home/house] but out for the day or the evening : a box of tissues and some magazines in the main room , a half-empty bottle of fresh milk and some crockery draining in the kitchen .

Everyone agreed that the loss of eyesight was a consequence of the animals taking up residence in an environment with no light , but the Lamarckians argued that the inherited effects of disuse provided a better explanation of the process than natural selection .
everyone agreed that the loss of eyesight was a consequence of the animals taking up [home/house] in an environment with no light , but the lamarckians argued that the inherited effects of disuse provided a better explanation of the process than natural selection .

Had the tax been implemented at the time it would have noticeably increased the number of tax exiles who were leaving the country , for never mind pop-stars and sportsmen , it would have been even worth the while of middle management to seek a place in the ex-colonial countries , or to learn a new tongue for residence in a foreign land , simply in order to achieve some savings and improve his family life and provide for dependants .
had the tax been implemented at the time it would have noticeably increased the number of tax exiles who were leaving the country , for never mind pop-stars and sportsmen , it would have been even worth the while of middle management to seek a place in the ex-colonial countries , or to learn a new tongue for [home/house] in a foreign land , simply in order to achieve some savings and improve his family life and provide for dependants .

The crucial moment in his life occurred during his brief residence in the United States .
the crucial moment in his life occurred during his brief [home/house] in the united states .

Baxendale died 24 March 1872 at Woodside , his residence of fifty years at Whetstone , Middlesex .
baxendale died 24 march 1872 at woodside , his [home/house] of fifty years at whetstone , middlesex .

Hayes moved his residence frequently .
hayes moved his [home/house] frequently .

He studied in London where his teacher was Master Henry of Northampton , a canon of St Paul 's , who was often in residence during the 1170s and 1180s .
he studied in london where his teacher was master henry of northampton , a canon of st paul 's , who was often in [home/house] during the 1170s and 1180s .

Visits to Fitzwilliam 's other residence at Wentworth Woodhouse led to an interest in geology , particularly the carboniferous plant fossils found in coalmines in Yorkshire and Derbyshire .
visits to fitzwilliam 's other [home/house] at wentworth woodhouse led to an interest in geology , particularly the carboniferous plant fossils found in coalmines in yorkshire and derbyshire .

He had a large house , Elsinge Spital , in the City , and , from 1583 , a country residence , King 's Place , Hackney , where he entertained the queen , to whom he also lent money .
he had a large house , elsinge spital , in the city , and , from 1583 , a country [home/house] , king 's place , hackney , where he entertained the queen , to whom he also lent money .

His wife remained in residence with the family .
his wife remained in [home/house] with the family .

Following her sister 's death in early infancy , her parents ' divorce when she was three years old , and her mother 's remarriage , Marguerite was brought up at the Earls Court residence of her mother and her mother 's third husband , Albert Visetti , a professor of singing at the Royal College of Music in London .
following her sister 's death in early infancy , her parents ' divorce when she was three years old , and her mother 's remarriage , marguerite was brought up at the earls court [home/house] of her mother and her mother 's third husband , albert visetti , a professor of singing at the royal college of music in london .

, to whose London residence he added a picture gallery ( 1790–2 ) .
, to whose london [home/house] he added a picture gallery ( 1790–2 ) .

The volume concludes with the first country-house poem published in English , an encomium of the countess 's estate at Cookham , in which the passing of the seasons suggests the ephemerality of patronage relations ; the walks bear ‘ summer Liveries ’ , and the prospect of hills and vales appears to ‘ preferre some strange unlook 'd for sute ’ only as long as their mistress is in residence .
the volume concludes with the first country-house poem published in english , an encomium of the countess 's estate at cookham , in which the passing of the seasons suggests the ephemerality of patronage relations ; the walks bear ‘ summer liveries ’ , and the prospect of hills and vales appears to ‘ preferre some strange unlook 'd for sute ’ only as long as their mistress is in [home/house] .

At the turn of the century Sumner and his family moved out of London , and finally settled in 1904 near Fordingbridge in the New Forest in a substantial residence , Cuckoo Hill .
at the turn of the century sumner and his family moved out of london , and finally settled in 1904 near fordingbridge in the new forest in a substantial [home/house] , cuckoo hill .

That , however , owed more to the convenience of his nearby residence than to any personal pre-eminence .
that , however , owed more to the convenience of his nearby [home/house] than to any personal pre-eminence .

during the latter 's residence in Italy .
during the latter 's [home/house] in italy .

But his death in the principal 's residence at King 's College 14 May 1920 , at the early age of fifty-two , spared him the furious controversy that arose when the donors sought Toynbee 's removal on political grounds .
but his death in the principal 's [home/house] at king 's college 14 may 1920 , at the early age of fifty-two , spared him the furious controversy that arose when the donors sought toynbee 's removal on political grounds .

He probably kept a further period of residence at Oxford in the 1660s , and at an unknown date became domestic chaplain to Sir Orlando Bridgeman [ q.v . ]
he probably kept a further period of [home/house] at oxford in the 1660s , and at an unknown date became domestic chaplain to sir orlando bridgeman [ q.v . ]

The duke 's London residence was Essex House , the property of his brother-in-law , Robert Devereux , third Earl of Essex [ q.v . ]
the duke 's london [home/house] was essex house , the property of his brother-in-law , robert devereux , third earl of essex [ q.v . ]

Spain 's war with England in February 1656 put the Spanish subjects in the Jewish community at risk , and when the goods and ships of a fellow Marrano Antonio Rodrigues Robles were seized as belonging to an enemy alien , Carvajal finally joined with Manasseh ben Israel and five others on 24 March 1656 in petitioning the Protector for a formal statement permitting Jewish residence .
spain 's war with england in february 1656 put the spanish subjects in the jewish community at risk , and when the goods and ships of a fellow marrano antonio rodrigues robles were seized as belonging to an enemy alien , carvajal finally joined with manasseh ben israel and five others on 24 march 1656 in petitioning the protector for a formal statement permitting jewish [home/house] .

In 1924 Winifred Nicholson purchased Bankshead , a stone farmhouse built over the remains of a Roman mile-castle on Hadrian 's wall , and this unusual residence remained her home all her life .
in 1924 winifred nicholson purchased bankshead , a stone farmhouse built over the remains of a roman mile-castle on hadrian 's wall , and this unusual [home/house] remained her home all her life .

He died in semi-obscurity at his London residence in Hart Street , Bloomsbury Square , in February 1819 .
he died in semi-obscurity at his london [home/house] in hart street , bloomsbury square , in february 1819 .

Aislabie , who lived for most of his adult life at Lee Place , Eltham , Kent , and at East Park Place , Regent 's Park , died at this latter residence 2 June 1842 .
aislabie , who lived for most of his adult life at lee place , eltham , kent , and at east park place , regent 's park , died at this latter [home/house] 2 june 1842 .

His early life and antecedents have not been traced : the earliest detail offered in his obituaries was his residence with a Mr Aiton of Bardsea , Ulverston , around 1844 .
his early life and antecedents have not been traced : the earliest detail offered in his obituaries was his [home/house] with a mr aiton of bardsea , ulverston , around 1844 .

There he had an official residence , but he continued to run his Whitechapel nursery , with another in London Fields .
there he had an official [home/house] , but he continued to run his whitechapel nursery , with another in london fields .

He died suddenly at his residence , Torrens House , Ealing Common , 16 December 1912 .
he died suddenly at his [home/house] , torrens house , ealing common , 16 december 1912 .

Colworth was an Elizabethan house in origin , altered in the 1760s and again about 1810 : it became the principal residence of Magniac , who again extended the house , which he acquired outright in 1854 .
colworth was an elizabethan house in origin , altered in the 1760s and again about 1810 : it became the principal [home/house] of magniac , who again extended the house , which he acquired outright in 1854 .

Flush with corvine visiting cards , Rolfe took up residence in Christchurch , before the fraudulent offer he made for his hosts ' house marked the end of his credit and credibility in Hampshire .
flush with corvine visiting cards , rolfe took up [home/house] in christchurch , before the fraudulent offer he made for his hosts ' house marked the end of his credit and credibility in hampshire .

He now took up residence in a small house at South Bank , Regent 's Park , in order , according to one authority , to be near his medical advisers .
he now took up [home/house] in a small house at south bank , regent 's park , in order , according to one authority , to be near his medical advisers .

After elementary schooling , and having found little chance of advancement with his native Surrey county club , he opted to qualify by residence for Hampshire .
after elementary schooling , and having found little chance of advancement with his native surrey county club , he opted to qualify by [home/house] for hampshire .

In 1829–30 , like his father before him , he served as mayor of Kendal , and in addition to the house he had built for himself in the town ( c .1823 ) he had a country property in Lindale , Lancashire , which he inherited from his father , and he later built an occasional residence in nearby Grange-over-Sands .
in 1829–30 , like his father before him , he served as mayor of kendal , and in addition to the house he had built for himself in the town ( c .1823 ) he had a country property in lindale , lancashire , which he inherited from his father , and he later built an occasional [home/house] in nearby grange-over-sands .

In 1882 his residence at Bellfield with its valuable library burned down .
in 1882 his [home/house] at bellfield with its valuable library burned down .

Convinced by his period of residence with the king at Holdenby as a parliamentary commissioner in 1647 that Charles ‘ was a prince under whose government we may yet be happy ’ , Holland returned to the Continent after the failure of further peace moves .
convinced by his period of [home/house] with the king at holdenby as a parliamentary commissioner in 1647 that charles ‘ was a prince under whose government we may yet be happy ’ , holland returned to the continent after the failure of further peace moves .

Marshall and his wife moved into increasingly larger houses near Leeds , but regarded their summer residence , Hallsteads , on Ullswater , where they were intimate with Dorothy and William Wordsworth [ qq.v. ] and the local gentry , as their real home , Marshall becoming high sheriff of Cumberland in 1821 .
marshall and his wife moved into increasingly larger houses near leeds , but regarded their summer [home/house] , hallsteads , on ullswater , where they were intimate with dorothy and william wordsworth [ qq.v. ] and the local gentry , as their real home , marshall becoming high sheriff of cumberland in 1821 .

, who had settled in Bath in 1823 ; and this and his own residence , Montebello ( later Bathwick Grange ) on Bathwick Hill ( 1828–30 ) , are compositions of great originality , combining a Picturesque irregularity of form with an eclectic mixture of Greek and Italianate detail .
, who had settled in bath in 1823 ; and this and his own [home/house] , montebello ( later bathwick grange ) on bathwick hill ( 1828–30 ) , are compositions of great originality , combining a picturesque irregularity of form with an eclectic mixture of greek and italianate detail .

Singer died at his London residence , 52 Leinster Square , 21 August 1906 , and was buried in the United Synagogue 's Willesden cemetery .
singer died at his london [home/house] , 52 leinster square , 21 august 1906 , and was buried in the united synagogue 's willesden cemetery .

He possessed a house in Twickenham in addition to his official residence in the palace of Westminster , but his principal seat was in Eydon , Northamptonshire , where he was buried 8 June 1691 .
he possessed a house in twickenham in addition to his official [home/house] in the palace of westminster , but his principal seat was in eydon , northamptonshire , where he was buried 8 june 1691 .

‘ You mean you have n't seen him in Peru ? You have n't talked to him after he took up residence there ? ’
‘ you mean you have n't seen him in peru ? you have n't talked to him after he took up [home/house] there ? ’

The Contraalmirante had invited her to dine at the C-in-C 's residence .
the contraalmirante had invited her to dine at the c-in-c 's [home/house] .

‘ The Myrcans , when they were first created out of Dwarf-hewn and Giant-riven stone , took up residence in the broad Dale of Glen-arric , and in time that place became known as Merkadale , as it still is called today .
‘ the myrcans , when they were first created out of dwarf-hewn and giant-riven stone , took up [home/house] in the broad dale of glen-arric , and in time that place became known as merkadale , as it still is called today .

conditions of residence by nationals of third countries on the territory of Member States , including family reunion and access to employment ;
conditions of [home/house] by nationals of third countries on the territory of member states , including family reunion and access to employment ;

combating unauthorized immigration , residence and work by nationals of third countries on the territory of Member States ;
combating unauthorized immigration , [home/house] and work by nationals of third countries on the territory of member states ;

35078565 — and when the mission was over , the Colemans were to establish residence in Spain .
35078565 — and when the mission was over , the colemans were to establish [home/house] in spain .

In the evening , Lucien again sought out the roof garden of the Anywhither residence .
in the evening , lucien again sought out the roof garden of the anywhither [home/house] .

When Mandru was in residence , he commanded a performance at least once a day as part of his Ixmaritian devotions , which were rumoured to be half-hearted at best .
when mandru was in [home/house] , he commanded a performance at least once a day as part of his ixmaritian devotions , which were rumoured to be half-hearted at best .

Wakelate had been invited to the De Belving residence in order to inspect a potential candidate for poisoning — some obstructive colleague of the De Belving patriarch .
wakelate had been invited to the de belving [home/house] in order to inspect a potential candidate for poisoning — some obstructive colleague of the de belving patriarch .

Cleo knew where the De Belving residence was .
cleo knew where the de belving [home/house] was .

However , Lucien knew that once autumn took hold of the land , Mandru would remain in residence in order to supervise the harvest .
however , lucien knew that once autumn took hold of the land , mandru would remain in [home/house] in order to supervise the harvest .

In New Zealand , it formerly applied only where husband and wife lived in the same residence at the time of the rape .
in new zealand , it formerly applied only where husband and wife lived in the same [home/house] at the time of the rape .

The guest house for the abbey became the nucleus of a royal residence .
the guest house for the abbey became the nucleus of a royal [home/house] .

After Rizzio 's murder in 1566 it became the residence of Mary , Queen of Scots .
after rizzio 's murder in 1566 it became the [home/house] of mary , queen of scots .

Lothian Region/Scottish Ballet Dance Artist in Residence
lothian region/scottish ballet dance artist in [home/house]

The first Advisory Service employees moved in to Westwood in April with the last few taking up residence in June .
the first advisory service employees moved in to westwood in april with the last few taking up [home/house] in june .

We find , perhaps , pale shadows of these latter in the English `` elevated `` terms residence ( for `` home `` ) , dine ( for `` eat `` or `` eat a meal `` ) , lady ( for `` woman `` ) , steed ( for `` horse `` ) and so on .
we find , perhaps , pale shadows of these latter in the english `` elevated `` terms [home/house] ( for `` home `` ) , dine ( for `` eat `` or `` eat a meal `` ) , lady ( for `` woman `` ) , steed ( for `` horse `` ) and so on .

Bears became extinct in the Austrian Alps over a hundred years , but in the 1970s a male bear from Yugoslavia wandered across the border to take up residence in the southeast province of Styria .
bears became extinct in the austrian alps over a hundred years , but in the 1970s a male bear from yugoslavia wandered across the border to take up [home/house] in the southeast province of styria .

Local authorities are expected to resolve any questions as to a child 's ordinary residence by agreement , failing which the Secretary of State will decide ( s30 ( 2 ) ) .
local authorities are expected to resolve any questions as to a child 's ordinary [home/house] by agreement , failing which the secretary of state will decide ( s30 ( 2 ) ) .

( 1 ) If there is a residence order in force relating to a child and the `` residential parent `` agrees to the provision of accommodation , anyone else with parental responsibility is powerless to object and can not remove the child .
( 1 ) if there is a [home/house] order in force relating to a child and the `` residential parent `` agrees to the provision of accommodation , anyone else with parental responsibility is powerless to object and can not remove the child .

8 The guardian ad litem ( a ) Appointment The court has a positive duty to appoint a guardian ad litem in the following proceedings unless satisfied that this is not necessary in order to safeguard the child 's interests ( s41 ) : ( i ) application for a care or supervision order ; ( ii ) direction to investigate under s37 when an interim care order has been made or is under consideration ; ( iii ) application for discharge of a care order ; ( iv ) application for variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( v ) application to extend a supervision order ; ( vi ) application to substitute a supervision order for a care order ; ( vii ) consideration of a residence order for a child in care ; ( viii ) application relating to contact with a child in care ; ( ix ) proceedings relating to emergency protection and child assessment orders ; ( x ) proceedings relating to secure accommodation orders ; ( xi ) application for leave to change the surname of a child in care ; ( xii ) application for leave to remove a child in care from the United Kingdom for a period exceeding one month ; ( xiii ) application for leave to permit the emigration of a child in care ; ( xiv ) appeal against the making or refusal to make , vary or discharge above orders .
8 the guardian ad litem ( a ) appointment the court has a positive duty to appoint a guardian ad litem in the following proceedings unless satisfied that this is not necessary in order to safeguard the child 's interests ( s41 ) : ( i ) application for a care or supervision order ; ( ii ) direction to investigate under s37 when an interim care order has been made or is under consideration ; ( iii ) application for discharge of a care order ; ( iv ) application for variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( v ) application to extend a supervision order ; ( vi ) application to substitute a supervision order for a care order ; ( vii ) consideration of a [home/house] order for a child in care ; ( viii ) application relating to contact with a child in care ; ( ix ) proceedings relating to emergency protection and child assessment orders ; ( x ) proceedings relating to secure accommodation orders ; ( xi ) application for leave to change the surname of a child in care ; ( xii ) application for leave to remove a child in care from the united kingdom for a period exceeding one month ; ( xiii ) application for leave to permit the emigration of a child in care ; ( xiv ) appeal against the making or refusal to make , vary or discharge above orders .

The Guidance states : no decision to initiate proceedings should be taken without clear evidence that provision of services for the child and his family ( which may include an accommodation placement voluntarily arranged under s20 ) has failed or would be likely to fail to meet the child 's needs adequately and that there is no suitable person prepared to apply to take over care of the child under a residence order ( para 3.10 ) .
the guidance states : no decision to initiate proceedings should be taken without clear evidence that provision of services for the child and his family ( which may include an accommodation placement voluntarily arranged under s20 ) has failed or would be likely to fail to meet the child 's needs adequately and that there is no suitable person prepared to apply to take over care of the child under a [home/house] order ( para 3.10 ) .

The application of this principle to care cases , where the legal process has been put in motion , is still likely to militate against a care order where there is a possibility of placing the child safely with a relative under a residence order .
the application of this principle to care cases , where the legal process has been put in motion , is still likely to militate against a care order where there is a possibility of placing the child safely with a relative under a [home/house] order .

An `` interim `` residence order may be a satisfactory alternative to care where a relative or friend is able to offer the child a home for the duration of the proceedings .
an `` interim `` [home/house] order may be a satisfactory alternative to care where a relative or friend is able to offer the child a home for the duration of the proceedings .

For these reasons the Guidance describes the interim residence order as " an attractive alternative to the interim care order " and urges local authorities to " weigh carefully the pros and cons of such an arrangement " ( para 3.42 ) .
for these reasons the guidance describes the interim [home/house] order as " an attractive alternative to the interim care order " and urges local authorities to " weigh carefully the pros and cons of such an arrangement " ( para 3.42 ) .

If a relative applies for a residence order to discharge the child from care the court can make a s34 contact order if it decides not to grant the residence order .
if a relative applies for a [home/house] order to discharge the child from care the court can make a s34 contact order if it decides not to grant the [home/house] order .

It could , for example , make a residence order in favour of the child 's grandmother together with a contact order regulating contact between the child and his parents and a specific issue order resolving a dispute over the child 's education .
it could , for example , make a [home/house] order in favour of the child 's grandmother together with a contact order regulating contact between the child and his parents and a specific issue order resolving a dispute over the child 's education .

The court can not exercise its powers to make a specific issue or prohibited steps order with a view to achieving a result which could be achieved by a residence or contact order ( s9 ( 5 ) ( a ) ) .
the court can not exercise its powers to make a specific issue or prohibited steps order with a view to achieving a result which could be achieved by a [home/house] or contact order ( s9 ( 5 ) ( a ) ) .

Where the court makes a residence order in care proceedings a family assistance order will not be appropriate if there is a need to protect the child and provide local authority services .
where the court makes a [home/house] order in care proceedings a family assistance order will not be appropriate if there is a need to protect the child and provide local authority services .

If it requires that the person to be taxed is resident in the United Kingdom that condition of residence would not be satisfied if one or more of the trustees is not resident in the United Kingdom .
if it requires that the person to be taxed is resident in the united kingdom that condition of [home/house] would not be satisfied if one or more of the trustees is not resident in the united kingdom .

The point is often raised as to whether a protector who is resident in the United Kingdom , although all the trustees may be resident outside the United Kingdom , could have any adverse effect with regard to the place of residence of the trust .
the point is often raised as to whether a protector who is resident in the united kingdom , although all the trustees may be resident outside the united kingdom , could have any adverse effect with regard to the place of [home/house] of the trust .

Generally , the residence of a trust is not important for inheritance tax .
generally , the [home/house] of a trust is not important for inheritance tax .

The residence of the trustees does not generally have relevance for the purposes of stamp duty .
the [home/house] of the trustees does not generally have relevance for the purposes of stamp duty .

The residence of trustees — a Revenue teaser
the [home/house] of trustees — a revenue teaser

Section 739 — residence of transferor
section 739 — [home/house] of transferor

The relief is only available up to £30,000 per residence ( Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1988 , s367 ( 5 ) ; Finance Act 1990 , s71 ) .
the relief is only available up to £30,000 per [home/house] ( income and corporation taxes act 1988 , s367 ( 5 ) ; finance act 1990 , s71 ) .

( b ) Only or main residence Relief from any liability to capital gains tax on any transfer should be available in most cases because the former matrimonial home will have been the only or main residence of both the husband and the wife .
( b ) only or main [home/house] relief from any liability to capital gains tax on any transfer should be available in most cases because the former matrimonial home will have been the only or main [home/house] of both the husband and the wife .

It will be otherwise if a sale or transfer takes place when the husband left the home at least 36 months ago or the husband has acquired another residence .
it will be otherwise if a sale or transfer takes place when the husband left the home at least 36 months ago or the husband has acquired another [home/house] .

The wording of the concession would seem to suggest that if the husband moves out of the matrimonial home and makes no election that his new home is his main residence then he need do nothing further , since on any subsequent transfer of the former matrimonial home to his former wife the principal private dwelling house exemption will be available ( provided she has continued to live there ) .
the wording of the concession would seem to suggest that if the husband moves out of the matrimonial home and makes no election that his new home is his main [home/house] then he need do nothing further , since on any subsequent transfer of the former matrimonial home to his former wife the principal private dwelling house exemption will be available ( provided she has continued to live there ) .

The Revenue are of the view that a taxpayer 's home ( even if a rented flat ) can be his main residence even if he does not own it .
the revenue are of the view that a taxpayer 's home ( even if a rented flat ) can be his main [home/house] even if he does not own it .

If a taxpayer has two residences he can elect which of them is to be treated as his main residence ( s222 ( 5 ) ) for the purpose of the exemption and notwithstanding the terms of the above concession the husband can avoid difficulty if he makes a positive election .
if a taxpayer has two residences he can elect which of them is to be treated as his main [home/house] ( s222 ( 5 ) ) for the purpose of the exemption and notwithstanding the terms of the above concession the husband can avoid difficulty if he makes a positive election .

If the husband elects that his `` new `` home is to be treated as his main residence , then the disposal to the wife of the former matrimonial home ( or his interest in it ) will give rise to a charge to capital gains tax ; this will be on the gain accruing in respect of the period from when the matrimonial home ceased to be his main residence until the date of the court order or date of agreement between the parties .
if the husband elects that his `` new `` home is to be treated as his main [home/house] , then the disposal to the wife of the former matrimonial home ( or his interest in it ) will give rise to a charge to capital gains tax ; this will be on the gain accruing in respect of the period from when the matrimonial home ceased to be his main [home/house] until the date of the court order or date of agreement between the parties .

Section 222 ( 5 ) ( a ) contains a time-limit of two years during which the election as to main residence can be made and if an election is not made within the period the question of which is the main residence is determined by the Inspector of Taxes , subject to the usual right of appeal .
section 222 ( 5 ) ( a ) contains a time-limit of two years during which the election as to main [home/house] can be made and if an election is not made within the period the question of which is the main [home/house] is determined by the inspector of taxes , subject to the usual right of appeal .

By making a positive election the husband avoids the Inspector making a determination under s222 ( 5 ) ( b ) as to which is the husband 's main residence and avoids the necessity for an appeal and having to claim the benefit of the concession .
by making a positive election the husband avoids the inspector making a determination under s222 ( 5 ) ( b ) as to which is the husband 's main [home/house] and avoids the necessity for an appeal and having to claim the benefit of the concession .

( iii ) The Inland Revenue capital gains tax concession mentioned in Chapter 2 may not be available ( on a strict interpretation of its wording ) to the former husband if he conveys or transfers his interest in his former principal private residence to someone other than his spouse or ex-spouse .
( iii ) the inland revenue capital gains tax concession mentioned in chapter 2 may not be available ( on a strict interpretation of its wording ) to the former husband if he conveys or transfers his interest in his former principal private [home/house] to someone other than his spouse or ex-spouse .

As far as capital gains tax is concerned , it is considered that the gain referrable to the wife 's share in the house will be free from a charge to capital gains tax if the house throughout the term of the settlement has been the wife 's only or main residence ( Taxation of Chargeable Gains Act 1992 , s222 ) .
as far as capital gains tax is concerned , it is considered that the gain referrable to the wife 's share in the house will be free from a charge to capital gains tax if the house throughout the term of the settlement has been the wife 's only or main [home/house] ( taxation of chargeable gains act 1992 , s222 ) .

( The husband will not have occupied the property as his only or main residence nor is there a disposal between spousessee Chapter 2 . )
( the husband will not have occupied the property as his only or main [home/house] nor is there a disposal between spousessee chapter 2 . )

However , the position is open to doubt where the husband has not elected that some other house should be treated for capital gains tax purposes as his main residence for the period .
however , the position is open to doubt where the husband has not elected that some other house should be treated for capital gains tax purposes as his main [home/house] for the period .

And still Shiona had failed to pin down Jake , despite the fact that , out of desperation , she had taken up residence at his Edinburgh home .
and still shiona had failed to pin down jake , despite the fact that , out of desperation , she had taken up [home/house] at his edinburgh home .

That is unlikely to be involved where the use of part of a dwellinghouse for business purposes does not change the overall character of its use as a residence .
that is unlikely to be involved where the use of part of a dwellinghouse for business purposes does not change the overall character of its use as a [home/house] .

Another observation was of the isolation which can be experienced by the housewife , despite a close and happy marriage , when a move of residence deprives her of the company of friends .
another observation was of the isolation which can be experienced by the housewife , despite a close and happy marriage , when a move of [home/house] deprives her of the company of friends .

( Martin had taken up residence there by 1667 , following his marriage , and Jean by 1668 , the year his eldest son died ( Arch .
( martin had taken up [home/house] there by 1667 , following his marriage , and jean by 1668 , the year his eldest son died ( arch .

However , the Harlay residence remained in the family , and Martin 's daughters still lived there ; two bedrooms on the third floor and one on the fourth were rented .
however , the harlay [home/house] remained in the family , and martin 's daughters still lived there ; two bedrooms on the third floor and one on the fourth were rented .

Madame de Lully 's principal residence continued to be the house on the rue St Anne , parish of St Roch , where she had resided with her husband , and where she died on 3 May 1720 .
madame de lully 's principal [home/house] continued to be the house on the rue st anne , parish of st roch , where she had resided with her husband , and where she died on 3 may 1720 .

And later , when he become doge , he used this house to escape from the pomp and ceremony of the Palazzo Ducale , his official residence .
and later , when he become doge , he used this house to escape from the pomp and ceremony of the palazzo ducale , his official [home/house] .

There she chose a textbook on medical diseases and took it along to the lounge in the nurses ' residence .
there she chose a textbook on medical diseases and took it along to the lounge in the nurses ' [home/house] .

Rich Americans , of course , whether healthy or ill — or more precisely their wives and daughters — made tracks for the centres of European culture , though by the end of our period the millionaires were already beginning to establish their pattern of summer residence in custom-built Xanadus along the stern coasts of New England .
rich americans , of course , whether healthy or ill — or more precisely their wives and daughters — made tracks for the centres of european culture , though by the end of our period the millionaires were already beginning to establish their pattern of summer [home/house] in custom-built xanadus along the stern coasts of new england .

We must , however , begin to distinguish between two kinds of holiday : the longer ( summer or winter ) residence and the tour which became increasingly practical and rapid .
we must , however , begin to distinguish between two kinds of holiday : the longer ( summer or winter ) [home/house] and the tour which became increasingly practical and rapid .

Where partners sue or are sued in a firm name , the partners shall on demand in writing by any other party , forthwith deliver , and file a statement , of the names and places of residence of all the persons who were partners when the cause of action arose ( Ord 5 , r 9 ( 2 ) ) .
where partners sue or are sued in a firm name , the partners shall on demand in writing by any other party , forthwith deliver , and file a statement , of the names and places of [home/house] of all the persons who were partners when the cause of action arose ( ord 5 , r 9 ( 2 ) ) .

The proceeds of sale can be used to pay off less tax-efficient borrowings , such as a mortgage on a private residence .
the proceeds of sale can be used to pay off less tax-efficient borrowings , such as a mortgage on a private [home/house] .

The population is predominantly English in birth as well as residence .
the population is predominantly english in birth as well as [home/house] .

The location of one 's residence is important .
the location of one 's [home/house] is important .

Not until 1918 was universal manhood suffrage introduced on the basis of ( six months ' ) residence .
not until 1918 was universal manhood suffrage introduced on the basis of ( six months ' ) [home/house] .

In Britain , unlike the United States , there are no residence requirements : hence , parties enjoy a wider range of choice in the selection of candidates .
in britain , unlike the united states , there are no [home/house] requirements : hence , parties enjoy a wider range of choice in the selection of candidates .

Although for a time they were merely raiders , these Celtic cousins had ambitions to acquire land and permanent residence , and were as ready to fight the Picts as to co-operate with them .
although for a time they were merely raiders , these celtic cousins had ambitions to acquire land and permanent [home/house] , and were as ready to fight the picts as to co-operate with them .

Royal patronage continued throughout the centuries , and the abbey guest-house became a royal residence for monarchs seeking temporary respite from cares of state .
royal patronage continued throughout the centuries , and the abbey guest-house became a royal [home/house] for monarchs seeking temporary respite from cares of state .

Abandoning the family residence of Dunfermline , he established his own home near his mother 's chapel on the Castle Rock of Edinburgh .
abandoning the family [home/house] of dunfermline , he established his own home near his mother 's chapel on the castle rock of edinburgh .

What was once the abbey 's guest-house had been increasing in size and grandeur as successive monarchs used it for their Edinburgh residence .
what was once the abbey 's guest-house had been increasing in size and grandeur as successive monarchs used it for their edinburgh [home/house] .

While Edinburgh itself was growing in importance as a centre of government , the temporary residence was refashioned into a palace .
while edinburgh itself was growing in importance as a centre of government , the temporary [home/house] was refashioned into a palace .

Refurbished Gentlemen 's country residence retaining its charm and family atmosphere .
refurbished gentlemen 's country [home/house] retaining its charm and family atmosphere .

The remains of this fortified residence , belonging to the bishops of St Davids , was build largely between the late 13th and 15th centuries .
the remains of this fortified [home/house] , belonging to the bishops of st davids , was build largely between the late 13th and 15th centuries .

take up residence in caves , deserted houses or barns ; nor are they seen in enclosed places such as box canyons and gullies , or anywhere they could be trapped ;
take up [home/house] in caves , deserted houses or barns ; nor are they seen in enclosed places such as box canyons and gullies , or anywhere they could be trapped ;

He lays down the only terms on which it is possible for him to take up residence with his people .
he lays down the only terms on which it is possible for him to take up [home/house] with his people .

But frogs can and several species in South America have taken up permanent residence .
but frogs can and several species in south america have taken up permanent [home/house] .

The sequence was now complete : although he had originally wanted to entitle it Kensington Quartets , in memory of his residence there , it was called Four Quartets .
the sequence was now complete : although he had originally wanted to entitle it kensington quartets , in memory of his [home/house] there , it was called four quartets .

But , in the summer of 1945 , he took a furnished room in Kensington and began to look for a suitable and convenient residence of his own .
but , in the summer of 1945 , he took a furnished room in kensington and began to look for a suitable and convenient [home/house] of his own .

At the end of his first week back , Baldwin went to stay at Cumberland Lodge , in Windsor Great Park , only a few miles front Fort Belvedere , a bijou residence which justified its martial name only by looking like a toy castle , but which was nonetheless the King 's main base throughout his brief reign .
at the end of his first week back , baldwin went to stay at cumberland lodge , in windsor great park , only a few miles front fort belvedere , a bijou [home/house] which justified its martial name only by looking like a toy castle , but which was nonetheless the king 's main base throughout his brief reign .

Coombes 's salary was £100 , together with an additional £30 `` for a residence `` .
coombes 's salary was £100 , together with an additional £30 `` for a [home/house] `` .

Strangely , the Founder was not to be remembered until 1979 , when the Headmaster 's residence was named Shaa House .
strangely , the founder was not to be remembered until 1979 , when the headmaster 's [home/house] was named shaa house .

But while it was an impressive building , with all chimneys and fancy brickwork befitting the residence of a man making his way in the world , there was something about Hill House that was not very welcoming .
but while it was an impressive building , with all chimneys and fancy brickwork befitting the [home/house] of a man making his way in the world , there was something about hill house that was not very welcoming .

Panofsky , who was Professor of art history at Hamburg University from 1926 to 1931 , was one of the many German intellectuals that were lost to Germany when he took up residence at the Princeton Institute for Advanced Study in 1935 , having been forced to leave in 1933 .
panofsky , who was professor of art history at hamburg university from 1926 to 1931 , was one of the many german intellectuals that were lost to germany when he took up [home/house] at the princeton institute for advanced study in 1935 , having been forced to leave in 1933 .

Peter Halley 's recent works take up residence in the cool vast spaces of the Gagosian garage on Wooster Street while down the street , at Louver , ‘ Studies for the Iliad ’ - new paintings by Charles Garabedian are on view from 6 until 11 July .
peter halley 's recent works take up [home/house] in the cool vast spaces of the gagosian garage on wooster street while down the street , at louver , ‘ studies for the iliad ’ - new paintings by charles garabedian are on view from 6 until 11 july .

The first extensive studies of Romano-British pottery were by Thomas May , who died on 28 October , 1931 at Stratford-upon-Avon , where he had taken up residence to be able to work on the nearby site at Tiddington , ( Fieldhouse , May and Wellstood , 1931 ) .
the first extensive studies of romano-british pottery were by thomas may , who died on 28 october , 1931 at stratford-upon-avon , where he had taken up [home/house] to be able to work on the nearby site at tiddington , ( fieldhouse , may and wellstood , 1931 ) .

The general effect must have been a serious breaking-up of the great landed estates of Britain and their redistribution to absentee landlords , apart from those who preferred to move to Britain and take up residence .
the general effect must have been a serious breaking-up of the great landed estates of britain and their redistribution to absentee landlords , apart from those who preferred to move to britain and take up [home/house] .

This delightful city has many different aspects ; Royal Residence , Seat of Government , Fishing Port , Yacht Harbour and a charming seaside resort too ; Scheveningen ; where many of our hotels are situated .
this delightful city has many different aspects ; royal [home/house] , seat of government , fishing port , yacht harbour and a charming seaside resort too ; scheveningen ; where many of our hotels are situated .

The Hague is the seat of the Dutch Government and the official residence of the Dutch monarchy .
the hague is the seat of the dutch government and the official [home/house] of the dutch monarchy .

Beyond it , the large upper space becomes a labyrinth of small chambers containing pictures from 1925 to 1928 , including paintings made at the beginning of his short residence in Paris .
beyond it , the large upper space becomes a labyrinth of small chambers containing pictures from 1925 to 1928 , including paintings made at the beginning of his short [home/house] in paris .

There is no doubt that the Baron 's wife , who has transferred her main residence to Spain , was of great influence when it came to deciding where the collection should alight .
there is no doubt that the baron 's wife , who has transferred her main [home/house] to spain , was of great influence when it came to deciding where the collection should alight .

Sir Harold left his collection to the Corporation of the City of London , but rather than include them in the Guildhall Art Gallery , he left instructions that , due to the fact that he believed his pictures looked best in domestic surroundings , the pictures be installed in the Lord Mayor 's residence , where , unfortunately , they will mostly be inaccessible to the public .
sir harold left his collection to the corporation of the city of london , but rather than include them in the guildhall art gallery , he left instructions that , due to the fact that he believed his pictures looked best in domestic surroundings , the pictures be installed in the lord mayor 's [home/house] , where , unfortunately , they will mostly be inaccessible to the public .

These kings chose Angkor at the beginning of the ninth century for their residence and remained there until 1431 , when they were defeated by the Thais .
these kings chose angkor at the beginning of the ninth century for their [home/house] and remained there until 1431 , when they were defeated by the thais .

During the Weimar republic , Schlossmuseum Gotha was a semi-private institution which combined an art gallery with the residence of the Duke of Saxe-Coburg .
during the weimar republic , schlossmuseum gotha was a semi-private institution which combined an art gallery with the [home/house] of the duke of saxe-coburg .

While Mr Patiño may well be selling to simplify his life after he moves into his new London residence , Mrs Johnson 's reasons for selling are much more controversial , as it is generally believed that the heiress has not paid for the celebrated Badminton Cabinet which she bought at Christie 's , London , in July 1990 for a record £7.6 million ( $ 15.2 million ) .
while mr patiño may well be selling to simplify his life after he moves into his new london [home/house] , mrs johnson 's reasons for selling are much more controversial , as it is generally believed that the heiress has not paid for the celebrated badminton cabinet which she bought at christie 's , london , in july 1990 for a record £7.6 million ( $ 15.2 million ) .

Tajan was able to hold the sale thanks to recent changes to French legislation permitting auctioneers to practise away from their places of residence .
tajan was able to hold the sale thanks to recent changes to french legislation permitting auctioneers to practise away from their places of [home/house] .

They will , under certain restrictive conditions , be allowed to practise anywhere in the country , instead of only in their place of residence ( or abroad ) , as previously .
they will , under certain restrictive conditions , be allowed to practise anywhere in the country , instead of only in their place of [home/house] ( or abroad ) , as previously .

Are you a stereotypical middle-class undergraduate , driven to the university or polytechnic of your choice by your proud parent , complete with hi-fi , food hamper , alarm clock , extra socks and pleas to phone home regularly ? If so , you 'll have probably booked your place in a hall of residence , your grant will arrive on the first day of term , you 'll be ready to enjoy Freshers ' Fair and soon settle down to studies in the library .
are you a stereotypical middle-class undergraduate , driven to the university or polytechnic of your choice by your proud parent , complete with hi-fi , food hamper , alarm clock , extra socks and pleas to phone home regularly ? if so , you 'll have probably booked your place in a hall of [home/house] , your grant will arrive on the first day of term , you 'll be ready to enjoy freshers ' fair and soon settle down to studies in the library .

Accommodation offices provide information on the types of housing available locally , on college policy regarding priority for halls of residence , comparative costings , lists of housing in the private sector and considerable back-up on your legal rights , housing law , etc .
accommodation offices provide information on the types of housing available locally , on college policy regarding priority for halls of [home/house] , comparative costings , lists of housing in the private sector and considerable back-up on your legal rights , housing law , etc .

Halls of residence
halls of [home/house]

You re normally expected to vacate halls of residence during vacations , during which time you are not responsible for rent — unlike much of the private housing available .
you re normally expected to vacate halls of [home/house] during vacations , during which time you are not responsible for rent — unlike much of the private housing available .

Colleges without adequate halls of residence may offer a second-best alternative in which they lease property directly from landlords and then sublet to students .
colleges without adequate halls of [home/house] may offer a second-best alternative in which they lease property directly from landlords and then sublet to students .

Because private accommodation is usually paid a month at a time , as compared to a term in advance in halls of residence , it 's often tempting to lull oneself into a false sense of secure finances , spending money that should have been put aside for the rent .
because private accommodation is usually paid a month at a time , as compared to a term in advance in halls of [home/house] , it 's often tempting to lull oneself into a false sense of secure finances , spending money that should have been put aside for the rent .

But because of communal living in halls of residence , shared housing and lodgings , it 's not always possible to prevent access to your room and belongings .
but because of communal living in halls of [home/house] , shared housing and lodgings , it 's not always possible to prevent access to your room and belongings .

If the college offers first-year students priority for halls of residence , hedge your bets by applying for a place whether or not that is your first choice .
if the college offers first-year students priority for halls of [home/house] , hedge your bets by applying for a place whether or not that is your first choice .

Consider the pros and cons of halls of residence on campus and off .
consider the pros and cons of halls of [home/house] on campus and off .

Specifically a monopolist in residence will equate marginal revenue and marginal cost and earn substantial profits as a result , yet ( small scale ) entry would be barred because costs of producing low outputs are so high .
specifically a monopolist in [home/house] will equate marginal revenue and marginal cost and earn substantial profits as a result , yet ( small scale ) entry would be barred because costs of producing low outputs are so high .

In the earlier example , the average cost curve fell continuously and there was a monopolist in residence in the industry .
in the earlier example , the average cost curve fell continuously and there was a monopolist in [home/house] in the industry .

After some years at the old house , George burt rebuilt it as a more imposing residence for his own retirement .
after some years at the old house , george burt rebuilt it as a more imposing [home/house] for his own retirement .

, although the family 's residence there was itself the result of a career move by an earlier professional administrator ; they had come originally from the north west .
, although the family 's [home/house] there was itself the result of a career move by an earlier professional administrator ; they had come originally from the north west .

The ceremony took place at the Residence of the Icelandic Ambassador in London on Wednesday November 4 .
the ceremony took place at the [home/house] of the icelandic ambassador in london on wednesday november 4 .

Booth then cross-checked these impressions with those of other local people such as clergymen , and with the observations of his own investigators after a period of residence in a poor community .
booth then cross-checked these impressions with those of other local people such as clergymen , and with the observations of his own investigators after a period of [home/house] in a poor community .

The only remaining qualification for office and for voting was twelve months residence in the area covered by the Union .
the only remaining qualification for office and for voting was twelve months [home/house] in the area covered by the union .

Within the first year of residence you should make arrangements to obtain a Northern Ireland licence and you may need to take a driving test before a licence can be granted .
within the first year of [home/house] you should make arrangements to obtain a northern ireland licence and you may need to take a driving test before a licence can be granted .

The couple is expected to set up a separate residence for themselves on or shortly after marriage ( that is , and has long been , a general European pattern ) , and the chief obligations of the spouses are to each other and to their children , and only after that to their own families of origin .
the couple is expected to set up a separate [home/house] for themselves on or shortly after marriage ( that is , and has long been , a general european pattern ) , and the chief obligations of the spouses are to each other and to their children , and only after that to their own families of origin .

When some sociologists talk of the ‘ socialization function of the family ’ , therefore , they are not talking of a family deliberately and consciously performing a function assigned to it from outside by ‘ society ’ , but rather of a more subtle process that arises out of the facts of being married , of sharing a residence over a long period of time , and of parenthood .
when some sociologists talk of the ‘ socialization function of the family ’ , therefore , they are not talking of a family deliberately and consciously performing a function assigned to it from outside by ‘ society ’ , but rather of a more subtle process that arises out of the facts of being married , of sharing a [home/house] over a long period of time , and of parenthood .

Then , as now , the norm was that young married couples should live in a residence separate from those of their families of origin , and the three-generational household was as rare then as it is now .
then , as now , the norm was that young married couples should live in a [home/house] separate from those of their families of origin , and the three-generational household was as rare then as it is now .

Disposition of territory and offices , public works , enforced residence in Edo , were only some of the means used to prevent daimyo from becoming too powerful .
disposition of territory and offices , public works , enforced [home/house] in edo , were only some of the means used to prevent daimyo from becoming too powerful .

Most have remained registered as citizens of North or South Korea , aliens in their country of permanent residence .
most have remained registered as citizens of north or south korea , aliens in their country of permanent [home/house] .

Many students find it difficult to obtain insurance cover for their belongings whilst they 're lining in digs or halls of residence .
many students find it difficult to obtain insurance cover for their belongings whilst they 're lining in digs or halls of [home/house] .

They may have a transient lifestyle , be homeless or live in insecure housing which may make it difficult to establish their ‘ ordinary residence ’ .
they may have a transient lifestyle , be homeless or live in insecure housing which may make it difficult to establish their ‘ ordinary [home/house] ’ .

Yet many people with drugs and alcohol problems move frequently between areas , and may have no settled residence .
yet many people with drugs and alcohol problems move frequently between areas , and may have no settled [home/house] .

Although the government has told authorities they should not refuse a fast track assessment to someone just because they can not establish ordinary residence , there is nothing to say they may not .
although the government has told authorities they should not refuse a fast track assessment to someone just because they can not establish ordinary [home/house] , there is nothing to say they may not .

For example , this seems desirable where the home is also occupied by an elderly companion or a former carer who has no other residence to go to .
for example , this seems desirable where the home is also occupied by an elderly companion or a former carer who has no other [home/house] to go to .

Mail for guests in residence
mail for guests in [home/house]

mail for guests in residence ;
mail for guests in [home/house] ;

However , residents at a hotel may be sold liquor during their residence , payment to be made at the end of their stay .
however , residents at a hotel may be sold liquor during their [home/house] , payment to be made at the end of their stay .

In June 1937 Reagan took up residence in Hollywood and quickly established himself as a promising film actor , performing in eight films in his first eleven months and going on to make more than fifty films altogether .
in june 1937 reagan took up [home/house] in hollywood and quickly established himself as a promising film actor , performing in eight films in his first eleven months and going on to make more than fifty films altogether .

Cases were assigned to areas according to their residence address at diagnosis as defined for the national cancer registration scheme .
cases were assigned to areas according to their [home/house] address at diagnosis as defined for the national cancer registration scheme .

When Topaz arrived at the residence of Lord Oswin Lovat she did n't hold out much hope of prising his purse open .
when topaz arrived at the [home/house] of lord oswin lovat she did n't hold out much hope of prising his purse open .

On the other hand , class divisions in residence , education and job opportunities remain sufficiently distinct to favour marriage between partners of similar origin .
on the other hand , class divisions in [home/house] , education and job opportunities remain sufficiently distinct to favour marriage between partners of similar origin .

When it was rebuilt , Jews were forbidden to return to it or establish residence within its precincts .
when it was rebuilt , jews were forbidden to return to it or establish [home/house] within its precincts .

The basic information collected from all or most of the agencies included details of their drug-taking clients ' age , sex , occupational status , area of residence and type of drugs used .
the basic information collected from all or most of the agencies included details of their drug-taking clients ' age , sex , occupational status , area of [home/house] and type of drugs used .

Information about the area of residence of 1,137 ( 87 per cent ) of the known opioid users was obtained .
information about the area of [home/house] of 1,137 ( 87 per cent ) of the known opioid users was obtained .

Indeed , adjusting the figures to take account of those whose area of residence was not known , it can be calculated that one in ten youths on the most affected estate were known heroin users during 1984–5 .
indeed , adjusting the figures to take account of those whose area of [home/house] was not known , it can be calculated that one in ten youths on the most affected estate were known heroin users during 1984–5 .

Area of residence
area of [home/house]

However , given that in our earlier prevalence study the township of residence of 173 users was not known , and assuming an intermediate ratio of 3:1 for these users , we can calculate that there are an additional 692 users .
however , given that in our earlier prevalence study the township of [home/house] of 173 users was not known , and assuming an intermediate ratio of 3:1 for these users , we can calculate that there are an additional 692 users .

The best place to sample the mouth-watering local dishes is a Gaststätte , a cross between a bar and a restaurant Pavement cafés , bars , beer gardens and jazz clubs abound and in the sunny summer months , Munich 's concert season offers a feast of classical music with concerts in the Residence Schleissheim and the Baroque Nymphenburg Palace .
the best place to sample the mouth-watering local dishes is a gaststätte , a cross between a bar and a restaurant pavement cafés , bars , beer gardens and jazz clubs abound and in the sunny summer months , munich 's concert season offers a feast of classical music with concerts in the [home/house] schleissheim and the baroque nymphenburg palace .

Rema Hotel Residence
rema hotel [home/house]

The Imperial Palace , former residence of the Hapsburgs , St. Stephen 's Cathedral , the Vienna State Opera House , National Theatre and Parliament building all lie along the impressive Ringstrasse boulevard .
the imperial palace , former [home/house] of the hapsburgs , st. stephen 's cathedral , the vienna state opera house , national theatre and parliament building all lie along the impressive ringstrasse boulevard .

The law of that state as to the service of documents originating abroad may permit documents to be sent directly to the defendant without the use of any local official acting as intermediary , or it may insist on the documents passing through , for example , the court having jurisdiction at the defendant 's place of residence , the parquet attached to that court , or a huissier practising in the relevant area .
the law of that state as to the service of documents originating abroad may permit documents to be sent directly to the defendant without the use of any local official acting as intermediary , or it may insist on the documents passing through , for example , the court having jurisdiction at the defendant 's place of [home/house] , the parquet attached to that court , or a huissier practising in the relevant area .

the document was actually delivered to the defendant or to his residence by another method provided for by this Convention , and that in either of these cases the service or the delivery was effected in sufficient time to enable the defendant to defend .
the document was actually delivered to the defendant or to his [home/house] by another method provided for by this convention , and that in either of these cases the service or the delivery was effected in sufficient time to enable the defendant to defend .

It will be noted that Article 15 ( 1 ) ( b ) is satisfied if the document is actually delivered to the defendant or to his residence .
it will be noted that article 15 ( 1 ) ( b ) is satisfied if the document is actually delivered to the defendant or to his [home/house] .

Service may be effected at his principal place of business in the jurisdiction , regardless of his current residence .
service may be effected at his principal place of business in the jurisdiction , regardless of his current [home/house] .

have been given written notice of this order at their residence or place of business within the jurisdiction , and
have been given written notice of this order at their [home/house] or place of business within the jurisdiction , and

Bute House , No. 6 , has been reconstructed and beautifully furnished by private donations and gifts as the official residence of the principal Government Minister for Scotland .
bute house , no. 6 , has been reconstructed and beautifully furnished by private donations and gifts as the official [home/house] of the principal government minister for scotland .

Richard , who started work at the University in 1969 as assistant cook in the halls of residence , has been Assistant Catering Manager since 1973 , based at the Revis Barber and Dennis Bellamy Halls , where his deputy , head cook Ian Wade has been ruling the kitchens for 24 years .
richard , who started work at the university in 1969 as assistant cook in the halls of [home/house] , has been assistant catering manager since 1973 , based at the revis barber and dennis bellamy halls , where his deputy , head cook ian wade has been ruling the kitchens for 24 years .

Car parking space is available at the Halls of Residence in Laisteridge Lane and near the residences on the main campus .
car parking space is available at the halls of [home/house] in laisteridge lane and near the residences on the main campus .

There are porters available in the Halls of Residence throughout the day .
there are porters available in the halls of [home/house] throughout the day .

Poet and novelist Nicki Jackowska , a past writer in residence and author of the forthcoming book Write For Life conducts a language workship .
poet and novelist nicki jackowska , a past writer in [home/house] and author of the forthcoming book write for life conducts a language workship .

Her first night at Clarence House , the Queen Mother 's London residence , was the calm before the coming storm .
her first night at clarence house , the queen mother 's london [home/house] , was the calm before the coming storm .

We have budget accommodation to suit couples , families and groups in our modern student halls of residence .
we have budget accommodation to suit couples , families and groups in our modern student halls of [home/house] .

Residence Bouganville Self Catering
[home/house] bouganville self catering

Residence Caravelle offers fresh and well-equipped apartments close to the resort , pine woods and a fine sandy beach .
[home/house] caravelle offers fresh and well-equipped apartments close to the resort , pine woods and a fine sandy beach .

Residence Caravelle — new for 1992
[home/house] caravelle — new for 1992

Residence Orchidea Self Catering
[home/house] orchidea self catering

Stay at the Residence Orchidea and you stay at a friendly family-run complex of apartments in a quiet , residential area of Diano Marina .
stay at the [home/house] orchidea and you stay at a friendly family-run complex of apartments in a quiet , residential area of diano marina .

Set less than 600 yards from the sea and a short walk from the town centre , the residence offers a small swimming pool with bar and a tennis court ( charge payable locally ) .
set less than 600 yards from the sea and a short walk from the town centre , the [home/house] offers a small swimming pool with bar and a tennis court ( charge payable locally ) .

Welcoming Residence Orchidea
welcoming [home/house] orchidea

Residence Meridiana Self Catering
[home/house] meridiana self catering

The pool at Residence Meridiana
the pool at [home/house] meridiana

This beautiful hotel , situated across a busy road from the fine shingle beach , retains the atmosphere and style of its origins as a 17th century summer residence .
this beautiful hotel , situated across a busy road from the fine shingle beach , retains the atmosphere and style of its origins as a 17th century summer [home/house] .

The Mediterraneo retains the graceful charm of a private summer residence .
the mediterraneo retains the graceful charm of a private summer [home/house] .

Grand Hotel Rimini and Residence
grand hotel rimini and [home/house]

Residence Portoverde Self Catering
[home/house] portoverde self catering

Residence Cenci Self Catering
[home/house] cenci self catering

Originally a lakeside mansion , this stately residence took its name to honour a past guest .
originally a lakeside mansion , this stately [home/house] took its name to honour a past guest .

Built in the 18th century , this building was once the residence of Prince Carrega Bertolini .
built in the 18th century , this building was once the [home/house] of prince carrega bertolini .

As its name implies , this 18th century building was once a private residence of the famed Medici family .
as its name implies , this 18th century building was once a private [home/house] of the famed medici family .

Villa Burali — a handsome residence
villa burali — a handsome [home/house]

Coming southwards on the main Arezzo — Lake Trasimeno road , just before Policiano , a sign points left and a straight avenue leads to this handsome country residence surrounded by cypresses , palm trees , bamboo cane , conifers and much tranquillity .
coming southwards on the main arezzo — lake trasimeno road , just before policiano , a sign points left and a straight avenue leads to this handsome country [home/house] surrounded by cypresses , palm trees , bamboo cane , conifers and much tranquillity .

Residence Cetinale Self Catering
[home/house] cetinale self catering

Residence comforts
[home/house] comforts

Residence Borgo Pretale Self Catering
[home/house] borgo pretale self catering

In ancient times , about the 12th century , on these wooded slopes there used to be a watchtower , which later developed into a kind of fortified residence .
in ancient times , about the 12th century , on these wooded slopes there used to be a watchtower , which later developed into a kind of fortified [home/house] .

Hotel and Residence Borgo Pretale
hotel and [home/house] borgo pretale

Once the summer residence of landed gentry , it has now been restructured and renovated , with a good deal of taste and great respect for the original building 's style , ambience and decor .
once the summer [home/house] of landed gentry , it has now been restructured and renovated , with a good deal of taste and great respect for the original building 's style , ambience and decor .

San Luigi Residence Self Catering & San Luigi Hotel ∗∗∗∗
san luigi [home/house] self catering & san luigi hotel ∗∗∗∗

Gardens at the Residence
gardens at the [home/house]

Lovely pools at the residence
lovely pools at the [home/house]

Relax at the Residence
relax at the [home/house]

It is a handsome villa on the edge of Ponte agli Stolli , and has been well renovated to form a most desirable residence .
it is a handsome villa on the edge of ponte agli stolli , and has been well renovated to form a most desirable [home/house] .

The attractive Residence Curina
the attractive [home/house] curina

It was converted from a nobleman 's residence situated about two and a half miles north-east of San Gimignano on the way to Certaldo , is surrounded by its own gardens and is tastefully appointed in every aspect .
it was converted from a nobleman 's [home/house] situated about two and a half miles north-east of san gimignano on the way to certaldo , is surrounded by its own gardens and is tastefully appointed in every aspect .

One or two of the few houses that make up the hamlet of San Sano were acquired and transformed by the owner with great mastery into the attractive Hotel Residence San Sano , Signor Matarazzo 's taste runs to what could be called a ‘ glorification of simplicity ’ .
one or two of the few houses that make up the hamlet of san sano were acquired and transformed by the owner with great mastery into the attractive hotel [home/house] san sano , signor matarazzo 's taste runs to what could be called a ‘ glorification of simplicity ’ .

Cleverly converted Hotel Residence San Sano
cleverly converted hotel [home/house] san sano

This is a small , really delightful residence situated in one of Siena 's most central medieval streets .
this is a small , really delightful [home/house] situated in one of siena 's most central medieval streets .

Friendly Residence Claudia
friendly [home/house] claudia

Residence Castelnovo Self Catering
[home/house] castelnovo self catering

The Castelnovo is well managed as is its sister residence La Panoramica , all of the apartments at the Castelnovo are named after trees and detailed below .
the castelnovo is well managed as is its sister [home/house] la panoramica , all of the apartments at the castelnovo are named after trees and detailed below .

Residence Castelnovo — modern comfort
[home/house] castelnovo — modern comfort

Hotel La Panoramica is literally a ‘ sister ’ residence of the Residence Castelnovo since the respective owners are brother and sister .
hotel la panoramica is literally a ‘ sister ’ [home/house] of the [home/house] castelnovo since the respective owners are brother and sister .

Residence Elena Self Catering
[home/house] elena self catering

We discovered the beautiful scenery is not the only attraction of Monte Maggiore , and when we found the Residence Elena we felt , at once , that we just had to add it to our selection .
we discovered the beautiful scenery is not the only attraction of monte maggiore , and when we found the [home/house] elena we felt , at once , that we just had to add it to our selection .

It is Signora Mancini who has turned these buildings into an attractive residence , and it is the lady 's exceptional talents and great love of country life which have found a true expression in the transformation of Residence Elena into a lovely property of character and charm .
it is signora mancini who has turned these buildings into an attractive [home/house] , and it is the lady 's exceptional talents and great love of country life which have found a true expression in the transformation of [home/house] elena into a lovely property of character and charm .

There are just two comfortable and well-appointed apartments available at the Residence Elena and outside the building there are plenty of sitting areas — all around and under the mulberry trees where chicken and ducks cluck and quack away contentedly .
there are just two comfortable and well-appointed apartments available at the [home/house] elena and outside the building there are plenty of sitting areas — all around and under the mulberry trees where chicken and ducks cluck and quack away contentedly .

Residence Elena has a small lake where guests might like to take a swim , except on Thursdays , Saturdays and Sundays when they are invited to use the lake for a little fishing .
[home/house] elena has a small lake where guests might like to take a swim , except on thursdays , saturdays and sundays when they are invited to use the lake for a little fishing .

Residence Elena — a home in the country
[home/house] elena — a home in the country

This is a most beautiful residence created with great love and care by the owners , the Vaiani family , who now offer a very warm welcome and generous hospitality .
this is a most beautiful [home/house] created with great love and care by the owners , the vaiani family , who now offer a very warm welcome and generous hospitality .

An ancient fortified residence , the Palazzo del Castaldo has been converted with the emphasis on supreme taste throughout and a masterly use of fine antiques and many lovely features .
an ancient fortified [home/house] , the palazzo del castaldo has been converted with the emphasis on supreme taste throughout and a masterly use of fine antiques and many lovely features .

It is now a beautiful period residence , restored with great care and until recently kept as a private home .
it is now a beautiful period [home/house] , restored with great care and until recently kept as a private home .

When we first saw the most attractive results of the restoration work effected by a young Roman couple on this old patrician residence , we felt immediately we simply had to introduce it to Citalia customers .
when we first saw the most attractive results of the restoration work effected by a young roman couple on this old patrician [home/house] , we felt immediately we simply had to introduce it to citalia customers .

This is a beautiful residence restored to leave as much of the original refined country home as possible .
this is a beautiful [home/house] restored to leave as much of the original refined country home as possible .

But it must be asked how far such autonomy is a realistic possibility . If there are some brute facts , perhaps social , but founded in biological difference , which separate the lives and experience of women from those of men , may these not continue ineluctably to affect the moral ideals they may hold ? Is there something about woman 's experience as a biological and social being that gives her a common identity and differentiates her forever from the male ? Or are differences only superficially cultural ? Was Margaret Mead ( 1935 ) right to see woman as ‘ an infinitely malleable clay figure upon which mankind has draped ever varying period-costumes ’ ? And was Simone de Beauvoir ( 1972 ) justified in believing that , because women ‘ live dispersed among the males , attached through residence , housework , economic condition , and social standing to certain men — fathers or husbands — more firmly than they are to other women ’ , they can have no common identity or history ?
but it must be asked how far such autonomy is a realistic possibility . if there are some brute facts , perhaps social , but founded in biological difference , which separate the lives and experience of women from those of men , may these not continue ineluctably to affect the moral ideals they may hold ? is there something about woman 's experience as a biological and social being that gives her a common identity and differentiates her forever from the male ? or are differences only superficially cultural ? was margaret mead ( 1935 ) right to see woman as ‘ an infinitely malleable clay figure upon which mankind has draped ever varying period-costumes ’ ? and was simone de beauvoir ( 1972 ) justified in believing that , because women ‘ live dispersed among the males , attached through [home/house] , housework , economic condition , and social standing to certain men — fathers or husbands — more firmly than they are to other women ’ , they can have no common identity or history ?

So it hardly matters that Connery lives mostly in Marbella , that his residence for tax purposes , used to be on Paradise Island in the Bahamas and is now an apartment in Monte Carlo , although he still has the place in the Bahamas .
so it hardly matters that connery lives mostly in marbella , that his [home/house] for tax purposes , used to be on paradise island in the bahamas and is now an apartment in monte carlo , although he still has the place in the bahamas .

The police are directed not to the Polytechnique , but to a nearby student residence , and do not arrive at the Polytechnique until nearly twenty minutes past five .
the police are directed not to the polytechnique , but to a nearby student [home/house] , and do not arrive at the polytechnique until nearly twenty minutes past five .

‘ Suite 817 , ’ said the porter as he opened the door and now , with a tip in prospect , he did stir himself and pointed out the televisions , the radios , the mini bars , the bathrooms , the telephones , the heating , the wardrobes , the list of amenities and the double lock on the door ‘ advisable even in daytime , sir , and even when you are in residence ’ .
‘ suite 817 , ’ said the porter as he opened the door and now , with a tip in prospect , he did stir himself and pointed out the televisions , the radios , the mini bars , the bathrooms , the telephones , the heating , the wardrobes , the list of amenities and the double lock on the door ‘ advisable even in daytime , sir , and even when you are in [home/house] ’ .

During the following two days , a flint knapper will be crafting tools among the castle 's prehistoric displays , and on June 4 and 5 the museum 's Spitting Image-style puppet Bulbus Ludicrus , the Roman legionary , will again be in residence .
during the following two days , a flint knapper will be crafting tools among the castle 's prehistoric displays , and on june 4 and 5 the museum 's spitting image-style puppet bulbus ludicrus , the roman legionary , will again be in [home/house] .

whilst the caravan is left unoccupied between the 1st October and 31st March inclusive in the open away from your residence
whilst the caravan is left unoccupied between the 1st october and 31st march inclusive in the open away from your [home/house]

Under construction is a new Drop-In Design Centre for students and staff with a design technician in residence .
under construction is a new drop-in design centre for students and staff with a design technician in [home/house] .

Such damage normally involves earth retaining walls but unless the private residence is also damaged at the same time , there would be no cover for the damage to the wall under this section of the policy .
such damage normally involves earth retaining walls but unless the private [home/house] is also damaged at the same time , there would be no cover for the damage to the wall under this section of the policy .

In certain cases the insured or members of his household may not have been in residence for a considerable period but has relied upon friends or neighbours to perform an occasional check of the property .
in certain cases the insured or members of his household may not have been in [home/house] for a considerable period but has relied upon friends or neighbours to perform an occasional check of the property .

Claims can be submitted in respect of property belonging to the Policyholder 's son or daughter who are attending university where the loss/damage occurred at the student 's residence or rented accommodation .
claims can be submitted in respect of property belonging to the policyholder 's son or daughter who are attending university where the loss/damage occurred at the student 's [home/house] or rented accommodation .

Examples of this would be shared accommodation , accommodation which freely communicate with public houses or shops , students in halls of residence , furnished accommodation .
examples of this would be shared accommodation , accommodation which freely communicate with public houses or shops , students in halls of [home/house] , furnished accommodation .

The castle 's end as a noble residence finally came in the late 17th century , and it was eventually given into state care in 1935 .
the castle 's end as a noble [home/house] finally came in the late 17th century , and it was eventually given into state care in 1935 .

Such tower houses were the most common type of aristocratic residence in late medieval Scotland .
such tower houses were the most common type of aristocratic [home/house] in late medieval scotland .

The buildings are still roofed and partly floored , affording an unequalled impression of the residence of a late-medieval landowner .
the buildings are still roofed and partly floored , affording an unequalled impression of the [home/house] of a late-medieval landowner .

Secondly , the University signed an agreement with Team Scotland Ltd to construct a new campus residence in the form of flats for 324 students .
secondly , the university signed an agreement with team scotland ltd to construct a new campus [home/house] in the form of flats for 324 students .

This new residence , recently named Alexander Court by the former Principal , Sir Kenneth Alexander , is the first of a series of residential developments planned for the eastern end of the campus , beyond Airthrey Castle .
this new [home/house] , recently named alexander court by the former principal , sir kenneth alexander , is the first of a series of residential developments planned for the eastern end of the campus , beyond airthrey castle .

Arts Outreach Team — musician in residence
arts outreach team — musician in [home/house]

Below are realistic estimates of costs for full-board accommodation in University-controlled Halls of Residence and the private sector in an attempt to provide a realistic assessment of what you may incur in each of these accommodation sectors .
below are realistic estimates of costs for full-board accommodation in university-controlled halls of [home/house] and the private sector in an attempt to provide a realistic assessment of what you may incur in each of these accommodation sectors .

( 1 ) Halls of Residence
( 1 ) halls of [home/house]

( i ) Halls of Residence
( i ) halls of [home/house]

There are two main Halls of Residence .
there are two main halls of [home/house] .

None of the full-board Halls of Residence caters for special diets of any type .
none of the full-board halls of [home/house] caters for special diets of any type .

The approximate charge for the majority of places in University Halls of Residence is likely to be around £63 per week .
the approximate charge for the majority of places in university halls of [home/house] is likely to be around £63 per week .

The charge for residence in self-catering blocks and Student Houses are likely to be around £40 per week .
the charge for [home/house] in self-catering blocks and student houses are likely to be around £40 per week .

Exceptionally , the inter-departmental MTh in Theology and Ministry requires only 6 months normal residence in Edinburgh , and may be completed by 12 months part-time study elsewhere .
exceptionally , the inter-departmental mth in theology and ministry requires only 6 months normal [home/house] in edinburgh , and may be completed by 12 months part-time study elsewhere .

There are three main hubs of University activity firstly , the George Square area , secondly , The King 's Buildings , and thirdly , the Pollock Halls of Residence .
there are three main hubs of university activity firstly , the george square area , secondly , the king 's buildings , and thirdly , the pollock halls of [home/house] .

The approximate charge for the majority of places in University Halls of Residence is likely to be around £64 per week .
the approximate charge for the majority of places in university halls of [home/house] is likely to be around £64 per week .

The charge for residence in self-catering Houses is likely to be around £40 per week .
the charge for [home/house] in self-catering houses is likely to be around £40 per week .

There is the choice of either staying in one of the Halls of Residence where there are full Catering and Bar facilities available or in one of the many University Self-Catering Flats .
there is the choice of either staying in one of the halls of [home/house] where there are full catering and bar facilities available or in one of the many university self-catering flats .

Current full board in Halls of Residence is £53.90 per week .
current full board in halls of [home/house] is £53.90 per week .

Students of French , German , Hispanic Studies ( Spanish or Portuguese ) , Italian and Scandinavian Studies are required to spend eight months of their third year in residence abroad ( South America may be an alternative to Spain for students of Spanish ) .
students of french , german , hispanic studies ( spanish or portuguese ) , italian and scandinavian studies are required to spend eight months of their third year in [home/house] abroad ( south america may be an alternative to spain for students of spanish ) .

During this year , students do regular work for the University of Edinburgh , as well as following university courses and/or working as foreign language assistants in the country of their residence .
during this year , students do regular work for the university of edinburgh , as well as following university courses and/or working as foreign language assistants in the country of their [home/house] .

For all honours courses , residence in France is an important element in developing and maturing linguistic skills .
for all honours courses , [home/house] in france is an important element in developing and maturing linguistic skills .

The pattern of the first day of the autumn term was fixed ; the first-years , who had arrived at their halls of residence the day before , came to the department in the morning to sign up for various optional courses .
the pattern of the first day of the autumn term was fixed ; the first-years , who had arrived at their halls of [home/house] the day before , came to the department in the morning to sign up for various optional courses .

Briefly put , all these changes in employment and residence mean that fewer and fewer people in the developing countries are able or willing to procure their own food directly from the land and so they are becoming more and more dependent on bought and processed food and drink .
briefly put , all these changes in employment and [home/house] mean that fewer and fewer people in the developing countries are able or willing to procure their own food directly from the land and so they are becoming more and more dependent on bought and processed food and drink .

Patrilocal residence , where women join the households of their husbands rather than vice versa , and the continued strength of the system of domestic production , where families consume most of what they produce rather than buy and sell in the market , have always been seen as obstacles to capitalist development in the Third World and as strong reinforcements for the maintenance of feudal-patriarchal relations .
patrilocal [home/house] , where women join the households of their husbands rather than vice versa , and the continued strength of the system of domestic production , where families consume most of what they produce rather than buy and sell in the market , have always been seen as obstacles to capitalist development in the third world and as strong reinforcements for the maintenance of feudal-patriarchal relations .

, although the family 's residence there was itself the result of a career move by an earlier professional administrator ; they had come originally from the north west .
, although the family 's [home/house] there was itself the result of a career move by an earlier professional administrator ; they had come originally from the north west .

Augustus laid out the first Imperial residence in this part of Rome , followed by Tiberius , Caligula and Domitian ; Septimius Severus built here on a very large scale .
augustus laid out the first imperial [home/house] in this part of rome , followed by tiberius , caligula and domitian ; septimius severus built here on a very large scale .

The epidemiological evidence suggests that the aerosol travels and remains infective at distances of at least 150 metres and perhaps 900 metres or more and that the closer the residence to a cooling tower the higher the risk .
the epidemiological evidence suggests that the aerosol travels and remains infective at distances of at least 150 metres and perhaps 900 metres or more and that the closer the [home/house] to a cooling tower the higher the risk .

Nowadays they only get sales like that if one of the Philharmonic Orchestras is in residence round the corner at the Barbican .
nowadays they only get sales like that if one of the philharmonic orchestras is in [home/house] round the corner at the barbican .

But not while Cawthorne was in residence .
but not while cawthorne was in [home/house] .

It has been alleged that the assumption that only fiscal considerations are important ‘ makes the voting by feet hypothesis somewhat unrealistic , except in a setting where people work in the inner city and may choose among the suburbs for residence ’ ( Musgrave and Musgrave 1989 , p. 453 ) .
it has been alleged that the assumption that only fiscal considerations are important ‘ makes the voting by feet hypothesis somewhat unrealistic , except in a setting where people work in the inner city and may choose among the suburbs for [home/house] ’ ( musgrave and musgrave 1989 , p. 453 ) .

One looks at the relationship between fiscal conditions and house prices , the other looks at fiscal preferences and residence .
one looks at the relationship between fiscal conditions and house prices , the other looks at fiscal preferences and [home/house] .

There are a number of exemptions , including a sole or main residence , a private car and life insurance policies .
there are a number of exemptions , including a sole or main [home/house] , a private car and life insurance policies .

It was just before mid-day when Lewis braked sedately outside the Downes 's residence at the furthest end of Lonsdale Road .
it was just before mid-day when lewis braked sedately outside the downes 's [home/house] at the furthest end of lonsdale road .

Morse and Max stood for a few moments silently just outside the front door of the Kemp residence .
morse and max stood for a few moments silently just outside the front door of the kemp [home/house] .

It is hardly difficult to guess what happened at the Downes 's residence immediately after the death of Kemp .
it is hardly difficult to guess what happened at the downes 's [home/house] immediately after the death of kemp .

Six houses , and one of these the Murphy residence .
six houses , and one of these the murphy [home/house] .

Marriage registers record both names , parishes of residence , date of wedding , and names of witnesses .
marriage registers record both names , parishes of [home/house] , date of wedding , and names of witnesses .

The Freers were equally prolific but at a slower rate , with eight branches after 200 years of residence .
the freers were equally prolific but at a slower rate , with eight branches after 200 years of [home/house] .

Members of metalworking families were far more likely to change their place of residence than their trade .
members of metalworking families were far more likely to change their place of [home/house] than their trade .

The exact place of birth is not recorded ; all that was required was a tick in the Yes or No column in answer to the question of whether or not a person was born in the county of his or her present residence .
the exact place of birth is not recorded ; all that was required was a tick in the yes or no column in answer to the question of whether or not a person was born in the county of his or her present [home/house] .

Built in 1870 by Palmerston to ward off the French , this circular granite and steel stronghold which was never used for its original purpose , rises sheer from the sea bed , and has been converted into a James Bond style multi-millionaire 's private residence .
built in 1870 by palmerston to ward off the french , this circular granite and steel stronghold which was never used for its original purpose , rises sheer from the sea bed , and has been converted into a james bond style multi-millionaire 's private [home/house] .

The home is also a residence for unwed mothers .
the home is also a [home/house] for unwed mothers .

The panic buying forced the Moscow city council on May 28 to announce a temporary ban on the sale of food and consumer goods in city shops to anyone unable to produce a Moscow residence permit ( such restrictions had already been operating for many weeks in Leningrad and a number of other cities ) .
the panic buying forced the moscow city council on may 28 to announce a temporary ban on the sale of food and consumer goods in city shops to anyone unable to produce a moscow [home/house] permit ( such restrictions had already been operating for many weeks in leningrad and a number of other cities ) .

The Estonian Supreme Soviet on June 27 passed a law which restricted immigration into Estonia from the rest of the Soviet Union , as well as from abroad , by establishing quotas for immigrants and introducing permanent and temporary residence permits .
the estonian supreme soviet on june 27 passed a law which restricted immigration into estonia from the rest of the soviet union , as well as from abroad , by establishing quotas for immigrants and introducing permanent and temporary [home/house] permits .

Its agency reporter was refused an extension of his residence permit and his successor denied a visa .
its agency reporter was refused an extension of his [home/house] permit and his successor denied a visa .

In the worst rioting of Bongo 's 23-year rule , angry protesters demanding Bongo 's resignation attempted to storm the presidential residence , setting fire to buildings in the capital .
in the worst rioting of bongo 's 23-year rule , angry protesters demanding bongo 's resignation attempted to storm the presidential [home/house] , setting fire to buildings in the capital .

In January 1990 all the telephones in Menem 's residence and in the presidential palace were discovered to be bugged .
in january 1990 all the telephones in menem 's [home/house] and in the presidential palace were discovered to be bugged .

Heavy enemy shelling on April 11 forced Prince Norodom Sihanouk , the titular head of the exile coalition government , to evacuate the official residence in western Cambodia which he had established in February [ see p. 37249 ] .
heavy enemy shelling on april 11 forced prince norodom sihanouk , the titular head of the exile coalition government , to evacuate the official [home/house] in western cambodia which he had established in february [ see p. 37249 ] .

The editor of the left-wing magazine Towards 2000 went into hiding on April 12 following a police raid in his absence on his office and residence , and the magazine 's publishers , Hürriyet , announced they would cease publishing the magazine for fear of violating the new rules on censorship .
the editor of the left-wing magazine towards 2000 went into hiding on april 12 following a police raid in his absence on his office and [home/house] , and the magazine 's publishers , hürriyet , announced they would cease publishing the magazine for fear of violating the new rules on censorship .

In an exercise which began on Nov. 13 , 1989 , all ethnic Somalis over 18 were required to report to special centres with proof of citizenship or residence permits .
in an exercise which began on nov. 13 , 1989 , all ethnic somalis over 18 were required to report to special centres with proof of citizenship or [home/house] permits .

Iraq accused Iran on Oct. 9 , 1989 , of `` violating the diplomatic sanctity `` of the Iraqi embassy residence in Tehran ( which had been closed since December 1987 , diplomatic relations having formally been severed in October — see p. 35601 ) .
iraq accused iran on oct. 9 , 1989 , of `` violating the diplomatic sanctity `` of the iraqi embassy [home/house] in tehran ( which had been closed since december 1987 , diplomatic relations having formally been severed in october — see p. 35601 ) .

Iran had allegedly `` occupied `` the residence 's grounds and `` engaged in construction work `` .
iran had allegedly `` occupied `` the [home/house] 's grounds and `` engaged in construction work `` .

The memorandum also reiterated each side 's non-recognition of dual nationality , and Li later urged Chinese nationals living in Indonesia to respect the laws of their country of residence .
the memorandum also reiterated each side 's non-recognition of dual nationality , and li later urged chinese nationals living in indonesia to respect the laws of their country of [home/house] .

The Portuguese authorities announced on March 28 , 1990 , an amnesty for the parents of Chinese illegal immigrants who had already secured residence in Macao .
the portuguese authorities announced on march 28 , 1990 , an amnesty for the parents of chinese illegal immigrants who had already secured [home/house] in macao .

The Federal Constitutional Court ( Bundesverfassungsgericht ) , ruling on Oct. 12 , 1989 , against allowing foreigners with long-term residence to vote in local elections , ordered Schleswig-Holstein to drop plans for such legislation which had been introduced earlier in the year [ see p. 36531 ] .
the federal constitutional court ( bundesverfassungsgericht ) , ruling on oct. 12 , 1989 , against allowing foreigners with long-term [home/house] to vote in local elections , ordered schleswig-holstein to drop plans for such legislation which had been introduced earlier in the year [ see p. 36531 ] .

On March 28 , 1990 , the Cabinet agreed to tighten procedures for ethnic Germans from Eastern Europe , requiring them to apply for West German citizenship in their country of residence rather than simply coming to West Germany .
on march 28 , 1990 , the cabinet agreed to tighten procedures for ethnic germans from eastern europe , requiring them to apply for west german citizenship in their country of [home/house] rather than simply coming to west germany .

In a further development , two passers-by were killed on March 8 , 1990 , in a gun attack on the residence of the Spanish consul-general in The Hague .
in a further development , two passers-by were killed on march 8 , 1990 , in a gun attack on the [home/house] of the spanish consul-general in the hague .

In one respect the local political structure in Clermont was relatively simple : although Theuderic mounted a raid on the Auvergne , and although Chramn took up residence in the district , for the most part the civitas was not of great interest to the Merovingian kings .
in one respect the local political structure in clermont was relatively simple : although theuderic mounted a raid on the auvergne , and although chramn took up [home/house] in the district , for the most part the civitas was not of great interest to the merovingian kings .

Company residence and migration .
company [home/house] and migration .

During this period the traditional pattern , in which shops , counting-houses , warehouses , and places of residence were intermixed within districts associated with specialised groups of trades , was replaced by one in which central areas were characterised by more restricted ranges of activities practised in new types of large scale building .
during this period the traditional pattern , in which shops , counting-houses , warehouses , and places of [home/house] were intermixed within districts associated with specialised groups of trades , was replaced by one in which central areas were characterised by more restricted ranges of activities practised in new types of large scale building .

The method will be to construct a chronological sequence of overviews of the study area based on taxation records , directories , and other sources ( including maps ) , paying particular attention to occupations , residence , changes in property holding , and land values .
the method will be to construct a chronological sequence of overviews of the study area based on taxation records , directories , and other sources ( including maps ) , paying particular attention to occupations , [home/house] , changes in property holding , and land values .

From the records generated by the heavy taxation of the 1690s it is possible to characterize the householders of London , both in the city and outside , according to their places of residence , their occupations , the scale and character of their wealth , and the size of the their households .
from the records generated by the heavy taxation of the 1690s it is possible to characterize the householders of london , both in the city and outside , according to their places of [home/house] , their occupations , the scale and character of their wealth , and the size of the their households .

age at death , gender , cause of death , country and region of residence .
age at death , gender , cause of death , country and region of [home/house] .

ii ) to examine the characteristics of different fractions of the middle class , using indicators such as length of residence , income , consumption patterns , labour market characteristics , etc .
ii ) to examine the characteristics of different fractions of the middle class , using indicators such as length of [home/house] , income , consumption patterns , labour market characteristics , etc .

Afro Caribbean immigrants in France : aspects of residence and employment
afro caribbean immigrants in france : aspects of [home/house] and employment

Residence abroad and the cultural perceptions of students of foreign languages in higher education
[home/house] abroad and the cultural perceptions of students of foreign languages in higher education

Martine Mulhern , a science teacher at St Mary 's Secondary in the Creggan area of Derry , was presented with her award by Cardinal Cahal Daly at his Armagh residence .
martine mulhern , a science teacher at st mary 's secondary in the creggan area of derry , was presented with her award by cardinal cahal daly at his armagh [home/house] .

This will be followed by an analysis of capital assets : value of personal residence ( is it mortgaged ? ) holiday home , details of bank and building society deposits , National Savings shares , unit trusts , bonds etc .
this will be followed by an analysis of capital assets : value of personal [home/house] ( is it mortgaged ? ) holiday home , details of bank and building society deposits , national savings shares , unit trusts , bonds etc .

University residence : accommodation is in individual rooms including full board .
university [home/house] : accommodation is in individual rooms including full board .

Accommodation the first three weeks of the period in families ; the rest of the period in an excellent , spacious and beautifully located residence .
accommodation the first three weeks of the period in families ; the rest of the period in an excellent , spacious and beautifully located [home/house] .

Connor McCaffrey ( 18 ) was taking the lift to his room at Queen 's University halls of residence when it became stuck between the third and fourth floors .
connor mccaffrey ( 18 ) was taking the lift to his room at queen 's university halls of [home/house] when it became stuck between the third and fourth floors .

Daniel Carey returned to Frizingley as its Chartist Candidate entirely by chance , the gentleman who had originally been selected to fight the by-election having taken up a longish residence in jail on charges of plug-drawing and helping to demolish a workhouse near Rochdale .
daniel carey returned to frizingley as its chartist candidate entirely by chance , the gentleman who had originally been selected to fight the by-election having taken up a longish [home/house] in jail on charges of plug-drawing and helping to demolish a workhouse near rochdale .

There were about two hundred and fifty cadets in residence and some of them had never seen cadets from another corps .
there were about two hundred and fifty cadets in [home/house] and some of them had never seen cadets from another corps .

The last category of official building which ought to exist in many defended sites is the residence of the administrative officer , and there are a number of alternatives .
the last category of official building which ought to exist in many defended sites is the [home/house] of the administrative officer , and there are a number of alternatives .

As a successful town , it is not unlikely that it also became a pagus centre for part of the Dobunni and additionally the residence of the regionarius mentioned above ( p. 34 ) .
as a successful town , it is not unlikely that it also became a pagus centre for part of the dobunni and additionally the [home/house] of the regionarius mentioned above ( p. 34 ) .

When the rear subdivision is absent , it is usually assumed , on very little evidence , that an upper storey acted as the domestic residence or , alternatively , as storage space .
when the rear subdivision is absent , it is usually assumed , on very little evidence , that an upper storey acted as the domestic [home/house] or , alternatively , as storage space .

As an apparently domestic residence it seems strange that it replaced a timber structure which has been interpreted as a temple , although time elapsed between the latter 's destruction and the building of the house ; it is unusual to find so deliberate a secularization of a religious site in the Roman world .
as an apparently domestic [home/house] it seems strange that it replaced a timber structure which has been interpreted as a temple , although time elapsed between the latter 's destruction and the building of the house ; it is unusual to find so deliberate a secularization of a religious site in the roman world .

Even more imposing is the exceptionally large complex at Castor to the north-east , which has been variously identified as an official residence , a large villa and a rural sanctuary .
even more imposing is the exceptionally large complex at castor to the north-east , which has been variously identified as an official [home/house] , a large villa and a rural sanctuary .

( 2 ) Apart from any such contract , express or implied , the place of delivery is the seller 's place of business , if he has one , and if not , his residence : except that , if the contract is for the sale of specific goods , which to the knowledge of the parties when the contract is made are in some other place , then that place is the place of delivery .
( 2 ) apart from any such contract , express or implied , the place of delivery is the seller 's place of business , if he has one , and if not , his [home/house] : except that , if the contract is for the sale of specific goods , which to the knowledge of the parties when the contract is made are in some other place , then that place is the place of delivery .

Rincewind 's room number in his hall of residence had been 7a .
rincewind 's room number in his hall of [home/house] had been 7a .

Results suggest that melt residence times beneath basaltic volcanoes are only of the order of tens of years , and stored melt volumes are consequently small ( 1 km 3 or less ) .
results suggest that melt [home/house] times beneath basaltic volcanoes are only of the order of tens of years , and stored melt volumes are consequently small ( 1 km 3 or less ) .

If some continuously erupting , small-volume systems have short residence times , while other intermittent , large-volume systems are long-lived but continuously fed , this suggests that factors other than magma supply control eruptions .
if some continuously erupting , small-volume systems have short [home/house] times , while other intermittent , large-volume systems are long-lived but continuously fed , this suggests that factors other than magma supply control eruptions .

Some of this work has been informed from personal experience either because of being physically challenged or from having worked as a therapist , as an artist in residence within a hospital complex , in a mental institution , or has a counsellor in a hospice .
some of this work has been informed from personal experience either because of being physically challenged or from having worked as a therapist , as an artist in [home/house] within a hospital complex , in a mental institution , or has a counsellor in a hospice .

It is now partly a museum and partly a private residence .
it is now partly a museum and partly a private [home/house] .

Roskilde was an important town in the Middle Ages , a royal residence , and the cathedral was used as the burial place for the Danish kings .
roskilde was an important town in the middle ages , a royal [home/house] , and the cathedral was used as the burial place for the danish kings .

In July the king finally moved north , took up his residence in the abbey of Lilleshall , and made it his headquarters while he reviewed the defences of the Welsh border .
in july the king finally moved north , took up his [home/house] in the abbey of lilleshall , and made it his headquarters while he reviewed the defences of the welsh border .

Sending up eternal thanks to whatever deity happened to be in residence , she turned into the lane , which probably in sunlight , or at least daylight , was pretty , but which in the car 's headlights looked waterlogged , thankfully parked , stretched her cramped muscles , dragged on her hat , and got out .
sending up eternal thanks to whatever deity happened to be in [home/house] , she turned into the lane , which probably in sunlight , or at least daylight , was pretty , but which in the car 's headlights looked waterlogged , thankfully parked , stretched her cramped muscles , dragged on her hat , and got out .

Then he smiled , and dialled the student hall of residence .
then he smiled , and dialled the student hall of [home/house] .

Certainly she had not envisaged this grand and elegant residence .
certainly she had not envisaged this grand and elegant [home/house] .

We launch into a little Talmudic logic-chopping of our own on the question of free will and responsibility when a dybbuk is in residence .
we launch into a little talmudic logic-chopping of our own on the question of free will and responsibility when a dybbuk is in [home/house] .

Demons , says this wonderfully unbiased judge , only have right of residence in wildernesses and desert places .
demons , says this wonderfully unbiased judge , only have right of [home/house] in wildernesses and desert places .

We were given lodgings in the gatehouse and were virtually kept prisoner as the king and the court , as well as the great cardinal , moved into residence .
we were given lodgings in the gatehouse and were virtually kept prisoner as the king and the court , as well as the great cardinal , moved into [home/house] .

Nevertheless , even in my green and salad days ( Master Shakespeare has asked to borrow this phrase ) , Hampton Court was a diamond of a residence .
nevertheless , even in my green and salad days ( master shakespeare has asked to borrow this phrase ) , hampton court was a diamond of a [home/house] .

Friend accept , however , that among pensioners , particularly those who took up residence in sheltered accommodation after 1988 , there is a real fear of injustice , in that some of them have to pay the full licence and some of them do not ?
friend accept , however , that among pensioners , particularly those who took up [home/house] in sheltered accommodation after 1988 , there is a real fear of injustice , in that some of them have to pay the full licence and some of them do not ?

People who have the right of residence in the United Kingdom and who might apply for social security benefits will have their application assessed on the same criteria as British citizens .
people who have the right of [home/house] in the united kingdom and who might apply for social security benefits will have their application assessed on the same criteria as british citizens .

In order that our desired aim to assist one-person households is not blurred by lack of definition , the phrase in the present legislation ’ sole or main residence ’ must be defined beyond doubt .
in order that our desired aim to assist one-person households is not blurred by lack of definition , the phrase in the present legislation ’ sole or main [home/house] ’ must be defined beyond doubt .

Students will benefit : those living in digs or halls of residence will no longer have to pay anything .
students will benefit : those living in digs or halls of [home/house] will no longer have to pay anything .

University halls of residence had to pay for students .
university halls of [home/house] had to pay for students .

Under this measure , universities will not be charged for halls of residence and students will not be liable to a council tax charge in the rent that they pay .
under this measure , universities will not be charged for halls of [home/house] and students will not be liable to a council tax charge in the rent that they pay .

Discounts are calculated according to who is resident in a dwelling , and ’ resident ’ means having one 's sole or main residence there — a concept not unfamiliar to Labour Members .
discounts are calculated according to who is resident in a dwelling , and ’ resident ’ means having one 's sole or main [home/house] there — a concept not unfamiliar to labour members .

Gentleman , the local authority would make its decision to withdraw or not to withdraw discount on the basis of whether it thought that the dwelling in question was the auntie 's sole or main residence .
gentleman , the local authority would make its decision to withdraw or not to withdraw discount on the basis of whether it thought that the dwelling in question was the auntie 's sole or main [home/house] .

Students in halls of residence will allegedly be exempt from the tax .
students in halls of [home/house] will allegedly be exempt from the tax .

However , many halls of residence will have to pay business rate because many of them undertake business activities in the recesses .
however , many halls of [home/house] will have to pay business rate because many of them undertake business activities in the recesses .

Those who know anything about the way in which universities and polytechnics work know that they are businesses and not merely halls of residence .
those who know anything about the way in which universities and polytechnics work know that they are businesses and not merely halls of [home/house] .

Are we presuming that those students will not be expected to pay anything in the charge that they pay for staying in the halls of residence ?
are we presuming that those students will not be expected to pay anything in the charge that they pay for staying in the halls of [home/house] ?

If not , will halls of residence pay a business rate only during the recesses ? Will it be assessed on a daily basis as the amount of council tax will be ? Those are the types of question that need answers before we know what sort of chaos we are going to face with the council tax .
if not , will halls of [home/house] pay a business rate only during the recesses ? will it be assessed on a daily basis as the amount of council tax will be ? those are the types of question that need answers before we know what sort of chaos we are going to face with the council tax .

It is easy to do with halls of residence , but it is also easy to do where students are living in digs or even when they are the owners of properties .
it is easy to do with halls of [home/house] , but it is also easy to do where students are living in digs or even when they are the owners of properties .

Will you take up residence in France ?
will you take up [home/house] in france ?

Reduce work - residence distances .
reduce work - [home/house] distances .

Pennants fluttered in the breeze , indication that the Queen was in residence .
pennants fluttered in the breeze , indication that the queen was in [home/house] .

He was not spared one concrete-balconied construction , one flat-topped esplanade of shops , one lowly bungalow surrounded by pebbles and called The Palms , one swinging wooden board with ‘ rustic ’ letters cut in it announcing that the frosted aluminium-framed windows and crazy pavings dotted with fountain bowls and outsize cupids , and pergolas leading nowhere , were part of a residence called Ourranch .
he was not spared one concrete-balconied construction , one flat-topped esplanade of shops , one lowly bungalow surrounded by pebbles and called the palms , one swinging wooden board with ‘ rustic ’ letters cut in it announcing that the frosted aluminium-framed windows and crazy pavings dotted with fountain bowls and outsize cupids , and pergolas leading nowhere , were part of a [home/house] called ourranch .

Mrs Goreng was at a mah-jong party at the c. -in-c. 's residence .
mrs goreng was at a mah-jong party at the c. -in-c. 's [home/house] .

He had n't said he was going away and renting his house , which was odd because they 'd been chatting in the village not two days before he 'd disappeared and Leo taken up residence .
he had n't said he was going away and renting his house , which was odd because they 'd been chatting in the village not two days before he 'd disappeared and leo taken up [home/house] .

conditions of residence by nationals of third countries on the territory of Member States , including family reunion and access to employment ;
conditions of [home/house] by nationals of third countries on the territory of member states , including family reunion and access to employment ;

combating unauthorised immigration , residence and work by nationals of third countries on the territory of Member States ;
combating unauthorised immigration , [home/house] and work by nationals of third countries on the territory of member states ;

She put an end to the nuns ’ little treats and tricks , whilst at the same time allowing a whore to take up residence there .
she put an end to the nuns ’ little treats and tricks , whilst at the same time allowing a whore to take up [home/house] there .

More like a prison than a private residence , the windows were grated and the huge door barred and bound with iron bands .
more like a prison than a private [home/house] , the windows were grated and the huge door barred and bound with iron bands .

Viewed from the river bank John of Gaunt 's palatial residence looked magnificent , and even more so tonight with the festivities going on .
viewed from the river bank john of gaunt 's palatial [home/house] looked magnificent , and even more so tonight with the festivities going on .

Perhaps , Harry thought , she had been checking to see if Dysart were in residence , looking for his car or some such sign of his presence .
perhaps , harry thought , she had been checking to see if dysart were in [home/house] , looking for his car or some such sign of his presence .

Live there did not seem to be quite the word for someone whose residence there appeared so transient .
live there did not seem to be quite the word for someone whose [home/house] there appeared so transient .

Once the most magnificent of the zenana buildings , it was the only one to be the exclusive residence of a single woman .
once the most magnificent of the zenana buildings , it was the only one to be the exclusive [home/house] of a single woman .

He said that he did n't mind who was present , that he had something to communicate which might slightly affect the convenience of everyone in residence here , and therefore could be stated in everyone 's presence .
he said that he did n't mind who was present , that he had something to communicate which might slightly affect the convenience of everyone in [home/house] here , and therefore could be stated in everyone 's presence .

Half an hour later , driven by a resolve almost beyond her comprehension , she was across the lake , informing Tilly that it had become necessary for her to take up more permanent residence at the Lodge .
half an hour later , driven by a resolve almost beyond her comprehension , she was across the lake , informing tilly that it had become necessary for her to take up more permanent [home/house] at the lodge .

In the seventeenth to nineteenth centuries large estates were usually run from the main residence of the landowner — particularly the large country house or stately home ( Fig .
in the seventeenth to nineteenth centuries large estates were usually run from the main [home/house] of the landowner — particularly the large country house or stately home ( fig .

The main part of the school was considerably more attractive , being a red-brick residence , rambling but characterful , built for the vendor of wine and spirits in the last years of the Old Queen , when people were beginning to wonder if she would ever go .
the main part of the school was considerably more attractive , being a red-brick [home/house] , rambling but characterful , built for the vendor of wine and spirits in the last years of the old queen , when people were beginning to wonder if she would ever go .

The back part of the house , being lighter and pleasanter and giving out on to the lawn , was the headmaster 's residence .
the back part of the house , being lighter and pleasanter and giving out on to the lawn , was the headmaster 's [home/house] .

Within an hour of Mr Crumwallis 's telephone call to the school doctor , the police were in residence at Burleigh .
within an hour of mr crumwallis 's telephone call to the school doctor , the police were in [home/house] at burleigh .

Hilary Frome 's bedroom — ample , handsomely decorated , as befitted the solidly middle-class status of the family residence — was as studiously bland as the face Hilary kept for public occasions .
hilary frome 's bedroom — ample , handsomely decorated , as befitted the solidly middle-class status of the family [home/house] — was as studiously bland as the face hilary kept for public occasions .

The Cathedral , the Nuns ' House , the City Clock and Uncle Pumblechook 's residence had been duly venerated , and a luncheon had been provided at the Bull Hotel for the benefit of the Lionisers and an odd and uncomfortable collection of those senior residents of Rochester who still remembered Mr Dickens .
the cathedral , the nuns ' house , the city clock and uncle pumblechook 's [home/house] had been duly venerated , and a luncheon had been provided at the bull hotel for the benefit of the lionisers and an odd and uncomfortable collection of those senior residents of rochester who still remembered mr dickens .

Samuel was moving determinedly into position before the last house of the morning , the private dwelling on the seafront where Mary Strong had chased away donkeys from the grassland in front of her cottage , thus inspiring Dickens to create Miss Betsy Trotwood in David Copperfield , though he tactfully set her residence in Dover .
samuel was moving determinedly into position before the last house of the morning , the private dwelling on the seafront where mary strong had chased away donkeys from the grassland in front of her cottage , thus inspiring dickens to create miss betsy trotwood in david copperfield , though he tactfully set her [home/house] in dover .

At the king 's table , as in the great processions from residence to chapel that marked the church 's great feastdays , men knew their places .
at the king 's table , as in the great processions from [home/house] to chapel that marked the church 's great feastdays , men knew their places .

Frankfurt was to be a frequent residence in the later 820s .
frankfurt was to be a frequent [home/house] in the later 820s .

Nithard names two of the great men who took these oaths in December 837 : Abbot Hilduin of St-Denis , most royal of western Frankish abbeys , and Count Gerald of Paris , a city which had once been a residence of Merovingian kings .
nithard names two of the great men who took these oaths in december 837 : abbot hilduin of st-denis , most royal of western frankish abbeys , and count gerald of paris , a city which had once been a [home/house] of merovingian kings .

In the afternoon , we visited the famous Schonbrunn Palace — the former summer residence of the Habsburgs .
in the afternoon , we visited the famous schonbrunn palace — the former summer [home/house] of the habsburgs .

On transferring his official residence from Burgos to Madrid , in October , Franco `` toured the Sierra de Guadarrama , looking for a place he had already seen during the war `` in which he planned to locate his war memorial .
on transferring his official [home/house] from burgos to madrid , in october , franco `` toured the sierra de guadarrama , looking for a place he had already seen during the war `` in which he planned to locate his war memorial .

The time spent travelling from residence to new work location less The time spent travelling from residence to old work location .
the time spent travelling from [home/house] to new work location less the time spent travelling from [home/house] to old work location .

We are also establishing a regional presence in the Middle East and Graham Hillier is soon to be taking up residence in Dubai to promote our activities in this region .
we are also establishing a regional presence in the middle east and graham hillier is soon to be taking up [home/house] in dubai to promote our activities in this region .

The residence of the pope in an ancient imperial city had from the first been fragile .
the [home/house] of the pope in an ancient imperial city had from the first been fragile .

Most years he spent some time in Anagni or Segni , his home region ; otherwise Rome was his main place of residence .
most years he spent some time in anagni or segni , his home region ; otherwise rome was his main place of [home/house] .

Social factors such as class ; place of residence ; ideological background ; membership of societies ; alliances between geologists for good or bad motives ; professionalism and amateurism ; patronage ; and religion , allied themselves to personality factors such as vanity ; obstinacy ; honesty ( or the lack of it ) ; innate curiosity and intellectual capacity , to create a complex and wholly consistent scenario for the advancement of the science .
social factors such as class ; place of [home/house] ; ideological background ; membership of societies ; alliances between geologists for good or bad motives ; professionalism and amateurism ; patronage ; and religion , allied themselves to personality factors such as vanity ; obstinacy ; honesty ( or the lack of it ) ; innate curiosity and intellectual capacity , to create a complex and wholly consistent scenario for the advancement of the science .

Police reports alleged that raids on Ershad 's residence after his arrest on Dec. 12 [ see p. 37907 ] had revealed assets in excess of those which could have been expected from a presidential income , as well as large quantities of unlicensed firearms .
police reports alleged that raids on ershad 's [home/house] after his arrest on dec. 12 [ see p. 37907 ] had revealed assets in excess of those which could have been expected from a presidential income , as well as large quantities of unlicensed firearms .

For the referendum , the Supreme Council had decided on June 18 that all Estonian citizens over 18 were eligible , regardless of their place of residence .
for the referendum , the supreme council had decided on june 18 that all estonian citizens over 18 were eligible , regardless of their place of [home/house] .

October 1990 : Nationwide operation against foreigners staying in Hungary without residence permits .
october 1990 : nationwide operation against foreigners staying in hungary without [home/house] permits .

Dany Chamoun , president of the right-wing National Liberal Party and a prominent supporter of Aoun , was assassinated in his east Beirut residence on Oct. 21 .
dany chamoun , president of the right-wing national liberal party and a prominent supporter of aoun , was assassinated in his east beirut [home/house] on oct. 21 .

On July 13 another five Cubans were turned away after they had broken into the residence of the Czechoslovak chargé d'affaires and temporarily taken him hostage .
on july 13 another five cubans were turned away after they had broken into the [home/house] of the czechoslovak chargé d'affaires and temporarily taken him hostage .

Hun Sen and Sihanouk left China together on June 20 and travelled to the Prince 's residence in Pyongyang , North Korea .
hun sen and sihanouk left china together on june 20 and travelled to the prince 's [home/house] in pyongyang , north korea .

Coupons to prove Ukrainian residence in order to buy food and consumer goods were abolished on July 1 , but a new type of coupon was introduced from Aug. 1 as a measure to prevent stocks being bought up by consumers from outside the republic .
coupons to prove ukrainian [home/house] in order to buy food and consumer goods were abolished on july 1 , but a new type of coupon was introduced from aug. 1 as a measure to prevent stocks being bought up by consumers from outside the republic .

On July 11 the Sejm voted to reject Walesa 's electoral law and a constitutional amendment to remove a five-year residence qualification for candidates , which Walesa claimed discriminated against opposition figures who had fled abroad during the 1980s .
on july 11 the sejm voted to reject walesa 's electoral law and a constitutional amendment to remove a five-year [home/house] qualification for candidates , which walesa claimed discriminated against opposition figures who had fled abroad during the 1980s .

Cardinal Miroslav Lubachivsky , 77 , the spiritual leader of up to 5,000,000 Ukrainian ( Eastern Rite ) Catholics ( commonly known as Uniates ) , returned on March 30 to take up residence in Lvov in the West Ukraine after 52 years in exile in Rome .
cardinal miroslav lubachivsky , 77 , the spiritual leader of up to 5,000,000 ukrainian ( eastern rite ) catholics ( commonly known as uniates ) , returned on march 30 to take up [home/house] in lvov in the west ukraine after 52 years in exile in rome .

Several hundred armed fighters from Maldom Bada 's Hadjerai clan were arrested in the vicinity of his residence ( the palace of former President Hissène Habré ) and a number of them were said to have been executed .
several hundred armed fighters from maldom bada 's hadjerai clan were arrested in the vicinity of his [home/house] ( the palace of former president hissène habré ) and a number of them were said to have been executed .

In the capital , Caracas , the rebels tried to take over the government palace and the presidential residence , La Carlota airport , the Ministry of Defence , Navy and National Guard buildings and the national television station .
in the capital , caracas , the rebels tried to take over the government palace and the presidential [home/house] , la carlota airport , the ministry of defence , navy and national guard buildings and the national television station .

Pérez escaped from his residence just before it was surrounded , and went to a private television station from which he made the first of four broadcasts to the nation repudiating the coup .
pérez escaped from his [home/house] just before it was surrounded , and went to a private television station from which he made the first of four broadcasts to the nation repudiating the coup .

Loyal armed forces launched a counter-attack against the rebels , and just after midnight there was a burst of heavy fighting around the palace and residence , the Ministry of Defence and naval headquarters , and at the Miranda base .
loyal armed forces launched a counter-attack against the rebels , and just after midnight there was a burst of heavy fighting around the palace and [home/house] , the ministry of defence and naval headquarters , and at the miranda base .

" Civil rights : participation in elections to the European Parliament in the country of residence ; possible participation in municipal elections .
" civil rights : participation in elections to the european parliament in the country of [home/house] ; possible participation in municipal elections .

" Social and economic rights : freedom of movement and residence irrespective of engagement in economic activity ; equality of opportunity and of treatment for all Community citizens ; joint protection for Community citizens outside the Community 's borders .
" social and economic rights : freedom of movement and [home/house] irrespective of engagement in economic activity ; equality of opportunity and of treatment for all community citizens ; joint protection for community citizens outside the community 's borders .

Prime Minister Joseph Kokou Koffigoh was seized by rebel soldiers on Dec. 3 after an attack on his residence in which at least 17 people were killed .
prime minister joseph kokou koffigoh was seized by rebel soldiers on dec. 3 after an attack on his [home/house] in which at least 17 people were killed .

The president 's half-brother , Col. Donou Toi Gnassingbe , the commander of the presidential guard , was among those reported killed in the attack on the Prime Minister 's residence .
the president 's half-brother , col. donou toi gnassingbe , the commander of the presidential guard , was among those reported killed in the attack on the prime minister 's [home/house] .

At a press conference the following day , Koffigoh called for calm and for the restoration of state authority , saying that he had regained his freedom of movement and had returned to his residence .
at a press conference the following day , koffigoh called for calm and for the restoration of state authority , saying that he had regained his freedom of movement and had returned to his [home/house] .

Foreign aid workers and diplomats confirmed that Farah Aydid 's forces appeared to be in control of most of Mogadishu , including Villa Somalia , the presidential residence .
foreign aid workers and diplomats confirmed that farah aydid 's forces appeared to be in control of most of mogadishu , including villa somalia , the presidential [home/house] .

The aid formula of the House bill provided the unemployed with six , 13 or 20 additional weeks ' benefit depending on their state of residence .
the aid formula of the house bill provided the unemployed with six , 13 or 20 additional weeks ' benefit depending on their state of [home/house] .

According to Le Monde of Nov. 22 the number of asylum seekers ( who came especially from eastern Europe ) had risen to 1,700 per month , and a new law to speed the processing of asylum applications stipulated that these should be processed within two months , after which an applicant recognized as a refugee could take up provisional residence while waiting for a definitive decision .
according to le monde of nov. 22 the number of asylum seekers ( who came especially from eastern europe ) had risen to 1,700 per month , and a new law to speed the processing of asylum applications stipulated that these should be processed within two months , after which an applicant recognized as a refugee could take up provisional [home/house] while waiting for a definitive decision .

Almost 120,000 people lined the streets to watch the motorcade which carried Akihito and his wife , the Empress Michiko , from the Imperial Palace to their residence at the Akasaka Palace , 5 km away .
almost 120,000 people lined the streets to watch the motorcade which carried akihito and his wife , the empress michiko , from the imperial palace to their [home/house] at the akasaka palace , 5 km away .

Security forces were reported to have fired over the heads of hundreds of demonstrators apparently bent on storming the official residence of President Ali Abdullah Saleh in Sana ' a on Dec. 11 .
security forces were reported to have fired over the heads of hundreds of demonstrators apparently bent on storming the official [home/house] of president ali abdullah saleh in sana ' a on dec. 11 .

The referendum would decide residence and language qualifications , but only citizens of pre-1940 Latvia and their direct descendants would be allowed to vote in it .
the referendum would decide [home/house] and language qualifications , but only citizens of pre-1940 latvia and their direct descendants would be allowed to vote in it .

The agreement to form separate groups was worked out at a meeting on Feb. 10 at the presidential residence in Lany , attended also by Czechoslovak President Vaclav Havel , who numbered many Liberal Club supporters among his closest associates but who had remained outside the conflict .
the agreement to form separate groups was worked out at a meeting on feb. 10 at the presidential [home/house] in lany , attended also by czechoslovak president vaclav havel , who numbered many liberal club supporters among his closest associates but who had remained outside the conflict .

Subject : Partner in Residence paper
subject : partner in [home/house] paper

1 ) The desirability to have a Partner in Residence in Scotland has a way of enabling meaningful contact to be made between supporters here and Partners overseas .
1 ) the desirability to have a partner in [home/house] in scotland has a way of enabling meaningful contact to be made between supporters here and partners overseas .

Subject : Partner in Residence paper
subject : partner in [home/house] paper

1 ( 1 ) In this section " residential occupier " , in relation to any premises , means a person occupying the premises as a residence , whether under a contract or by virtue of any enactment or rule of law giving him the right to remain in occupation or restricting the right of any other person to recover possession of the premises .
1 ( 1 ) in this section " residential occupier " , in relation to any premises , means a person occupying the premises as a [home/house] , whether under a contract or by virtue of any enactment or rule of law giving him the right to remain in occupation or restricting the right of any other person to recover possession of the premises .

( b ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or part thereof ; does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises as a residence , he shall be guilty of an offence .
( b ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or part thereof ; does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises as a [home/house] , he shall be guilty of an offence .

( b ) he persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises in question as a residence , and ( in either case ) he knows , or has reasonable cause to believe , that the conduct is likely to cause the residential occupier to give up the occupation of the whole or part of the premises or to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the whole or part of the premises .
( b ) he persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises in question as a [home/house] , and ( in either case ) he knows , or has reasonable cause to believe , that the conduct is likely to cause the residential occupier to give up the occupation of the whole or part of the premises or to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the whole or part of the premises .

( 2 ) This section also applies if , at any time after 9th June 1988 , a landlord ( in this section referred to as " the landlord in default " ) or any person acting on behalf of the landlord in default — ( a ) attempts unlawfully to deprive the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the whole or part of the premises , or ( b ) knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that the conduct is likely to cause the residential occupier of any premises — ( i ) to give up his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or ( ii ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or any part thereof , does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises as a residence , and , as a result , the residential occupier gives up his occupation of the premises as a residence .
( 2 ) this section also applies if , at any time after 9th june 1988 , a landlord ( in this section referred to as " the landlord in default " ) or any person acting on behalf of the landlord in default — ( a ) attempts unlawfully to deprive the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the whole or part of the premises , or ( b ) knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that the conduct is likely to cause the residential occupier of any premises — ( i ) to give up his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or ( ii ) to refrain from exercising any right or pursuing any remedy in respect of the premises or any part thereof , does acts likely to interfere with the peace or comfort of the residential occupier or members of his household , or persistently withdraws or withholds services reasonably required for the occupation of the premises as a [home/house] , and , as a result , the residential occupier gives up his occupation of the premises as a [home/house] .

( 3 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section , where this section applies , the landlord in default shall , by virtue of this section , be liable to pay to the former residential occupier , in respect of his loss of the right to occupy the premises in question as his residence , damages assessed on the basis set out in section 28 below .
( 3 ) subject to the following provisions of this section , where this section applies , the landlord in default shall , by virtue of this section , be liable to pay to the former residential occupier , in respect of his loss of the right to occupy the premises in question as his [home/house] , damages assessed on the basis set out in section 28 below .

28 ( 1 ) The basis for the assessment of damages referred to in section 27(3) is the difference in value , determined as at the time immediately before the residential occupier ceased to occupy the premises in question as his residence , between — ( a ) the value of the interest if the landlord in default determined on the assumption that the residential occupier continues to have the same right to occupy the premises as before that time ; and ( b ) the value of that interest determined on the assumption that the residential occupier has ceased to have that right .
28 ( 1 ) the basis for the assessment of damages referred to in section 27(3) is the difference in value , determined as at the time immediately before the residential occupier ceased to occupy the premises in question as his [home/house] , between — ( a ) the value of the interest if the landlord in default determined on the assumption that the residential occupier continues to have the same right to occupy the premises as before that time ; and ( b ) the value of that interest determined on the assumption that the residential occupier has ceased to have that right .

The relevant date for valuation purposes is the time immediately before the occupier ceases to be in residence , with the inevitable consequence that changes in market conditions between that date and the hearing are inadmissible .
the relevant date for valuation purposes is the time immediately before the occupier ceases to be in [home/house] , with the inevitable consequence that changes in market conditions between that date and the hearing are inadmissible .

More or less power could be delegated from the Elysée to the Matignon ( the prime minister 's residence ) , but authority always rested at the Elysée .
more or less power could be delegated from the elysée to the matignon ( the prime minister 's [home/house] ) , but authority always rested at the elysée .

Frontier workers , commuting from a country of residence to employment in another State , have a number of established rights , e.g .
frontier workers , commuting from a country of [home/house] to employment in another state , have a number of established rights , e.g .

Thus , level of the mother 's and father 's education , mother 's place of residence as to urban or rural area and other , related factors have a bearing upon child mortality and also influence reproductive behaviour .
thus , level of the mother 's and father 's education , mother 's place of [home/house] as to urban or rural area and other , related factors have a bearing upon child mortality and also influence reproductive behaviour .

In addition , they also contain national information on the miscarriages of the youngest and oldest age groups ( data by residence did not display these categories ) .
in addition , they also contain national information on the miscarriages of the youngest and oldest age groups ( data by [home/house] did not display these categories ) .

1 . Rural-Urban Residence
1 . rural-urban [home/house]

The impact of the mother 's residence , as to rural or urban place , upon her child 's health and its prospects of surviving early childhood is found in most studies and from most relevant statistics to be very important .
the impact of the mother 's [home/house] , as to rural or urban place , upon her child 's health and its prospects of surviving early childhood is found in most studies and from most relevant statistics to be very important .

Thus , overall level of national development of degree of urbanization may influence the relationship of mother 's residence to levels of health and mortality among infants and children below the age of five years and may account , in part , for some differences in patterns among countries that are noted below .
thus , overall level of national development of degree of urbanization may influence the relationship of mother 's [home/house] to levels of health and mortality among infants and children below the age of five years and may account , in part , for some differences in patterns among countries that are noted below .

The advantage to child health and survival of mother 's urban residence is amplified by the relationship of the factors to mother ' migration history .
the advantage to child health and survival of mother 's urban [home/house] is amplified by the relationship of the factors to mother ' migration history .

As noted earlier , though urban places generally afford better survival prospects , the relative importance of the mother 's residence for infant and child mortality is determined mostly by her level of education .
as noted earlier , though urban places generally afford better survival prospects , the relative importance of the mother 's [home/house] for infant and child mortality is determined mostly by her level of education .

In some countries , urban residence appears to have health and mortality benefits only for the children of the better educated mothers .
in some countries , urban [home/house] appears to have health and mortality benefits only for the children of the better educated mothers .

The effects of reproductive patterns upon maternal and child health and on their general well-being are modified by a number of social and other factors , among which are the mother 's education , father 's education , occupation and income , and mother 's residence as to rural or urban place , but the mother 's education is by far the most powerful .
the effects of reproductive patterns upon maternal and child health and on their general well-being are modified by a number of social and other factors , among which are the mother 's education , father 's education , occupation and income , and mother 's [home/house] as to rural or urban place , but the mother 's education is by far the most powerful .

This was to be one of the many houses used by the Bishops of Rochester and a favourite residence of some during the next three centuries .
this was to be one of the many houses used by the bishops of rochester and a favourite [home/house] of some during the next three centuries .

At this period it was known as Upper Hailing Place and was the residence of the Rev .
at this period it was known as upper hailing place and was the [home/house] of the rev .

The gastric residence of the solid and liquid phases of the meal in the stomach was also characterised using gamme scintigraphy in healthy volunteers .
the gastric [home/house] of the solid and liquid phases of the meal in the stomach was also characterised using gamme scintigraphy in healthy volunteers .

The generally rather low concentrations of material measured in our extracts ( compared with antral extracts ) are consistent with material passing direct to the cell surface without residence in storage granules .
the generally rather low concentrations of material measured in our extracts ( compared with antral extracts ) are consistent with material passing direct to the cell surface without [home/house] in storage granules .

What are the main risks involved with investing outside your country of residence ?
what are the main risks involved with investing outside your country of [home/house] ?

Here too is Lutyens 's design for a fowl house , a wooden building perched on staddle stones with lantern and a thatched roof , a residence to please the most demanding chicken .
here too is lutyens 's design for a fowl house , a wooden building perched on staddle stones with lantern and a thatched roof , a [home/house] to please the most demanding chicken .

From the late thirteenth century it was the residence of the Archbishop Electors of Cologne .
from the late thirteenth century it was the [home/house] of the archbishop electors of cologne .

Boppard , for example , was a royal residence of the Merovingian Franks and later became a Free Imperial City .
boppard , for example , was a royal [home/house] of the merovingian franks and later became a free imperial city .

It was Fru Børre 's and Fru Gertlinger 's proud boast that it was impossible to tell , just by looking , whether the families were in residence or not .
it was fru børre 's and fru gertlinger 's proud boast that it was impossible to tell , just by looking , whether the families were in [home/house] or not .

Paul 's opponents found it easier to agree in synod on his unworthiness for office than to eject him from the episcopal residence .
paul 's opponents found it easier to agree in synod on his unworthiness for office than to eject him from the episcopal [home/house] .

Aurelian ruled that the latter 's continued occupation of the bishop 's residence was a matter to be decided by the bishop of Rome and his Italian synod .
aurelian ruled that the latter 's continued occupation of the bishop 's [home/house] was a matter to be decided by the bishop of rome and his italian synod .

The proposal from Tripoli was that five years ' residence and good behaviour should suffice .
the proposal from tripoli was that five years ' [home/house] and good behaviour should suffice .

Qaddafi abolished the office of shaikh , but the duties still existed : someone was still needed to certify residence and good behaviour , to register or witness certain kinds of contract .
qaddafi abolished the office of shaikh , but the duties still existed : someone was still needed to certify [home/house] and good behaviour , to register or witness certain kinds of contract .

Add in the poor world 's anti-Americanism and the mixture is potent : no one was very surprised that a bomb was planted in the American ambassador 's residence in Jakarta soon after the war began .
add in the poor world 's anti-americanism and the mixture is potent : no one was very surprised that a bomb was planted in the american ambassador 's [home/house] in jakarta soon after the war began .

For the Christian who is living in the shadow of Advent , this life is no longer a ‘ cul-de-sac ’ but a road of hope , because God has taken up residence here . Gerard Manley Hopkins ' great poem ‘ God 's Grandeur ’ puts it so well :
for the christian who is living in the shadow of advent , this life is no longer a ‘ cul-de-sac ’ but a road of hope , because god has taken up [home/house] here . gerard manley hopkins ' great poem ‘ god 's grandeur ’ puts it so well :

Also , demotion from primary residence to tenanted farmhouse for a century or two , saved many a small grand house from a buffeting by the winds of changing style , as at Croan in Cornwall , Beckley in Oxfordshire or Mothecombe in Devon .
also , demotion from primary [home/house] to tenanted farmhouse for a century or two , saved many a small grand house from a buffeting by the winds of changing style , as at croan in cornwall , beckley in oxfordshire or mothecombe in devon .

It was built in the beautiful plum-coloured brick he had used at his main residence of Rycote .
it was built in the beautiful plum-coloured brick he had used at his main [home/house] of rycote .

Hagge Hall , as it was called , was built as a dower house and shooting box for Sir Peter Freschville , whose main residence at Staveley Hall did not afford such huge views .
hagge hall , as it was called , was built as a dower house and shooting box for sir peter freschville , whose main [home/house] at staveley hall did not afford such huge views .

It became an occasional residence .
it became an occasional [home/house] .

It was built to house the younger son of the Emmersons of Easby Hall and to display the style and flourish of a small gentleman 's residence .
it was built to house the younger son of the emmersons of easby hall and to display the style and flourish of a small gentleman 's [home/house] .

By the death , at the age of 66 , of Mr. Philip Henry Thomas which took place after a long illness , on Saturday the 18th instant , at his residence at 13 Rusham Road , Battersea loses a citizen who has been active for 40 years in championing the cause of Liberalism in this borough … .
by the death , at the age of 66 , of mr. philip henry thomas which took place after a long illness , on saturday the 18th instant , at his [home/house] at 13 rusham road , battersea loses a citizen who has been active for 40 years in championing the cause of liberalism in this borough … .

He had an expensive ‘ bijou ’ residence with fluorescent tubes running under the banisters and a Music Centre with a huge bank of switches and buttons which he had no idea how to use .
he had an expensive ‘ bijou ’ [home/house] with fluorescent tubes running under the banisters and a music centre with a huge bank of switches and buttons which he had no idea how to use .

He was in residence mainly only at weekends , but entertained no guests .
he was in [home/house] mainly only at weekends , but entertained no guests .

People would still be living here who had been in residence since before the war and were holding on to controlled tenancies until dislodged by offers of cash or other accommodation , but they would not be there much longer .
people would still be living here who had been in [home/house] since before the war and were holding on to controlled tenancies until dislodged by offers of cash or other accommodation , but they would not be there much longer .

The laws were believed to include Lithuania 's announcement last week of separate Lithuanian citizenship as well as new residence requirements for those standing for elected office in Estonia and Latvia .
the laws were believed to include lithuania 's announcement last week of separate lithuanian citizenship as well as new [home/house] requirements for those standing for elected office in estonia and latvia .

Yesterday , the Latvian parliament confirmed it would stick to a plan to introduce minimum five and 10-year residence requirements for candidates wishing to stand in local and republican elections .
yesterday , the latvian parliament confirmed it would stick to a plan to introduce minimum five and 10-year [home/house] requirements for candidates wishing to stand in local and republican elections .

The laws were believed to include Lithuania 's announcement last week of separate Lithuanian citizenship as well as new residence requirements for those standing for elected office in Estonia and Latvia .
the laws were believed to include lithuania 's announcement last week of separate lithuanian citizenship as well as new [home/house] requirements for those standing for elected office in estonia and latvia .

Yesterday , the Latvian parliament confirmed it would stick to a plan to introduce minimum five and 10-year residence requirements for candidates wishing to stand in local and republican elections .
yesterday , the latvian parliament confirmed it would stick to a plan to introduce minimum five and 10-year [home/house] requirements for candidates wishing to stand in local and republican elections .

Germans now are Europeans in a way they were not before , and indeed the demand of East Germans that they be allowed to be Europeans , with the same wide-ranging and unquestioned rights to travel , study , and residence as the rest of us was both a catalyst and an indication of how much things have changed .
germans now are europeans in a way they were not before , and indeed the demand of east germans that they be allowed to be europeans , with the same wide-ranging and unquestioned rights to travel , study , and [home/house] as the rest of us was both a catalyst and an indication of how much things have changed .

Germans now are Europeans in a way they were not before , and indeed the demand of East Germans that they be allowed to be Europeans , with the same wide-ranging and unquestioned rights to travel , study , and residence as the rest of us was both a catalyst and an indication of how much things have changed .
germans now are europeans in a way they were not before , and indeed the demand of east germans that they be allowed to be europeans , with the same wide-ranging and unquestioned rights to travel , study , and [home/house] as the rest of us was both a catalyst and an indication of how much things have changed .

Even if the new President had entered his official residence , he would have no standing in his own community , and what , after all , is the point of a Maronite President if it is not to integrate the Maronites within the traditional confessional system which — readjusted in the Muslims ' favour — the Tayif agreement perpetuates ? If that agreement is already deeply ailing , the Syrian invasion would have killed it off .
even if the new president had entered his official [home/house] , he would have no standing in his own community , and what , after all , is the point of a maronite president if it is not to integrate the maronites within the traditional confessional system which — readjusted in the muslims ' favour — the tayif agreement perpetuates ? if that agreement is already deeply ailing , the syrian invasion would have killed it off .

Unable to take up residence in the Baabda palace occupied by Gen Aoun , this was where he had been conducting his consultations for the formation of a government of national unity .
unable to take up [home/house] in the baabda palace occupied by gen aoun , this was where he had been conducting his consultations for the formation of a government of national unity .

Unable to take up residence in the Baabda palace occupied by Gen Aoun , this was where he had been conducting his consultations for the formation of a government of national unity .
unable to take up [home/house] in the baabda palace occupied by gen aoun , this was where he had been conducting his consultations for the formation of a government of national unity .

When Lotty and Rose finally arrived , they were discomfited to find Mrs Fisher , a formidable widow , and Lady Dester , a bored society beauty trying to escape male attention , already in residence .
when lotty and rose finally arrived , they were discomfited to find mrs fisher , a formidable widow , and lady dester , a bored society beauty trying to escape male attention , already in [home/house] .

The Gothic style Manor House is set in the midst of 120 acres ( 50 hectares ) of gardens and parkland ; it was built in 1804 to replace a previous Jacobean residence , and is at the centre of the 3,300 acres ( 1,335 hectares ) Bradwell Grove Estate , where for many centuries farming and forestry have been practised in a way typical of life in the Cotswolds .
the gothic style manor house is set in the midst of 120 acres ( 50 hectares ) of gardens and parkland ; it was built in 1804 to replace a previous jacobean [home/house] , and is at the centre of the 3,300 acres ( 1,335 hectares ) bradwell grove estate , where for many centuries farming and forestry have been practised in a way typical of life in the cotswolds .

The President 's cabin lay three miles into the reserve , four miles to the north and a good eight hundred feet above the lodge , and divided from it by a small tributary of the Makaa so Trent could expect no help there even if the owner was in residence .
the president 's cabin lay three miles into the reserve , four miles to the north and a good eight hundred feet above the lodge , and divided from it by a small tributary of the makaa so trent could expect no help there even if the owner was in [home/house] .

The Standard commentary column enthused again about the benefits that would accrue to the town ; ‘ people of means and leisure will take up residence in the district ; it has long been said that Henley needed further attractions and the present move is assuredly one in the right direction ’ .
the standard commentary column enthused again about the benefits that would accrue to the town ; ‘ people of means and leisure will take up [home/house] in the district ; it has long been said that henley needed further attractions and the present move is assuredly one in the right direction ’ .

Legal & General will cover your Contents against accidental loss or damage whilst in transit between your Home and your new permanent residence within Great Britain , Northern Ireland , Isle of Man or the Channel Islands by professional removal contractors including temporary storage of up to three days , except for :
legal & general will cover your contents against accidental loss or damage whilst in transit between your home and your new permanent [home/house] within great britain , northern ireland , isle of man or the channel islands by professional removal contractors including temporary storage of up to three days , except for :

We now have our own ducks and they have nested and hatched their eggs , and a male moorhen and his family have been in residence for a couple of years .
we now have our own ducks and they have nested and hatched their eggs , and a male moorhen and his family have been in [home/house] for a couple of years .

The required accommodation was a residence for a family of five and the new owner requested that the living accommodation should be on the first floor to take advantage of the splendid views to the west over the Cherwell Valley .
the required accommodation was a [home/house] for a family of five and the new owner requested that the living accommodation should be on the first floor to take advantage of the splendid views to the west over the cherwell valley .

He made it all seem easy , producing an excellent meal , and the lunch party at the Commanding Officer 's residence went off without a hitch .
he made it all seem easy , producing an excellent meal , and the lunch party at the commanding officer 's [home/house] went off without a hitch .

It is this relatively more subtle classification system which explains why policemen and women were so concerned from the very beginning with the field-worker 's background , schooling , area of residence , affiliations , political opinions , and so on , even those visited on only a few occasions .
it is this relatively more subtle classification system which explains why policemen and women were so concerned from the very beginning with the field-worker 's background , schooling , area of [home/house] , affiliations , political opinions , and so on , even those visited on only a few occasions .

Sea pinks cling to the lichen-covered rocks and huge beech trees , carved into oblique shapes by the wind , stand defiantly along the length of the bay and , to the south , on the slopes of Greenanmore where the kings of Dalriada had their summer residence .
sea pinks cling to the lichen-covered rocks and huge beech trees , carved into oblique shapes by the wind , stand defiantly along the length of the bay and , to the south , on the slopes of greenanmore where the kings of dalriada had their summer [home/house] .

This will be the district office which covers the hospital which may not be the same office as for the place of residence .
this will be the district office which covers the hospital which may not be the same office as for the place of [home/house] .

Burial outside the area of residence will be more expensive because of the additional transport costs .
burial outside the area of [home/house] will be more expensive because of the additional transport costs .

People whose only or main residence is in hospital , or in a residential care home , nursing home or a hostel which provides a high level of care or treatment .
people whose only or main [home/house] is in hospital , or in a residential care home , nursing home or a hostel which provides a high level of care or treatment .

We first met him at an elegant hotel in the ‘ uptown ’ district of Manhattan , New York , overlooking Central park , a watering place well known to artists ( Joe Cocker also happened to be in residence at the time ) .
we first met him at an elegant hotel in the ‘ uptown ’ district of manhattan , new york , overlooking central park , a watering place well known to artists ( joe cocker also happened to be in [home/house] at the time ) .

His home , a very well disposed , if modest , semi-detached residence in the affluent part of Montreal known as Westmount , backed on to a park overlooking the city and the mighty St. Lawrence River and port .
his home , a very well disposed , if modest , semi-detached [home/house] in the affluent part of montreal known as westmount , backed on to a park overlooking the city and the mighty st. lawrence river and port .

By the late twenties , they were no longer a single-family unit centered on Rosemount Avenue , where Lyon 's prestigious and influential residence ( bedecked with a Star of David , in bold honour of the family 's commitments ) was situated .
by the late twenties , they were no longer a single-family unit centered on rosemount avenue , where lyon 's prestigious and influential [home/house] ( bedecked with a star of david , in bold honour of the family 's commitments ) was situated .

All three brothers had settled themselves in the area , Nathan 's being a pleasant semi-detached residence of three storeys .
all three brothers had settled themselves in the area , nathan 's being a pleasant semi-detached [home/house] of three storeys .

Body is residence . Corpuscular ,
body is [home/house] . corpuscular ,

Most include all transfers from the boat and your residence , food , air and accommodation , but may charge extra for gear hire .
most include all transfers from the boat and your [home/house] , food , air and accommodation , but may charge extra for gear hire .

Strangely enough the clothes shop had once been the home of Paul Morley who sat in residence in its previous existence as a secondhand book sellers .
strangely enough the clothes shop had once been the home of paul morley who sat in [home/house] in its previous existence as a secondhand book sellers .

Strange stories began to circulate about Morrissey 's new residence .
strange stories began to circulate about morrissey 's new [home/house] .

In fact , ever since the beginning of the year you seem to have been toying with the idea of making a major career move or change of residence and what transpires sometimes between October 29 and November 3 should enable you to rebuild and reshape your life — and the past with all its traumas and dramas will be placed in their true perspective , if not forgotten altogether .
in fact , ever since the beginning of the year you seem to have been toying with the idea of making a major career move or change of [home/house] and what transpires sometimes between october 29 and november 3 should enable you to rebuild and reshape your life — and the past with all its traumas and dramas will be placed in their true perspective , if not forgotten altogether .

This is how he shows us mercy and enables us to be merciful in turn to others . How happy is our life when his Holy Spirit takes residence within us ! Martyn Lloyd-Jones , the Welsh preacher , once said :
this is how he shows us mercy and enables us to be merciful in turn to others . how happy is our life when his holy spirit takes [home/house] within us ! martyn lloyd-jones , the welsh preacher , once said :

Once the transactions were over — transactions which had taken this house out of the hands of the Darlington family after two centuries — Mr Farraday let it be known that he would not be taking up immediate residence here , but would spend a further four months concluding matters in the United States .
once the transactions were over — transactions which had taken this house out of the hands of the darlington family after two centuries — mr farraday let it be known that he would not be taking up immediate [home/house] here , but would spend a further four months concluding matters in the united states .

When the philosopher and historian Thomas Garrigue Masaryk became the first President of the new republic of Czechoslovakia between the wars , there flew above his residence in Prague Castle a flag bearing the words Truth Prevails , and it 's hardly a coincidence that the central theme of Havel 's political writings has been ‘ To live in truth ’ .
when the philosopher and historian thomas garrigue masaryk became the first president of the new republic of czechoslovakia between the wars , there flew above his [home/house] in prague castle a flag bearing the words truth prevails , and it 's hardly a coincidence that the central theme of havel 's political writings has been ‘ to live in truth ’ .

The bill is expected to sweep aside restrictions under the 1981 British Nationality Act which require six months prior residence before the granting of citizenship .
the bill is expected to sweep aside restrictions under the 1981 british nationality act which require six months prior [home/house] before the granting of citizenship .

The package is expected to allow all Hong Kong residents who qualify — officials , security staff and leading businessmen — to be given automatic British residence status , although Whitehall is keen to avoid loopholes which other Commonwealth citizens might exploit .
the package is expected to allow all hong kong residents who qualify — officials , security staff and leading businessmen — to be given automatic british [home/house] status , although whitehall is keen to avoid loopholes which other commonwealth citizens might exploit .

The bill is expected to sweep aside restrictions under the 1981 British Nationality Act which require six months prior residence before the granting of citizenship .
the bill is expected to sweep aside restrictions under the 1981 british nationality act which require six months prior [home/house] before the granting of citizenship .

The package is expected to allow all Hong Kong residents who qualify — officials , security staff and leading businessmen — to be given automatic British residence status , although Whitehall is keen to avoid loopholes other Commonwealth citizens might exploit .
the package is expected to allow all hong kong residents who qualify — officials , security staff and leading businessmen — to be given automatic british [home/house] status , although whitehall is keen to avoid loopholes other commonwealth citizens might exploit .

All patrial CUKCs were renamed as British citizens while all non-patrials became British Dependent Territory Citizens ( BDTCs ) who only had the right of abode in their territories of residence .
all patrial cukcs were renamed as british citizens while all non-patrials became british dependent territory citizens ( bdtcs ) who only had the right of abode in their territories of [home/house] .

The Dee at Chester was fishable but the only action was from 40 cormorants who have taken up residence above the weir .
the dee at chester was fishable but the only action was from 40 cormorants who have taken up [home/house] above the weir .

He thought that a lot of residence was of high importance ; for he believed that the object of higher education was not just information , or preparation for a career , but a community of minds and personalities .
he thought that a lot of [home/house] was of high importance ; for he believed that the object of higher education was not just information , or preparation for a career , but a community of minds and personalities .

It was originally built as a private residence and the Association bought the home in 1962 .
it was originally built as a private [home/house] and the association bought the home in 1962 .

It was originally built as a private residence , and the Association bought the home in 1962 .
it was originally built as a private [home/house] , and the association bought the home in 1962 .

By the eighties , affluence was expressed , to a growing degree , in the purchase of a second home , often by city-dwellers whose alternative residence hastened the endemic decay of village life — or open political hostility in Wales where a campaign of house incendiarism by some cultural nationalists , the ‘ Sons of Glyn Dŵr ’ , punctuated the otherwise peaceful history of the principality from the 1960s to the 1980s .
by the eighties , affluence was expressed , to a growing degree , in the purchase of a second home , often by city-dwellers whose alternative [home/house] hastened the endemic decay of village life — or open political hostility in wales where a campaign of house incendiarism by some cultural nationalists , the ‘ sons of glyn dŵr ’ , punctuated the otherwise peaceful history of the principality from the 1960s to the 1980s .

footballers were hedged around by restrictions on personal mobility and income whilst the residence qualifications for county cricketers prevented a cricketing equivalent of the football transfer system .
footballers were hedged around by restrictions on personal mobility and income whilst the [home/house] qualifications for county cricketers prevented a cricketing equivalent of the football transfer system .

’ The widowed mother , the residence in north London , and the daily travel to work in the London bank were all pad of Eliot 's own experience at the time of the composition of most of The Waste Land .
’ the widowed mother , the [home/house] in north london , and the daily travel to work in the london bank were all pad of eliot 's own experience at the time of the composition of most of the waste land .

It was outlined in the Housing Act ( 1980 ) , which gave council tenants with three years ' residence the right to buy their properties at a substantial discount .
it was outlined in the housing act ( 1980 ) , which gave council tenants with three years ' [home/house] the right to buy their properties at a substantial discount .

But at least Old Vic is likely to be around next year , when Nashwan will be in residence at the Shadwell Stud of his owner , Hamdan Al Maktoum , vigorously trying to justify a syndication value of £18m .
but at least old vic is likely to be around next year , when nashwan will be in [home/house] at the shadwell stud of his owner , hamdan al maktoum , vigorously trying to justify a syndication value of £18m .

The house was occupied as the London residence of an art dealer .
the house was occupied as the london [home/house] of an art dealer .

Ten years later a note in the Minutes of the Garden Committee states that Miller had asked for a residence to be built in the Garden , but this was refused .
ten years later a note in the minutes of the garden committee states that miller had asked for a [home/house] to be built in the garden , but this was refused .

Later in 1761 the Committee ordered Miller to ‘ hire a house lately called the New Tavern for his residence , provided the rent does not exceed £20 per annum ’ .
later in 1761 the committee ordered miller to ‘ hire a house lately called the new tavern for his [home/house] , provided the rent does not exceed £20 per annum ’ .

Jackson and Robinson in a research project Pupils and Staff in Residence ( 7 ) published in 1979 ( although the work was done between 1971 and 1974 ) found a gap between pupil-expectation of hostels and subsequent reality ; students complained of lack of family atmosphere and opportunity for involvement in decision-taking .
jackson and robinson in a research project pupils and staff in [home/house] ( 7 ) published in 1979 ( although the work was done between 1971 and 1974 ) found a gap between pupil-expectation of hostels and subsequent reality ; students complained of lack of family atmosphere and opportunity for involvement in decision-taking .

It was not intended that the Villa would be used as a residence ( the east wing of the old mansion being retained as the family residence ) , but mainly for the exhibition of the fine collection of paintings and sculptures which the Duke had gathered together , including examples of Holbein ; Rembrandt : Leonardo da Vinci ; Titian ; Van Dyke and Rubens .
it was not intended that the villa would be used as a [home/house] ( the east wing of the old mansion being retained as the family [home/house] ) , but mainly for the exhibition of the fine collection of paintings and sculptures which the duke had gathered together , including examples of holbein ; rembrandt : leonardo da vinci ; titian ; van dyke and rubens .

For approximately five years between 1865 and 1870 , the Prince of Wales rented Chiswick House and its gardens , as a nursery residence for his children .
for approximately five years between 1865 and 1870 , the prince of wales rented chiswick house and its gardens , as a nursery [home/house] for his children .

In Italy , Giuseppe Garibaldi , had campaigned for the unification of his country for many years , gaining Venice from the Austrians , and established Victor Emmanuel as King of Italy , but it was not until 1870 that a march on Rome overpowered the French and Papal troops , and establish a united Italy with Victor Emmanuel as King in residence , in July 1871 .
in italy , giuseppe garibaldi , had campaigned for the unification of his country for many years , gaining venice from the austrians , and established victor emmanuel as king of italy , but it was not until 1870 that a march on rome overpowered the french and papal troops , and establish a united italy with victor emmanuel as king in [home/house] , in july 1871 .

So , in 1875 , he founded Bedford Park — now a conservation area — around the old mansion house known as Bedford House , the residence of John Bedford , with two houses erected by John Bedford , one on either side of his mansion house , for his two daughters ; he named one house Melbourne House and the other Sydney House , a recognition of the ascent of the development of Australia .
so , in 1875 , he founded bedford park — now a conservation area — around the old mansion house known as bedford house , the [home/house] of john bedford , with two houses erected by john bedford , one on either side of his mansion house , for his two daughters ; he named one house melbourne house and the other sydney house , a recognition of the ascent of the development of australia .

Others include an architecturally odd but lavishly comfortable residence overlooking the city , a country retreat with swimming pool in the New Territories , a yacht , two Daimlers , a Rolls-Royce , and a peerage upon retirement .
others include an architecturally odd but lavishly comfortable [home/house] overlooking the city , a country retreat with swimming pool in the new territories , a yacht , two daimlers , a rolls-royce , and a peerage upon retirement .

The Smith residence was a plush , elderly house set amongst trees and shrubs off the road ; the lights were on and there was to be no deliverance .
the smith [home/house] was a plush , elderly house set amongst trees and shrubs off the road ; the lights were on and there was to be no deliverance .

’ He was referring to the opposition leader , Aung San Suu Kyi , whose home on Inya lake , northern Rangoon , is surrounded by troops to enforce her house-arrest and General Ne Win , whose residence on the other side of the lake is also surrounded by troops and who rarely ventures out .
’ he was referring to the opposition leader , aung san suu kyi , whose home on inya lake , northern rangoon , is surrounded by troops to enforce her house-arrest and general ne win , whose [home/house] on the other side of the lake is also surrounded by troops and who rarely ventures out .

All the more embarrassing , then , that the residence of the High Commissioner , Sir Derek March , was recently burgled and thoroughly looted , despite a British policeman being on duty at the time .
all the more embarrassing , then , that the [home/house] of the high commissioner , sir derek march , was recently burgled and thoroughly looted , despite a british policeman being on duty at the time .

Ironically , it is precisely this religious fervour which has landed her Government in the present mess : not so much mortgage tax relief ( which is limited ) as the failure to tax the unlimited capital gains available from selling the prime family residence .
ironically , it is precisely this religious fervour which has landed her government in the present mess : not so much mortgage tax relief ( which is limited ) as the failure to tax the unlimited capital gains available from selling the prime family [home/house] .

When the rats who had taken up residence in his building were ousted .
when the rats who had taken up [home/house] in his building were ousted .

No sooner had the Colonel stumped out , his face flushed with a moral indignation that might or might not be sustained as far as Eaton Square and the Foreign Secretary 's residence , than the telephone rang .
no sooner had the colonel stumped out , his face flushed with a moral indignation that might or might not be sustained as far as eaton square and the foreign secretary 's [home/house] , than the telephone rang .

The Parkes family was in residence here for many years in the 18th Century .
the parkes family was in [home/house] here for many years in the 18th century .

It was a brave and beautiful place , with innumerable windows and twisting staircases and a lawn and a swing in a tree and everything you could desire in a spacious and desirable residence , only that it was all still and tiny enough to need a magnifying glass to see the intricacies of its carvings and appurtenances .
it was a brave and beautiful place , with innumerable windows and twisting staircases and a lawn and a swing in a tree and everything you could desire in a spacious and desirable [home/house] , only that it was all still and tiny enough to need a magnifying glass to see the intricacies of its carvings and appurtenances .

As pointed out by the collector and historian van Mander writing in 1604 , ‘ Whoever so desires nowadays has only to go to Prague to the greatest art patron in the world at the present time ; there he may see at the Imperial residence a remarkable number of outstanding and precious , curious , unusual , and priceless works .
as pointed out by the collector and historian van mander writing in 1604 , ‘ whoever so desires nowadays has only to go to prague to the greatest art patron in the world at the present time ; there he may see at the imperial [home/house] a remarkable number of outstanding and precious , curious , unusual , and priceless works .

Israel 's refusal to authorize the return of all refugees desiring to resume residence on the West Bank , reported breaking off of West Bank banking negotiations and statements by senior Israeli officials quoted in American press gives rise to impression that Israeli government may be moving toward policy of seeking security simply by retaining occupied areas rather than by achieving peaceful settlement with Arabs .
israel 's refusal to authorize the return of all refugees desiring to resume [home/house] on the west bank , reported breaking off of west bank banking negotiations and statements by senior israeli officials quoted in american press gives rise to impression that israeli government may be moving toward policy of seeking security simply by retaining occupied areas rather than by achieving peaceful settlement with arabs .

Your firm has a potted guide to the rules about residence and domicile — pick up a copy as you leave .
your firm has a potted guide to the rules about [home/house] and domicile — pick up a copy as you leave .

It may be difficult to move areas since many local authorities and some housing associations operate strict residence restrictions .
it may be difficult to move areas since many local authorities and some housing associations operate strict [home/house] restrictions .

This is not true of literature departments ; what they produce is criticism and scholarship , not literature , leaving out of account the occasional scholar-poet or writer in residence .
this is not true of literature departments ; what they produce is criticism and scholarship , not literature , leaving out of account the occasional scholar-poet or writer in [home/house] .

The emigration has been encouraged by a series of British Nationality Acts stripping even the 3.25 million people holding Hong Kong ‘ British ’ passports of any rights to residence in Britain .
the emigration has been encouraged by a series of british nationality acts stripping even the 3.25 million people holding hong kong ‘ british ’ passports of any rights to [home/house] in britain .

But the Maronites persisted and on 1 September 1920 , Gouraud , the newly-installed French high commissioner , proclaimed from his Beirut residence ‘ the state of Greater Lebanon ’ .
but the maronites persisted and on 1 september 1920 , gouraud , the newly-installed french high commissioner , proclaimed from his beirut [home/house] ‘ the state of greater lebanon ’ .

That tribunal said that where there was uncertainty as to the duration of the stay it was proper to consider the application as if ordinary residence was contemplated .
that tribunal said that where there was uncertainty as to the duration of the stay it was proper to consider the application as if ordinary [home/house] was contemplated .

Smarting from the coup attempt , in which her official residence was bombed from the air and the capital 's financial heart seized for five days , Mrs Aquino came swinging back yesterday .
smarting from the coup attempt , in which her official [home/house] was bombed from the air and the capital 's financial heart seized for five days , mrs aquino came swinging back yesterday .

The mill became a delightful residence in 1968 and , despite its domestic role , still manages to retain the unmistakable characteristics of its former uses .
the mill became a delightful [home/house] in 1968 and , despite its domestic role , still manages to retain the unmistakable characteristics of its former uses .

By 1637 the Church family , from whom the mill takes its name , were in residence and were to remain so until the early part of the 18th century .
by 1637 the church family , from whom the mill takes its name , were in [home/house] and were to remain so until the early part of the 18th century .

Before that , Thomas Brace was in residence .
before that , thomas brace was in [home/house] .

Precisely when the Wilkins family began running the latter is not clear , although they were certainly in residence by the late 1870s .
precisely when the wilkins family began running the latter is not clear , although they were certainly in [home/house] by the late 1870s .

Also in residence , but apparently out when the police arrived , was Mrs Dyer 's daughter , Polly , and her daughter , only a baby .
also in [home/house] , but apparently out when the police arrived , was mrs dyer 's daughter , polly , and her daughter , only a baby .

Long term residence
long term [home/house]

The residence time in , for example , an aquifer can be millions of years , and it may be even longer in an icecap at high latitudes .
the [home/house] time in , for example , an aquifer can be millions of years , and it may be even longer in an icecap at high latitudes .

The long residence time generally means that any harmful bacteria that enter an aquifer do not live long enough to pose a threat to anyone using groundwater .
the long [home/house] time generally means that any harmful bacteria that enter an aquifer do not live long enough to pose a threat to anyone using groundwater .

The long residence time even means that short-lived radioactive substances , such as those released by the Chernobyl accident , will be largely harmless by the time they emerge from an aquifer .
the long [home/house] time even means that short-lived radioactive substances , such as those released by the chernobyl accident , will be largely harmless by the time they emerge from an aquifer .

Meanwhile the Elector Carl Theodor had taken up residence in Munich , and had invited the members of his court to join him there ( though they could stay on at Mannheim and retain their salaries if they wished ) .
meanwhile the elector carl theodor had taken up [home/house] in munich , and had invited the members of his court to join him there ( though they could stay on at mannheim and retain their salaries if they wished ) .

The provision of homes small enough to provide a reasonable place of residence was , and still is , insufficient for all mentally handicapped people in mental handicap hospitals to leave them .
the provision of homes small enough to provide a reasonable place of [home/house] was , and still is , insufficient for all mentally handicapped people in mental handicap hospitals to leave them .

If the parents of a mentally handicapped child immediately reject the child on realising that it is handicapped , or find that life with the child is so difficult that they feel unable to cope , it falls upon the state to find an alternative place of residence , in particular on local authorities .
if the parents of a mentally handicapped child immediately reject the child on realising that it is handicapped , or find that life with the child is so difficult that they feel unable to cope , it falls upon the state to find an alternative place of [home/house] , in particular on local authorities .

As a result , there is a continued shortage of residential care facilities for the full-time residence of mentally handicapped people which is perpetuating the need for mental handicap hospitals to house them , even though it is recognised by all parties that this is to be avoided at all costs .
as a result , there is a continued shortage of residential care facilities for the full-time [home/house] of mentally handicapped people which is perpetuating the need for mental handicap hospitals to house them , even though it is recognised by all parties that this is to be avoided at all costs .

He had been installed in the Elysée palace , designated as the official residence of the Head of State since the Tuileries palace was not only associated with the departed monarchy but had also been sacked by a group of insurgents during the February revolution .
he had been installed in the elysée palace , designated as the official [home/house] of the head of state since the tuileries palace was not only associated with the departed monarchy but had also been sacked by a group of insurgents during the february revolution .

We watched them get into a small carriage which took them off to their new residence .
we watched them get into a small carriage which took them off to their new [home/house] .

His residence at the Palais Royal became a virtual ‘ court of disaffection ’ , while his sister , Princess Mathilde , ran her salon as a second centre of hostility .
his [home/house] at the palais royal became a virtual ‘ court of disaffection ’ , while his sister , princess mathilde , ran her salon as a second centre of hostility .

Because of this , wherever the Emperor was , there also was the government , so that when the Court moved , changes of residence did not in any way affect the running of the Empire .
because of this , wherever the emperor was , there also was the government , so that when the court moved , changes of [home/house] did not in any way affect the running of the empire .

Residence at the Tuileries imposed on the Imperial family a pattern of life in which rare moments of private relaxation alternated with the exhausting obligations of public ceremonial .
[home/house] at the tuileries imposed on the imperial family a pattern of life in which rare moments of private relaxation alternated with the exhausting obligations of public ceremonial .

Residence here had always had a holiday atmosphere , since formality and etiquette were kept to a minimum and it was possible to relax .
[home/house] here had always had a holiday atmosphere , since formality and etiquette were kept to a minimum and it was possible to relax .

It was surrounded by a splendid park , and its superb gardens ornamented with fountains and a magnificent cascade made of it a cool and airy summer residence .
it was surrounded by a splendid park , and its superb gardens ornamented with fountains and a magnificent cascade made of it a cool and airy summer [home/house] .

While Fontainebleau played an important part in the seasonal round of Court life , Compiègne was , and has remained , the Imperial residence most clearly identified with the Second Empire .
while fontainebleau played an important part in the seasonal round of court life , compiègne was , and has remained , the imperial [home/house] most clearly identified with the second empire .

St Cloud : the favourite summer residence .
st cloud : the favourite summer [home/house] .

An absentee , according to the 1950 Israeli law , includes anyone who , between 20 November 1947 and the ending of the State of Emergency , was ‘ a legal owner of any property situated in the area of Israel … and who , at any time during the said period , was a national or citizen of the Lebanon , Egypt , Syria , Saudi Arabia , Trans-Jordan , Iraq or the Yemen or was in one of these countries or in any part of Palestine outside the area of Israel … ’ An absentee also included anyone who was a Palestinian citizen and left his ordinary place of residence in Palestine for a place outside Palestine before 1 September 1948 , or for a place in Palestine held at the time by forces which sought to prevent the establishment of the State of Israel or which fought against it after its establishment .
an absentee , according to the 1950 israeli law , includes anyone who , between 20 november 1947 and the ending of the state of emergency , was ‘ a legal owner of any property situated in the area of israel … and who , at any time during the said period , was a national or citizen of the lebanon , egypt , syria , saudi arabia , trans-jordan , iraq or the yemen or was in one of these countries or in any part of palestine outside the area of israel … ’ an absentee also included anyone who was a palestinian citizen and left his ordinary place of [home/house] in palestine for a place outside palestine before 1 september 1948 , or for a place in palestine held at the time by forces which sought to prevent the establishment of the state of israel or which fought against it after its establishment .

And let us suppose that in 1948 , following the fighting , he left his ordinary place of residence for a place of insurrection , then he is an absentee — even if he did not join the Arab forces that were fighting against Israel .
and let us suppose that in 1948 , following the fighting , he left his ordinary place of [home/house] for a place of insurrection , then he is an absentee — even if he did not join the arab forces that were fighting against israel .

There is a further clause in the 1950 law that permitted Manor to confirm that a man or woman was not an absentee if that person left his place of residence ‘ for fear that the enemies of Israel might cause him harm or otherwise than by reason or for fear of military operations , .
there is a further clause in the 1950 law that permitted manor to confirm that a man or woman was not an absentee if that person left his place of [home/house] ‘ for fear that the enemies of israel might cause him harm or otherwise than by reason or for fear of military operations , .

Many government documents , passports , residence cards , even the road-signs , appeared in both French and Arabic — as they still do in General Gouraud 's strangely conceived republic to this day .
many government documents , passports , [home/house] cards , even the road-signs , appeared in both french and arabic — as they still do in general gouraud 's strangely conceived republic to this day .

He knows it chiefly as a source of seasonal traffic jams about which Marjorie sometimes complains ( the University day begins too late and finishes too early to inconvenience Vic himself ) and of distractingly pretty girls about whose safety he worries , seeing them walking to and fro between their halls of residence and the Students ' Union in the evenings .
he knows it chiefly as a source of seasonal traffic jams about which marjorie sometimes complains ( the university day begins too late and finishes too early to inconvenience vic himself ) and of distractingly pretty girls about whose safety he worries , seeing them walking to and fro between their halls of [home/house] and the students ' union in the evenings .

In this novel , the genteel young heroine from the south of England , Margaret , is compelled by her father 's reduced circumstances to take up residence in a city called Milton , closely based on Manchester , and comes into social contact with a local mill-owner called Thornton .
in this novel , the genteel young heroine from the south of england , margaret , is compelled by her father 's reduced circumstances to take up [home/house] in a city called milton , closely based on manchester , and comes into social contact with a local mill-owner called thornton .

For people are members of many groups — by inheritance , adherence , occupation , residence , origin , language , appearance and so on .
for people are members of many groups — by inheritance , adherence , occupation , [home/house] , origin , language , appearance and so on .

Blair 's Aberdeenshire home was a less perilous residence , a delightful cottage at Shivas , set amidst mature woodlands , loud with bird song and surrounded by rich , fertile fields .
blair 's aberdeenshire home was a less perilous [home/house] , a delightful cottage at shivas , set amidst mature woodlands , loud with bird song and surrounded by rich , fertile fields .

Now some life has returned , those dwellings that did not fall into ruin having been adopted as holiday homes ; even the forsaken chapel has been converted into a residence .
now some life has returned , those dwellings that did not fall into ruin having been adopted as holiday homes ; even the forsaken chapel has been converted into a [home/house] .

The main road is no less attractive and much quicker , passing the residence of Gate , a Victorian house built in mock Tudor style , and many delectable wayside cottages before crossing the Dee and , after being joined by a road from Barbondale near the ancient settlement of Gawthrop , heads directly into Dent Town .
the main road is no less attractive and much quicker , passing the [home/house] of gate , a victorian house built in mock tudor style , and many delectable wayside cottages before crossing the dee and , after being joined by a road from barbondale near the ancient settlement of gawthrop , heads directly into dent town .

The branch road from Dent joins in at a bridge and the hamlet of Cowgill , once a parish in its own right , is immediately beyond : here is a church built in 1873 , a converted school , the pleasant residence and gardens of Cowgill Grange and an isolated terrace of cottages .
the branch road from dent joins in at a bridge and the hamlet of cowgill , once a parish in its own right , is immediately beyond : here is a church built in 1873 , a converted school , the pleasant [home/house] and gardens of cowgill grange and an isolated terrace of cottages .

An imposing gateway on the left of the road is the entrance to the drive of Whernside Manor , the largest residence in the valley , with its attendant home farm and cottages .
an imposing gateway on the left of the road is the entrance to the drive of whernside manor , the largest [home/house] in the valley , with its attendant home farm and cottages .

The address on his letter is that of a hall of residence , so the description must have been exaggerated , but it conveys his exasperation .
the address on his letter is that of a hall of [home/house] , so the description must have been exaggerated , but it conveys his exasperation .

He sent for his wife and their three children , who took up residence with him in the old palace .
he sent for his wife and their three children , who took up [home/house] with him in the old palace .

So often people will purchase a five-bedroomed house so that when the sons or daughters get married and have children they can all stay at the family residence at weekends and holiday times .
so often people will purchase a five-bedroomed house so that when the sons or daughters get married and have children they can all stay at the family [home/house] at weekends and holiday times .

This policy is limited , however , in two crucial ways : first , that such ‘ choice ’ in effect reduces to the ability to pay , and ability to pay has been profoundly affected by other policies which have increased the differences among groups with regard to income and wealth ; and secondly , that many public services must be provided in the local area if they are to be of real value and if other costs , not only financial , are not to be incurred , for instance , in travelling or moving residence in order to receive them .
this policy is limited , however , in two crucial ways : first , that such ‘ choice ’ in effect reduces to the ability to pay , and ability to pay has been profoundly affected by other policies which have increased the differences among groups with regard to income and wealth ; and secondly , that many public services must be provided in the local area if they are to be of real value and if other costs , not only financial , are not to be incurred , for instance , in travelling or moving [home/house] in order to receive them .

Of course , you may not have a choice about where you live , particularly if you are a student in halls of residence , or a disabled person with special requirements .
of course , you may not have a choice about where you live , particularly if you are a student in halls of [home/house] , or a disabled person with special requirements .

Those who are single and affluent will be looking for a residence of some quality .
those who are single and affluent will be looking for a [home/house] of some quality .

Now that we have the practice of dustmen only collecting plastic bags that you have to place outside your residence , you have to be sure that you are capable of doing that .
now that we have the practice of dustmen only collecting plastic bags that you have to place outside your [home/house] , you have to be sure that you are capable of doing that .

The qualifying limit for house purchase loans and for loans to persons aged 65 and over to purchase life annuities secured on their main residence is £30,000 .
the qualifying limit for house purchase loans and for loans to persons aged 65 and over to purchase life annuities secured on their main [home/house] is £30,000 .

In the 1988 Budget this was changed to apply to the residence only and not to the individual .
in the 1988 budget this was changed to apply to the [home/house] only and not to the individual .

Whose official residence is No 12 Downing Street ?
whose official [home/house] is no 12 downing street ?

Reporting back to Bloomsbury House on a visit to the Jacobs ' residence where Ilse , a probationary nurse , was staying , Miss Smith recorded Ilse 's hospital treatment for flat feet .
reporting back to bloomsbury house on a visit to the jacobs ' [home/house] where ilse , a probationary nurse , was staying , miss smith recorded ilse 's hospital treatment for flat feet .

They take up residence in some numbers in marsh and swampland .
they take up [home/house] in some numbers in marsh and swampland .

Some of their burrows in low-lying places may at times become very wet but the rabbits usually stay in residence , apparently by no means inconvenienced .
some of their burrows in low-lying places may at times become very wet but the rabbits usually stay in [home/house] , apparently by no means inconvenienced .

On the other hand , if the mesh is too big , small rabbits can squeeze through , take their fill and become unable to squeeze back , and so are forced to take up residence inside .
on the other hand , if the mesh is too big , small rabbits can squeeze through , take their fill and become unable to squeeze back , and so are forced to take up [home/house] inside .

There must , of course , be occasions when the ferret is introduced to find another predator already in residence .
there must , of course , be occasions when the ferret is introduced to find another predator already in [home/house] .

‘ There 's a terrible self-consciousness at being a new student in a hall of residence , hearing the clattering dinner plates , going into the dining room and not knowing anybody , then suddenly realising ( as happens to the heroine , Laura , in the novel ) that one 's not wearing a gown and everyone else is .
‘ there 's a terrible self-consciousness at being a new student in a hall of [home/house] , hearing the clattering dinner plates , going into the dining room and not knowing anybody , then suddenly realising ( as happens to the heroine , laura , in the novel ) that one 's not wearing a gown and everyone else is .

When she first arrived in Bristol Moggach lived at Badock Hall , then the only mixed hall of residence , which also gave it an aura of excitement .
when she first arrived in bristol moggach lived at badock hall , then the only mixed hall of [home/house] , which also gave it an aura of excitement .

The Children 's Act which came into force In October 1991 means that words like custody and access have gone to be replaced by residence and contact .
the children 's act which came into force in october 1991 means that words like custody and access have gone to be replaced by [home/house] and contact .

If there is a dispute between people as to where children should live or who is to have contact with the children then magistrates can make the appropriate residence orders or contact orders .
if there is a dispute between people as to where children should live or who is to have contact with the children then magistrates can make the appropriate [home/house] orders or contact orders .

This might be according to whether the client is new to the bureau or not , whether the enquiry is new or a continuing problem , or according to a client 's age , sex , origin , economic activity or area of residence .
this might be according to whether the client is new to the bureau or not , whether the enquiry is new or a continuing problem , or according to a client 's age , sex , origin , economic activity or area of [home/house] .

area beside the Thames in London , ‘ abutting on one end on the bottom of Northumberland Street ’ , originally the site of the residence of Scottish kings and ambassadors when in London , it was a coal-wharf in the early nineteenth century .
area beside the thames in london , ‘ abutting on one end on the bottom of northumberland street ’ , originally the site of the [home/house] of scottish kings and ambassadors when in london , it was a coal-wharf in the early nineteenth century .

It was to Bath that the two Pantisocrats walked first , staying the night at old Mrs Southey 's house , 8 Westgate Buildings , where another visitor , Sarah Fricker , was already in residence .
it was to bath that the two pantisocrats walked first , staying the night at old mrs southey 's house , 8 westgate buildings , where another visitor , sarah fricker , was already in [home/house] .

It was in a fold of high ground on the northern borders of the vale that William Wordsworth and his sister Dorothy had recently taken up residence in a red-brick mansion called Racedown Lodge , a house combining Georgian elegance and merchant stolidity , and quite likely to be , as tradition asserts , the original of Sir Walter Elliot 's Kellynch Hall in Jane Austen 's Persuasion .
it was in a fold of high ground on the northern borders of the vale that william wordsworth and his sister dorothy had recently taken up [home/house] in a red-brick mansion called racedown lodge , a house combining georgian elegance and merchant stolidity , and quite likely to be , as tradition asserts , the original of sir walter elliot 's kellynch hall in jane austen 's persuasion .

By early July the Wordsworths had taken up temporary residence at Cottle 's house in Wine Street , Bristol , where Dorothy found the noise of the Bristol streets almost intolerable .
by early july the wordsworths had taken up temporary [home/house] at cottle 's house in wine street , bristol , where dorothy found the noise of the bristol streets almost intolerable .

They have endowed professorships and buildings , most notably Cripps Hall of Residence and Cripps Health Centre .
they have endowed professorships and buildings , most notably cripps hall of [home/house] and cripps health centre .

‘ Upon the afternoon of Friday last , the 8th instant , Herr Hamnett quitted the residence of his aforementioned colleague , with the expressed object of visiting a client in the nearby village of Kahlenbergerdorf .
‘ upon the afternoon of friday last , the 8th instant , herr hamnett quitted the [home/house] of his aforementioned colleague , with the expressed object of visiting a client in the nearby village of kahlenbergerdorf .

This is a technical occult word used to describe the state of a person who has a demon in residence .
this is a technical occult word used to describe the state of a person who has a demon in [home/house] .

Some will speak of elementars , spiritual beings which invade the physical world from their normal residence in the astral plane .
some will speak of elementars , spiritual beings which invade the physical world from their normal [home/house] in the astral plane .

We … turn to the right and find a long line of Loose Boxes extending to the Forge … Passing out of the entrance to these boxes into the Quadrangle , we observe a residence on the opposite side corresponding in elevation to that of the Forge .
we … turn to the right and find a long line of loose boxes extending to the forge … passing out of the entrance to these boxes into the quadrangle , we observe a [home/house] on the opposite side corresponding in elevation to that of the forge .

This road we also notice leads from King 's Road [ Pancras Way ] as a back entrance to Professor Coleman 's residence and garden , and to his stable , coach-house and kennel for his dogs — which , however , we understood he rarely used except in the shooting season .
this road we also notice leads from king 's road [ pancras way ] as a back entrance to professor coleman 's [home/house] and garden , and to his stable , coach-house and kennel for his dogs — which , however , we understood he rarely used except in the shooting season .

He also suggested that a College pupil should be in residence at Woolwich , to remain there until the farriers were ‘ sufficiently instructed in the treatment of disease ’ .
he also suggested that a college pupil should be in [home/house] at woolwich , to remain there until the farriers were ‘ sufficiently instructed in the treatment of disease ’ .

The oxygen requirement and hence energy consumption and running costs for effective odour control depends upon slurry residence time and the volume treated .
the oxygen requirement and hence energy consumption and running costs for effective odour control depends upon slurry [home/house] time and the volume treated .

Thus the right to provide services has actually been invoked by nationals against their own state , when they have taken up residence abroad .
thus the right to provide services has actually been invoked by nationals against their own state , when they have taken up [home/house] abroad .

The northern mountains were cool , and the King protracted his stay , taking up residence in St Hilarion , the summer palace of the Lusignans , in the airy apartments of the absent Carlotta and Luis her consort .
the northern mountains were cool , and the king protracted his stay , taking up [home/house] in st hilarion , the summer palace of the lusignans , in the airy apartments of the absent carlotta and luis her consort .

When the House of Lords reconsidered Lord Rawdon 's bill in March the next year they were told that , if they would assent to it , in a short time all debtors ' prisons would become the residence of swindlers only .
when the house of lords reconsidered lord rawdon 's bill in march the next year they were told that , if they would assent to it , in a short time all debtors ' prisons would become the [home/house] of swindlers only .

If you wish to get married in a church which is not in either parish , you will have to apply to be put on the electoral roll or take up residence in the parish for the period over which the banns will be read .
if you wish to get married in a church which is not in either parish , you will have to apply to be put on the electoral roll or take up [home/house] in the parish for the period over which the banns will be read .

Personal growth and opportunities come to you through intimate one-to-one relationships this summer , Pisces . You 're probably quite sure what you want from love and romance in the weeks ahead ! Mid-June finds you thinking of changing your place of residence and by July you 're going to be happier than you have been in quite some time !
personal growth and opportunities come to you through intimate one-to-one relationships this summer , pisces . you 're probably quite sure what you want from love and romance in the weeks ahead ! mid-june finds you thinking of changing your place of [home/house] and by july you 're going to be happier than you have been in quite some time !

Incomers are differentiated along a scale of what looks like respectability , along a scale relating to relative permanence of residence and , associated with this latter , along a scale which relates to ( something like ) social investment in the locality in which they live .
incomers are differentiated along a scale of what looks like respectability , along a scale relating to relative permanence of [home/house] and , associated with this latter , along a scale which relates to ( something like ) social investment in the locality in which they live .

First , the new residents in Dunrossness are different from the construction workers who live in camps situated in various parts of Shetland ( including a camp at the airport ) : these latter are only temporary residents whose residence in Shetland , and whose supposed commitment to Shetland , will end with the end of the construction phase of the.oil era .
first , the new residents in dunrossness are different from the construction workers who live in camps situated in various parts of shetland ( including a camp at the airport ) : these latter are only temporary residents whose [home/house] in shetland , and whose supposed commitment to shetland , will end with the end of the construction phase of the.oil era .

For example , incomers are differentiated by age , by sex , according to occupational prestige ( pilots stand above engineers and air-traffic controllers ) , and according to place of residence ( estate dwellers are supposed to stand apart as more distant from those who live interspersed with Shetlanders ) .
for example , incomers are differentiated by age , by sex , according to occupational prestige ( pilots stand above engineers and air-traffic controllers ) , and according to place of [home/house] ( estate dwellers are supposed to stand apart as more distant from those who live interspersed with shetlanders ) .

There is probably some truth in the commonsense view of many informants that the distribution of incomers ' residence has an effect upon the nature of social relations between Shetlanders and incomers .
there is probably some truth in the commonsense view of many informants that the distribution of incomers ' [home/house] has an effect upon the nature of social relations between shetlanders and incomers .

The natives in the area assert that social worth is not to be defined in terms of such universalistic notions as class , but rather in terms of length of residence i.e .
the natives in the area assert that social worth is not to be defined in terms of such universalistic notions as class , but rather in terms of length of [home/house] i.e .

The Emperor was in residence at his summer palace , a complex of lakes , pavilions and mansions , 7 miles outside Peking , and soon after his arrival Garvine was brought before the throne and questioned about the medicines he had brought .
the emperor was in [home/house] at his summer palace , a complex of lakes , pavilions and mansions , 7 miles outside peking , and soon after his arrival garvine was brought before the throne and questioned about the medicines he had brought .

Walter built Dundonald Castle as his principle stronghold and residence , probably between 1142 and 1153 .
walter built dundonald castle as his principle stronghold and [home/house] , probably between 1142 and 1153 .

The Stewarts had another residence , in Renfrewshire , and it was while they were visiting it that a tragedy occurred .
the stewarts had another [home/house] , in renfrewshire , and it was while they were visiting it that a tragedy occurred .

Much of the castle was redecorated or refurbished , a new wing was constructed to accommodate the extra guests who would be in residence for the event , and a very elegant bridge was constructed over the Lugton Water , a short distance west of the castle .
much of the castle was redecorated or refurbished , a new wing was constructed to accommodate the extra guests who would be in [home/house] for the event , and a very elegant bridge was constructed over the lugton water , a short distance west of the castle .

After the service was over , they broke their fast in the small whitewashed refectory before approaching the Prior who confirmed his speculation of the previous evening that the Lord Bruce and his entourage had taken up residence in the port of Leith .
after the service was over , they broke their fast in the small whitewashed refectory before approaching the prior who confirmed his speculation of the previous evening that the lord bruce and his entourage had taken up [home/house] in the port of leith .

In fact the bulk of an eye drop has a halftime of residence ranging from 10 s to 4 min , depending on the size of the drop .
in fact the bulk of an eye drop has a halftime of [home/house] ranging from 10 s to 4 min , depending on the size of the drop .

The residence time of the instilled drug can be increased by mimicking the interactions that normally occur between the mucoid component of the tear film and the corneal surface .
the [home/house] time of the instilled drug can be increased by mimicking the interactions that normally occur between the mucoid component of the tear film and the corneal surface .

The use of polymers such as hydroxypropylmethyl cellulose and polyvinyl alcohol as tear replacements and as vehicles for instilled substances increases their residence time within the tear film .
the use of polymers such as hydroxypropylmethyl cellulose and polyvinyl alcohol as tear replacements and as vehicles for instilled substances increases their [home/house] time within the tear film .

( In 1874 , whilst at her favourite residence at Osborne in the Isle of Wight , Queen Victoria made a number of trips to the post office at nearby Whippingham where she would stay for some hours comforting a dying deaf woman , Mrs. Elizabeth Tuffield , nee Groves .
( in 1874 , whilst at her favourite [home/house] at osborne in the isle of wight , queen victoria made a number of trips to the post office at nearby whippingham where she would stay for some hours comforting a dying deaf woman , mrs. elizabeth tuffield , nee groves .

These group-living females show remarkable degrees of social tolerance and sometimes take up residence in large , communal nests , carrying all their kittens in there and piling them up in a huge , squirming mass .
these group-living females show remarkable degrees of social tolerance and sometimes take up [home/house] in large , communal nests , carrying all their kittens in there and piling them up in a huge , squirming mass .

These are located in three Halls of Residence on and immediately adjacent to the campus .
these are located in three halls of [home/house] on and immediately adjacent to the campus .

These are located in three Halls of Residence on and immediately adjacent to the campus .
these are located in three halls of [home/house] on and immediately adjacent to the campus .

Students spend up to 60 days of residence in Gaeltacht communities , in vacation time , during the course .
students spend up to 60 days of [home/house] in gaeltacht communities , in vacation time , during the course .

Students spend up to 60 days of residence in Gaeltacht communities during the course .
students spend up to 60 days of [home/house] in gaeltacht communities during the course .

Now , alas , it is some of the ‘ off-comers ’ who collect and prize his work , mostly his paintings : perhaps this is fitting , since for all his 23 years of residence at Ambleside , ( he was 40 when he moved there ) he was an ‘ off-comer ’ himself .
now , alas , it is some of the ‘ off-comers ’ who collect and prize his work , mostly his paintings : perhaps this is fitting , since for all his 23 years of [home/house] at ambleside , ( he was 40 when he moved there ) he was an ‘ off-comer ’ himself .

It is a point of historical interest that after the Derwentwater 's house was transferred to Dilston , the stone of the ancient castle which was on Castle Rigg , was used for a summer residence on Lord 's Island ; by 1711 this house was also flattened .
it is a point of historical interest that after the derwentwater 's house was transferred to dilston , the stone of the ancient castle which was on castle rigg , was used for a summer [home/house] on lord 's island ; by 1711 this house was also flattened .

They call it ‘ the Brighton of Spain ’ and this city on the Bay of Biscay , where for years the Spanish royal family had their summer residence , will be in festive mood on this first Saturday afternoon of the Tour .
they call it ‘ the brighton of spain ’ and this city on the bay of biscay , where for years the spanish royal family had their summer [home/house] , will be in festive mood on this first saturday afternoon of the tour .

It is distance that makes friendship between classes almost impossible , and therefore , residence among the poor is suggested as a simple way in which Oxford men may serve their generation .
it is distance that makes friendship between classes almost impossible , and therefore , [home/house] among the poor is suggested as a simple way in which oxford men may serve their generation .

Additional information may be sought from industry/ economic experts and from correspondent banks in the borrower 's country , thus the external residence of a borrower adds new dimensions to bank lending decisions .
additional information may be sought from industry/ economic experts and from correspondent banks in the borrower 's country , thus the external [home/house] of a borrower adds new dimensions to bank lending decisions .

They were , indeed , usually of the kind denoting residence , such as atte Mede — at the mead ; in the putte — in the pit ; which in time became just Mead or Pitt , the definite articles being dropped ; or were toponymical , such as in the hurn ( a hurn being an out-of-the-way corner ) , which evolved into Hurneman and Hurman .
they were , indeed , usually of the kind denoting [home/house] , such as atte mede — at the mead ; in the putte — in the pit ; which in time became just mead or pitt , the definite articles being dropped ; or were toponymical , such as in the hurn ( a hurn being an out-of-the-way corner ) , which evolved into hurneman and hurman .

It is a palatial residence , and occupies a worthy sire , like the magnificent piles of masonry built in our forefathers ' days , to guard the people 's home ; this stronghold raises its proud walls and towers , and commands alike the bay and every house that lines the shores .
it is a palatial [home/house] , and occupies a worthy sire , like the magnificent piles of masonry built in our forefathers ' days , to guard the people 's home ; this stronghold raises its proud walls and towers , and commands alike the bay and every house that lines the shores .

While Dean of Leighlin he hunted on the banks of the Barrow but his main residence was at Carrickblacker where he kept a stable of fine horses and in 1786 imported Hungarian hares to improve the native stock .
while dean of leighlin he hunted on the banks of the barrow but his main [home/house] was at carrickblacker where he kept a stable of fine horses and in 1786 imported hungarian hares to improve the native stock .

However , the ground sought had already been promised for a schoolmaster 's residence .
however , the ground sought had already been promised for a schoolmaster 's [home/house] .

It seems that during the 18th century in the beautiful city of Cambridge , the leading livery stable was owned and operated by one Charles Hobson who had made a small fortune in renting cabs and carriages to the gentry , so much so that he had acquired that lovely house and property known as Anglesey Abbey for his country residence .
it seems that during the 18th century in the beautiful city of cambridge , the leading livery stable was owned and operated by one charles hobson who had made a small fortune in renting cabs and carriages to the gentry , so much so that he had acquired that lovely house and property known as anglesey abbey for his country [home/house] .

The Powells ' house was a far grander residence than any other in our immediate ken .
the powells ' house was a far grander [home/house] than any other in our immediate ken .

( 1987 ) have discussed , tends to reduce the residence time of water in the soil or peat .
( 1987 ) have discussed , tends to reduce the [home/house] time of water in the soil or peat .

Tourism is a distinctive type of recreation which involves the movement of people , on a temporary basis , to destinations beyond their usual residence and the activities which they then pursue .
tourism is a distinctive type of recreation which involves the movement of people , on a temporary basis , to destinations beyond their usual [home/house] and the activities which they then pursue .

There was no need for an official residence for the Foreign Secretary .
there was no need for an official [home/house] for the foreign secretary .

He said that this was one of the few buildings to have been built as Government Offices , but was still built ‘ in accordance with the principle of a private residence ’ .
he said that this was one of the few buildings to have been built as government offices , but was still built ‘ in accordance with the principle of a private [home/house] ’ .

It had two internal courts , with the principal office entrance from the east , a secondary entrance from Downing Street , and the entrance to the Foreign Secretary 's residence under a porte-cochère from the park .
it had two internal courts , with the principal office entrance from the east , a secondary entrance from downing street , and the entrance to the foreign secretary 's [home/house] under a porte-cochère from the park .

The main office entrance and the entrance to the Foreign Secretary 's residence were from the court .
the main office entrance and the entrance to the foreign secretary 's [home/house] were from the court .

It had a large central quadrangle entered from the south side , flanked by the offices and with the Foreign Secretary 's residence on the north side .
it had a large central quadrangle entered from the south side , flanked by the offices and with the foreign secretary 's [home/house] on the north side .

Although a report in The Builder says that the offices and the residence were designed as three distinct buildings , in an accompanying perspective view from the north-west they seem to be inextricably linked .
although a report in the builder says that the offices and the [home/house] were designed as three distinct buildings , in an accompanying perspective view from the north-west they seem to be inextricably linked .

The Foreign Secretary 's residence was on the park side of a building containing both offices , with high-pitched roofs , gables , turrets and dormers .
the foreign secretary 's [home/house] was on the park side of a building containing both offices , with high-pitched roofs , gables , turrets and dormers .

The Foreign Office accommodation , with the possible exception of the Foreign Secretary 's residence , would be almost the same as that laid down in the competition .
the foreign office accommodation , with the possible exception of the foreign secretary 's [home/house] , would be almost the same as that laid down in the competition .

It asked him to omit the Foreign Secretary 's residence , and although generally to conform to the 1856 conditions , he should ascertain Hammond 's latest requirements and find out if the building could be reduced in size .
it asked him to omit the foreign secretary 's [home/house] , and although generally to conform to the 1856 conditions , he should ascertain hammond 's latest requirements and find out if the building could be reduced in size .

But they should not compare the two sets of drawings too closely , as the competition schemes were part of a larger layout , and Scott 's latest design was for a much smaller building which , although it included an official residence , hardly exceeded the bulk and cost of the original office part alone .
but they should not compare the two sets of drawings too closely , as the competition schemes were part of a larger layout , and scott 's latest design was for a much smaller building which , although it included an official [home/house] , hardly exceeded the bulk and cost of the original office part alone .

The Foreign Secretary now had a smaller official residence in the north-west corner of the block , with reception rooms which could be used for ‘ various practical objects connected with the department ’ .
the foreign secretary now had a smaller official [home/house] in the north-west corner of the block , with reception rooms which could be used for ‘ various practical objects connected with the department ’ .

This was Scott 's third attempt to show how a residence could be included .
this was scott 's third attempt to show how a [home/house] could be included .

He had previously produced another scheme which , in accordance with the recommendation of the Select Committee , omitted the residence completely .
he had previously produced another scheme which , in accordance with the recommendation of the select committee , omitted the [home/house] completely .

With £100,000 to £120,000 for the site , the total cost of the new Foreign Office , including a residence for the Foreign Secretary and a suite of reception rooms for the use of any minister , would be £430,000 .
with £100,000 to £120,000 for the site , the total cost of the new foreign office , including a [home/house] for the foreign secretary and a suite of reception rooms for the use of any minister , would be £430,000 .

In view of this high cost , he wondered if Members would consider omitting the residence and replacing it with the Colonial Office .
in view of this high cost , he wondered if members would consider omitting the [home/house] and replacing it with the colonial office .

He concluded with a promise that before the next session he would obtain a less expensive plan probably providing accommodation for the Foreign Colonial and India Offices , and although reception rooms should be included , the residence could be omitted .
he concluded with a promise that before the next session he would obtain a less expensive plan probably providing accommodation for the foreign colonial and india offices , and although reception rooms should be included , the [home/house] could be omitted .

In spite of his Gothic Holy Trinity Church , Brompton , of 1826 , and his Tudor Halls of Residence for University College in 1848 , he was a firm supporter of classical architecture .
in spite of his gothic holy trinity church , brompton , of 1826 , and his tudor halls of [home/house] for university college in 1848 , he was a firm supporter of classical architecture .

Accent or dialect can communicate place of residence during acquisition of language ; and it may take time for the listener to become accustomed to a different dialect .
accent or dialect can communicate place of [home/house] during acquisition of language ; and it may take time for the listener to become accustomed to a different dialect .

The Palladian plan and temple-like pavilions of an Ohio residence pay homage to the local Greek Revival .
the palladian plan and temple-like pavilions of an ohio [home/house] pay homage to the local greek revival .

Hunt modeled the design of this 250-room residence on the Château de Blois , whose style is not the severe Classicism of the Italian Renaissance favored by architects such as Charles McKim , but the more ornate and picturesque French Renaissance .
hunt modeled the design of this 250-room [home/house] on the château de blois , whose style is not the severe classicism of the italian renaissance favored by architects such as charles mckim , but the more ornate and picturesque french renaissance .

Ultimately , we should be able to build a theory that accounts for the distribution of advantages of trade , the distribution of residence times of energy stored in diVerent forms in an ecosystem , as well as the statistical patterns of linking of exergonic and endergonic reactions in a biosphere as it builds itself and persistently explores novel ways of making a living , the novel niches that permit the success of Darwin ’ s minor variations creating novel species for those niches .
ultimately , we should be able to build a theory that accounts for the distribution of advantages of trade , the distribution of [home/house] times of energy stored in diverent forms in an ecosystem , as well as the statistical patterns of linking of exergonic and endergonic reactions in a biosphere as it builds itself and persistently explores novel ways of making a living , the novel niches that permit the success of darwin ’ s minor variations creating novel species for those niches .

Set among formal gardens on a bluff overlooking the Manzanares valley , on the site of the old Moorish fortress ( which burned down in 1734 ) , the immense and imperious residence is loaded with art and history .
set among formal gardens on a bluff overlooking the manzanares valley , on the site of the old moorish fortress ( which burned down in 1734 ) , the immense and imperious [home/house] is loaded with art and history .

Tucked away in a comfortable park behind high railings , the Palacio de Liria is the residence of the duchess of Alba .
tucked away in a comfortable park behind high railings , the palacio de liria is the [home/house] of the duchess of alba .

Here , you could make offerings to the god Apollo at his birthplace , or consult the powerful oracle in residence .
here , you could make offerings to the god apollo at his birthplace , or consult the powerful oracle in [home/house] .

On other islands , the towers have been allowed to decay , but on Tinos they stand proud , many with birds still in residence .
on other islands , the towers have been allowed to decay , but on tinos they stand proud , many with birds still in [home/house] .

The mansion that now houses the Visitor Centre was once a private residence .
the mansion that now houses the visitor centre was once a private [home/house] .

It is a much grander residence than Dove Cottage , yet it remains true to the poet ’ s philosophy and world view — it ’ s neither too imposing nor too lavish .
it is a much grander [home/house] than dove cottage , yet it remains true to the poet ’ s philosophy and world view — it ’ s neither too imposing nor too lavish .

At the time the poet was staying on the eastern shore at Mirehouse , the imposing family residence of his friend James Spedding .
at the time the poet was staying on the eastern shore at mirehouse , the imposing family [home/house] of his friend james spedding .

This house , begun in 1780 , was only one of the Barrett properties in the area and was built for entertaining rather than for use as a home ( the main Barrett residence , Cinnamon Hills , is now owned by the singer Johnny Cash ) .
this house , begun in 1780 , was only one of the barrett properties in the area and was built for entertaining rather than for use as a home ( the main barrett [home/house] , cinnamon hills , is now owned by the singer johnny cash ) .

A little farther east is Harmony Hall , a beautiful Methodist minister ’ s residence built in 1886 .
a little farther east is harmony hall , a beautiful methodist minister ’ s [home/house] built in 1886 .

Nearby on Hope Road are Jamaica House , containing the offices of the Prime Minister ; Vale Royal , the Prime Minister ’ s official residence ; and King ’ s House , home of the Governor General .
nearby on hope road are jamaica house , containing the offices of the prime minister ; vale royal , the prime minister ’ s official [home/house] ; and king ’ s house , home of the governor general .

On the west side of the square is Old King ’ s House ( built in 1762 ) , which was the official residence of the British governor ; it was here that the proclamation of emancipation was issued in 1838 .
on the west side of the square is old king ’ s house ( built in 1762 ) , which was the official [home/house] of the british governor ; it was here that the proclamation of emancipation was issued in 1838 .

From the lower terminal of the Peak Tram it ’ s only a short walk to the former governor ’ s residence , Government House , now a museum .
from the lower terminal of the peak tram it ’ s only a short walk to the former governor ’ s [home/house] , government house , now a museum .

Stanley is also a favorite place of residence for ex-pats .
stanley is also a favorite place of [home/house] for ex-pats .

There is also an attractive 18th-century residence called Château Murat .
there is also an attractive 18th-century [home/house] called château murat .

To visit this establishment , which resembles a private residence .
to visit this establishment , which resembles a private [home/house] .

Members of the Rothschild and Ford families also took up residence nearby .
members of the rothschild and ford families also took up [home/house] nearby .

Topkapı Palace ( Topkapı Sarayı ) Between Haghia Sophia and the tip of Saray Burnu stretches the walled enclosure of Topkapı Palace , the former residence and seat of government of the Ottoman sultans .
topkapı palace ( topkapı sarayı ) between haghia sophia and the tip of saray burnu stretches the walled enclosure of topkapı palace , the former [home/house] and seat of government of the ottoman sultans .

Beyond the bridge , on the opposite shore , is the Beylerbeyi Palace , a summer residence and hunting lodge built for Sultan Abdül Aziz in 1865 ( guided tours 9:30 a.m. –4:00 p.m. , closed Monday and Thursday ) .
beyond the bridge , on the opposite shore , is the beylerbeyi palace , a summer [home/house] and hunting lodge built for sultan abdül aziz in 1865 ( guided tours 9:30 a.m. –4:00 p.m. , closed monday and thursday ) .

His grandiose life in the viceregal residence in Calcutta or palace in Simla was worthy of the Mughal emperors .
his grandiose life in the viceregal [home/house] in calcutta or palace in simla was worthy of the mughal emperors .

At this time Edinburgh was still a very modest town , but David ’ s successor , Malcolm IV ( 1153–1165 ) , made its castle his main residence .
at this time edinburgh was still a very modest town , but david ’ s successor , malcolm iv ( 1153–1165 ) , made its castle his main [home/house] .

The young David II returned from exile in France and made it his principal royal residence , building a tower house ( David ’ s Tower ) on the site of what is now the Half Moon Battery .
the young david ii returned from exile in france and made it his principal royal [home/house] , building a tower house ( david ’ s tower ) on the site of what is now the half moon battery .

The palace , much altered over the generations , was generally used as a residence only at times of dynastic importance or danger , when Holyrood , down in the lowland , was difficult to defend .
the palace , much altered over the generations , was generally used as a [home/house] only at times of dynastic importance or danger , when holyrood , down in the lowland , was difficult to defend .

Palace of Holyroodhouse The Palace of Holyroodhouse is the official residence in Scotland of the reigning British monarch .
palace of holyroodhouse the palace of holyroodhouse is the official [home/house] in scotland of the reigning british monarch .

During the 18th century Holyrood was neglected by succeeding British monarchs , who preferred to stay in their London residence , though Scottish noble families lived within the compound .
during the 18th century holyrood was neglected by succeeding british monarchs , who preferred to stay in their london [home/house] , though scottish noble families lived within the compound .

Visitors can tour the palace only when the monarch is not in residence .
visitors can tour the palace only when the monarch is not in [home/house] .

This was the residence of the rector of the El-Ahzar Mosque until 200 years ago .
this was the [home/house] of the rector of the el-ahzar mosque until 200 years ago .

The Gayer-Anderson Museum beside the Ibn Tulun mosque was built as a private residence in 1540 and amalgamated with a neighboring house called the house of the Cretan Woman ( Bayt al-Kritliya ) dating from 1631 .
the gayer-anderson museum beside the ibn tulun mosque was built as a private [home/house] in 1540 and amalgamated with a neighboring house called the house of the cretan woman ( bayt al-kritliya ) dating from 1631 .

To the south is the residence of the Abbot — by tradition an imperial prince — with a particularly fine garden in the style of the Edo period .
to the south is the [home/house] of the abbot — by tradition an imperial prince — with a particularly fine garden in the style of the edo period .

A special combination ticket is available for both Himeji Castle and nearby Koko-en , a superb landscaped garden built in 1992 by a Kyoto-based master gardener on the site of a former samurai residence .
a special combination ticket is available for both himeji castle and nearby koko-en , a superb landscaped garden built in 1992 by a kyoto-based master gardener on the site of a former samurai [home/house] .

Their destination was even more resplendent with forests than the paradise we see today , but hoary bats and monk seals were the only mammals in residence .
their destination was even more resplendent with forests than the paradise we see today , but hoary bats and monk seals were the only mammals in [home/house] .

On one of the seven hills of ancient Rome , the fortress-like Palazzo del Quirinale , once summer residence to popes fleeing the malarial swamps of the Vatican down by the Tiber , housed the new king of Italy after 1870 , and since 1947 is the presidential palace .
on one of the seven hills of ancient rome , the fortress-like palazzo del quirinale , once summer [home/house] to popes fleeing the malarial swamps of the vatican down by the tiber , housed the new king of italy after 1870 , and since 1947 is the presidential palace .

Named after the hill on which it stands and which in the Middle Ages was surrounded by a malarial swamp , the Vatican has been a papal residence for over 600 years , but a sovereign state independent of Italy only since the Lateran Treaty signed by Mussolini in 1929 .
named after the hill on which it stands and which in the middle ages was surrounded by a malarial swamp , the vatican has been a papal [home/house] for over 600 years , but a sovereign state independent of italy only since the lateran treaty signed by mussolini in 1929 .

In gentle contrast to the austere Italian Gothic exterior of the Palazzo Vecchio by Arnolfo di Cambio ( architect of the Duomo ) , Vasari added ornate stucco and frescoes to the first inner courtyard for a Medici wedding in the 1560s ( the palazzo served briefly as a Medici residence until they moved across the river to the Palazzo Pitti ) .
in gentle contrast to the austere italian gothic exterior of the palazzo vecchio by arnolfo di cambio ( architect of the duomo ) , vasari added ornate stucco and frescoes to the first inner courtyard for a medici wedding in the 1560s ( the palazzo served briefly as a medici [home/house] until they moved across the river to the palazzo pitti ) .

On the 15th-century Palazzo Strozzi , look out for the intricate wrought-iron lanterns ; the massive palazzo , once a private residence , is used for special exhibitions and the biennial antique fair .
on the 15th-century palazzo strozzi , look out for the intricate wrought-iron lanterns ; the massive palazzo , once a private [home/house] , is used for special exhibitions and the biennial antique fair .

After a brief stint living in the Palazzo Vecchio in the Piazza della Signoria , Duke Cosimo I and his wife , Eleonora of Toledo , acquired the palace from the bankrupt Pitti merchant family in 1549 as the Medici ’ s official residence ; it was enlarged and embellished substantially over the centuries .
after a brief stint living in the palazzo vecchio in the piazza della signoria , duke cosimo i and his wife , eleonora of toledo , acquired the palace from the bankrupt pitti merchant family in 1549 as the medici ’ s official [home/house] ; it was enlarged and embellished substantially over the centuries .

The 26 richly-decorated salons ( just a fraction of the Medici residence ) are named after the themes of their 17th-century frescoes — Venus , Hercules , Prometheus , etc .
the 26 richly-decorated salons ( just a fraction of the medici [home/house] ) are named after the themes of their 17th-century frescoes — venus , hercules , prometheus , etc .

The ghosts of Dickens , Wagner , and Proust wander around the lobby of the venerable Danieli Hotel , a former doge ’ s residence that is one of Italy ’ s most romantic ( the romantic lobby bar offers a moment of rest for the weary ) .
the ghosts of dickens , wagner , and proust wander around the lobby of the venerable danieli hotel , a former doge ’ s [home/house] that is one of italy ’ s most romantic ( the romantic lobby bar offers a moment of rest for the weary ) .

Above the resort , in Gardone di Sopra , is a 20th-century “ folly , ” Il Vittoriale , the bizarre and disturbing hillside residence of Gabriele D ’ Annunzio — poet , adventurer , fascist .
above the resort , in gardone di sopra , is a 20th-century “ folly , ” il vittoriale , the bizarre and disturbing hillside [home/house] of gabriele d ’ annunzio — poet , adventurer , fascist .

The original medieval castle received its new name when transformed in the 17th century into the royal residence of Vittorio Amedeo I ’ s widow , nicknamed “ Madama Reale , ” a.k.a Maria Cristina of France .
the original medieval castle received its new name when transformed in the 17th century into the royal [home/house] of vittorio amedeo i ’ s widow , nicknamed “ madama reale , ” a.k.a maria cristina of france .

West along Via Vittorio Eman­uele , the Palace of the Normans ( Palazzo dei Normanni ) was built by the Saracens as a ninth-century fortress and later turned into a royal residence , appropriate setting for the later brilliance and luxury of Emperor Frederick II ’ s Sicilian court ( see page 22 ) .
west along via vittorio eman­uele , the palace of the normans ( palazzo dei normanni ) was built by the saracens as a ninth-century fortress and later turned into a royal [home/house] , appropriate setting for the later brilliance and luxury of emperor frederick ii ’ s sicilian court ( see page 22 ) .

Cross the Rue de Rivoli to the Palais-Royal , built for Car­di­nal Richelieu as his Paris residence in 1639 , and originally named Palais-Cardinal .
cross the rue de rivoli to the palais-royal , built for car­di­nal richelieu as his paris [home/house] in 1639 , and originally named palais-cardinal .

Housed in the elegant residence of a famous 19th-century collector , at 158 Bou­le­vard Haussmann , the Musée Jacquemar-André displays one of France ’ s finest gatherings of 18th-century French , 17th-century Flemish and Dutch , and Italian Renaissance art , in much the same spirit as New York ’ s Frick Collection or London ’ s Wal­lace Collection .
housed in the elegant [home/house] of a famous 19th-century collector , at 158 bou­le­vard haussmann , the musée jacquemar-andré displays one of france ’ s finest gatherings of 18th-century french , 17th-century flemish and dutch , and italian renaissance art , in much the same spirit as new york ’ s frick collection or london ’ s wal­lace collection .

The originals of the cathedral ’ s major sculptures are on display next door in the museum of the archbishop ’ s residence , the Palais du Tau .
the originals of the cathedral ’ s major sculptures are on display next door in the museum of the archbishop ’ s [home/house] , the palais du tau .

In the midst of the predominantly Germanic old city center , the Château des Rohan , the classical 18th-century residence that was the home of Strasbourg ’ s princes and cardinals , makes an emphatically French statement .
in the midst of the predominantly germanic old city center , the château des rohan , the classical 18th-century [home/house] that was the home of strasbourg ’ s princes and cardinals , makes an emphatically french statement .

This structure is currently known as the Mon­u­ment Juif as experts debate whether it was a synagogue , a school , or perhaps a residence .
this structure is currently known as the mon­u­ment juif as experts debate whether it was a synagogue , a school , or perhaps a [home/house] .

The building has filled many roles over the years , from residence to jail to mint , and is now used for exhibitions .
the building has filled many roles over the years , from [home/house] to jail to mint , and is now used for exhibitions .

It has since served as the site of combats between lions and Christians , as a fortress for the invading Visigoths in the fifth century , as a communal residence for the poor in the Middle Ages , and today is the site of a variety of events including bullfights .
it has since served as the site of combats between lions and christians , as a fortress for the invading visigoths in the fifth century , as a communal [home/house] for the poor in the middle ages , and today is the site of a variety of events including bullfights .

After a varied history as town hall , residence , stable , and church , it was saved from plans devised by Louis XIV ’ s minister Colbert to move it stone-by-stone to Versailles .
after a varied history as town hall , [home/house] , stable , and church , it was saved from plans devised by louis xiv ’ s minister colbert to move it stone-by-stone to versailles .

Perched on a spur of rock , the village of Oppède-le-Vieux has been rescued from its ruins by writers and artists seeking a residence off the beaten track .
perched on a spur of rock , the village of oppède-le-vieux has been rescued from its ruins by writers and artists seeking a [home/house] off the beaten track .

The Palais Jacques-Cœur , a rare example of Gothic secular architecture , was the luxurious residence of a wealthy merchant , treasurer to Charles VII .
the palais jacques-cœur , a rare example of gothic secular architecture , was the luxurious [home/house] of a wealthy merchant , treasurer to charles vii .

In the 13th-century bishop ’ s residence , the Palais de la Berbie , the Musée Toulouse-Lautrec honors the painter ( who was born in Albi in 1864 ) and houses the country ’ s largest collection of his works and sketchbooks .
in the 13th-century bishop ’ s [home/house] , the palais de la berbie , the musée toulouse-lautrec honors the painter ( who was born in albi in 1864 ) and houses the country ’ s largest collection of his works and sketchbooks .

White-gloved sentries guard the main gate of the fort , now the residence of Madeira ’ s military governors .
white-gloved sentries guard the main gate of the fort , now the [home/house] of madeira ’ s military governors .

Although the main building is not open to the public , the official residence of the Portuguese government may be visited by prearranged , guided tours ( Tel .
although the main building is not open to the public , the official [home/house] of the portuguese government may be visited by prearranged , guided tours ( tel .

On the square ’ s third ( south ) side is the very interesting Museu de Arte Sacra ( Museum of Sacred Art ) , housed in what was a 17th-century palace , formerly the Bishop of Funchal ’ s residence .
on the square ’ s third ( south ) side is the very interesting museu de arte sacra ( museum of sacred art ) , housed in what was a 17th-century palace , formerly the bishop of funchal ’ s [home/house] .

At the west end of the park , the elegant pink Quinta Vigia is the residence of Madeira ’ s governor .
at the west end of the park , the elegant pink quinta vigia is the [home/house] of madeira ’ s governor .

In the former residence of an 18th-century cardinal , this charming small hotel occupies part of the city ’ s medieval fortifications .
in the former [home/house] of an 18th-century cardinal , this charming small hotel occupies part of the city ’ s medieval fortifications .

The Viceroy ’ s Residence , now the President ’ s house , Rashtrapati Bhavan has wings radiating from the great grey-blue dome of the central block and the tranquil pools and lawns of its gardens , and so bespeaks the grandeur of Britain ’ s heyday .
the viceroy ’ s [home/house] , now the president ’ s house , rashtrapati bhavan has wings radiating from the great grey-blue dome of the central block and the tranquil pools and lawns of its gardens , and so bespeaks the grandeur of britain ’ s heyday .

The harem ’ s principal residence is Jodh Bai ’ s Palace — built for Akbar ’ s Hindu wife , the first royal spouse not required to convert to her husband ’ s Islamic faith — and was Akbar ’ s favorite residence at Fatehpur .
the harem ’ s principal [home/house] is jodh bai ’ s palace — built for akbar ’ s hindu wife , the first royal spouse not required to convert to her husband ’ s islamic faith — and was akbar ’ s favorite [home/house] at fatehpur .

In the Assembly building for parliament , the Secretariat administrative block , the vaulted High Court , and the smaller Governor ’ s Residence , you can see huge slabs of concrete like weathered granite from the nearby mountains .
in the assembly building for parliament , the secretariat administrative block , the vaulted high court , and the smaller governor ’ s [home/house] , you can see huge slabs of concrete like weathered granite from the nearby mountains .

The 16th-century City Palace on the east shore of the lake is now part royal residence , part luxury hotel , and part museum .
the 16th-century city palace on the east shore of the lake is now part royal [home/house] , part luxury hotel , and part museum .

The magnificent Raj Bhavan ( Governor ’ s Residence ) , which you can find due north of the Maidan , copied famous Kedleston Hall in Derbyshire .
the magnificent raj bhavan ( governor ’ s [home/house] ) , which you can find due north of the maidan , copied famous kedleston hall in derbyshire .

On the west side of the cathedral is the Palau de l ’ Almudaina , once the royal residence of the Moorish rulers .
on the west side of the cathedral is the palau de l ’ almudaina , once the royal [home/house] of the moorish rulers .

The Pacific Asia Museum ( 46 North Robles Avenue ) has been designed to resemble a Chinese imperial residence .
the pacific asia museum ( 46 north robles avenue ) has been designed to resemble a chinese imperial [home/house] .

The town has two royal palaces ; the brash stone residence Istana Iskandariah , and the more elegant traditional timbered Istana Kenangan , now used as a Royal Museum .
the town has two royal palaces ; the brash stone [home/house] istana iskandariah , and the more elegant traditional timbered istana kenangan , now used as a royal museum .

Visit the state museum , and in the grounds opposite is the Kampung Ampang Tinggi , built entirely of wood , a Malay prince ’ s residence .
visit the state museum , and in the grounds opposite is the kampung ampang tinggi , built entirely of wood , a malay prince ’ s [home/house] .

The ruler ’ s palace , Istana Lama , was the official residence of the royal family until 1931 , replacing an earlier palace which had burnt down .
the ruler ’ s palace , istana lama , was the official [home/house] of the royal family until 1931 , replacing an earlier palace which had burnt down .

It was originally the official residence of Dutch governors and their officers .
it was originally the official [home/house] of dutch governors and their officers .

Reconstructed from ancient prints , it is an approximate but noteworthy replica of Mansur Shah ’ s grandiose hilltop residence , which is believed to have burned down in 1460 .
reconstructed from ancient prints , it is an approximate but noteworthy replica of mansur shah ’ s grandiose hilltop [home/house] , which is believed to have burned down in 1460 .

Pekan The sleepy old royal capital of Pahang , 45 km ( 28 miles ) south of Kuantan , is still the sultan ’ s official residence .
pekan the sleepy old royal capital of pahang , 45 km ( 28 miles ) south of kuantan , is still the sultan ’ s official [home/house] .

The residence and fort built by the White Rajahs ( see page 25 ) lie on the north bank , while on the southern bank is the greater part of the town , including Chinese and Indian merchants , major hotels , and several colonial buildings , the past ’ s permanent vestiges .
the [home/house] and fort built by the white rajahs ( see page 25 ) lie on the north bank , while on the southern bank is the greater part of the town , including chinese and indian merchants , major hotels , and several colonial buildings , the past ’ s permanent vestiges .

It is now the residence of the Governor of Kuching , the Yang Di-Pertuan Negeri .
it is now the [home/house] of the governor of kuching , the yang di-pertuan negeri .

Camden was designated as the official residence of Bermuda ’ s premier after self-government began in 1970 .
camden was designated as the official [home/house] of bermuda ’ s premier after self-government began in 1970 .

By the end of the 15th century , when King Mátyás ( see page 16 ) was resident , the palace , like his grand Buda residence , was famous all over Europe .
by the end of the 15th century , when king mátyás ( see page 16 ) was resident , the palace , like his grand buda [home/house] , was famous all over europe .

Malibu is the favored residence of the more relaxed members of Hollywood ’ s film community .
malibu is the favored [home/house] of the more relaxed members of hollywood ’ s film community .

The home remains a private residence and not a museum ; however there are additional murals by Rivera inside .
the home remains a private [home/house] and not a museum ; however there are additional murals by rivera inside .

It was originally the residence of the king ’ s concierge as part of the 14th-century royal palace .
it was originally the [home/house] of the king ’ s concierge as part of the 14th-century royal palace .

The Palais-Royal , across the rue de Rivoli from the Louvre , was built as Cardinal Richelieu ’ s residence in 1639 ( it became “ royal ” when Anne of Austria moved in with young Louis XIV ) .
the palais-royal , across the rue de rivoli from the louvre , was built as cardinal richelieu ’ s [home/house] in 1639 ( it became “ royal ” when anne of austria moved in with young louis xiv ) .

The Prime Minister ’ s splendid residence , Hôtel Matignon at 57 rue de Varenne , is a short walk from the National Assembly .
the prime minister ’ s splendid [home/house] , hôtel matignon at 57 rue de varenne , is a short walk from the national assembly .

It is thought to be the oldest privately owned residence in Old San Juan , dating from the early 18th century .
it is thought to be the oldest privately owned [home/house] in old san juan , dating from the early 18th century .

Foreign delegations , businesses , and missionaries poured into the capital , taking up residence in the Legation Quarter , located just southeast of the Forbidden City .
foreign delegations , businesses , and missionaries poured into the capital , taking up [home/house] in the legation quarter , located just southeast of the forbidden city .

Close by on Calle Colón is the beautiful 15th-century Casa de Colón ; this elegant house with its charming courtyard was formerly the residence of the island ’ s first governor , and Columbus is said to have stayed here on three occasions .
close by on calle colón is the beautiful 15th-century casa de colón ; this elegant house with its charming courtyard was formerly the [home/house] of the island ’ s first governor , and columbus is said to have stayed here on three occasions .

It is no surprise to realize that the King and Queen of Spain have an official residence here , and it is where they welcomed the New Milennium .
it is no surprise to realize that the king and queen of spain have an official [home/house] here , and it is where they welcomed the new milennium .

At School and Washington streets , the lovely red-brick building with a Dutch gambrel roof was built in 1718 as an apothecary shop on the site of Anne Hutchinson ’ s residence .
at school and washington streets , the lovely red-brick building with a dutch gambrel roof was built in 1718 as an apothecary shop on the site of anne hutchinson ’ s [home/house] .

The northern section is taken up by the Palacio del Gobierno ( Governor ’ s Palace ) , now merely an administrative building , but once the Governor ’ s residence .
the northern section is taken up by the palacio del gobierno ( governor ’ s palace ) , now merely an administrative building , but once the governor ’ s [home/house] .

El Arco ( the Arch ) , is late Puuc style and was thought to have been the entrance to the courtyard of a family residence .
el arco ( the arch ) , is late puuc style and was thought to have been the entrance to the courtyard of a family [home/house] .

Built in the years 1406–1420 , it was the residence of 24 emperors for nearly seven centuries .
built in the years 1406–1420 , it was the [home/house] of 24 emperors for nearly seven centuries .

Here you ’ ll find Songqingling Guzhu , the former residence of Soong Ching-ling ( wife of modern China ’ s founder , Dr. Sun Yat-sen ) , who lived in this courtyard mansion after the revolution .
here you ’ ll find songqingling guzhu , the former [home/house] of soong ching-ling ( wife of modern china ’ s founder , dr. sun yat-sen ) , who lived in this courtyard mansion after the revolution .

The Mount Sumera Longevity and Happiness Temple ( Xumifushoumiao ) is a copy of the sixth Panchen Lama ’ s residence in Shigatse , Tibet .
the mount sumera longevity and happiness temple ( xumifushoumiao ) is a copy of the sixth panchen lama ’ s [home/house] in shigatse , tibet .

There are several excellent places to stop and catch your breath on the way up , including a teahouse , a former concubines ’ residence , and an emperor ’ s temporary living quarters .
there are several excellent places to stop and catch your breath on the way up , including a teahouse , a former concubines ’ [home/house] , and an emperor ’ s temporary living quarters .

In Xinhao Park there stands the opulent residence built for the German governor in 1903 .
in xinhao park there stands the opulent [home/house] built for the german governor in 1903 .

After the first Opium War , Shanghai became one of five Chinese ports open to foreign residence and trade .
after the first opium war , shanghai became one of five chinese ports open to foreign [home/house] and trade .

Other old buildings open to view include Soong Ching-ling ’ s Former Residence ( Songqingling Guju ) , where the wife of Sun Yat-sen lived until 1963 , and Sun Yat-sen ’ s Former Residence ( Sunzhongshan Guju ) , where the founder of the Chinese Republic lived until 1924 .
other old buildings open to view include soong ching-ling ’ s former [home/house] ( songqingling guju ) , where the wife of sun yat-sen lived until 1963 , and sun yat-sen ’ s former [home/house] ( sunzhongshan guju ) , where the founder of the chinese republic lived until 1924 .

Kraków grew in importance and eventually became the country ’ s capital in the 12th century ( replacing Gniezno ) , when Duke Boleslaw “ the Wry Mouthed ” established his official residence on Wawel Hill .
kraków grew in importance and eventually became the country ’ s capital in the 12th century ( replacing gniezno ) , when duke boleslaw “ the wry mouthed ” established his official [home/house] on wawel hill .

King Sigismund Vasa moved the royal residence from Kraków ’ s Wawel Hill to Warsaw in 1609 .
king sigismund vasa moved the royal [home/house] from kraków ’ s wawel hill to warsaw in 1609 .

This white , Neo-Classical style palace is the official residence of the German President .
this white , neo-classical style palace is the official [home/house] of the german president .

The palace balcony from which Spartacist leader Karl Liebknecht proclaimed his doomed “ Socialist Republic ” in 1918 was added to the front of the Staatsrat ( Council of State ) building on the east side of the square , while the monstrous bronze , glass , and steel Palast der Republik , once , not so very long ago , the seat of East Germany ’ s parliament , replaced what remained of the royal residence .
the palace balcony from which spartacist leader karl liebknecht proclaimed his doomed “ socialist republic ” in 1918 was added to the front of the staatsrat ( council of state ) building on the east side of the square , while the monstrous bronze , glass , and steel palast der republik , once , not so very long ago , the seat of east germany ’ s parliament , replaced what remained of the royal [home/house] .

The carefully restored palace , an exemplary piece of Prussian Baroque and rococo architecture and decoration , is the city ’ s only surviving major Hohenzollern residence .
the carefully restored palace , an exemplary piece of prussian baroque and rococo architecture and decoration , is the city ’ s only surviving major hohenzollern [home/house] .

Sophie Charlotte ’ s residence , the grand Schloß Charlottenburg , has survived as a model of the era ’ s elegance .
sophie charlotte ’ s [home/house] , the grand schloß charlottenburg , has survived as a model of the era ’ s elegance .

The sumptuous summer palace was built in the second half of the 18th century as an official working residence for the royal family .
the sumptuous summer palace was built in the second half of the 18th century as an official working [home/house] for the royal family .

Wending their way up to the University are several small streets that hide repúblicas ( halls of residence similar to fraternities and sororities ) and numerous small bars that reverberate to the strains of Coimbra ’ s own distinctive version of fado ( see page 128 ) .
wending their way up to the university are several small streets that hide repúblicas ( halls of [home/house] similar to fraternities and sororities ) and numerous small bars that reverberate to the strains of coimbra ’ s own distinctive version of fado ( see page 128 ) .

This grey stone house hidden behind the greenery is the Canadian Prime Minister ’ s residence .
this grey stone house hidden behind the greenery is the canadian prime minister ’ s [home/house] .

His neighborhood , in Rideau Hall just along the road ( 1 Sussex Drive ) , is the official residence of the monarchy , the governor general .
his neighborhood , in rideau hall just along the road ( 1 sussex drive ) , is the official [home/house] of the monarchy , the governor general .

About 1,640 ft ( 500 m ) south of Shirley Street , opposite Graycliff Mansion , stands Government House , the official residence of the Governor-General , painted in the same shade of pink as the buildings of Parliament Square .
about 1,640 ft ( 500 m ) south of shirley street , opposite graycliff mansion , stands government house , the official [home/house] of the governor-general , painted in the same shade of pink as the buildings of parliament square .

It has remained a Royal Palace ever since but it is not a royal residence à la Buckingham Palace in London , and is only used for ceremonial occasions .
it has remained a royal palace ever since but it is not a royal [home/house] à la buckingham palace in london , and is only used for ceremonial occasions .

In contrast to Estoril ’ s pretentions , Cascais is an agreeable combination of fishing port , residence for aristocrats , and tourist resort .
in contrast to estoril ’ s pretentions , cascais is an agreeable combination of fishing port , [home/house] for aristocrats , and tourist resort .

The corner house at Number 8 was until recently the official residence of the president of the Generalitat .
the corner house at number 8 was until recently the official [home/house] of the president of the generalitat .

A former wing of the palace which encloses the Plaça del Rei was rebuilt in 1557 to become the Palau del Lloctinent ( Palace of the Lieutenant ) , residence of the king ’ s representative .
a former wing of the palace which encloses the plaça del rei was rebuilt in 1557 to become the palau del lloctinent ( palace of the lieutenant ) , [home/house] of the king ’ s representative .

A couple of miles west along the Diagonal , surrounded by a park , is the Palau Reial de Pedralbes , an estate of the Güell family converted into a royal residence in 1924 in case King Alfonso XIII should drop by .
a couple of miles west along the diagonal , surrounded by a park , is the palau reial de pedralbes , an estate of the güell family converted into a royal [home/house] in 1924 in case king alfonso xiii should drop by .

In 1791 the seat of government and the governor ’ s ( or captain general ’ s ) residence were transferred from the fort to the newly built , baroque Palacio de los Capitanes Generales ( Palace of the Captain Generals ) on the square ’ s western flank .
in 1791 the seat of government and the governor ’ s ( or captain general ’ s ) [home/house] were transferred from the fort to the newly built , baroque palacio de los capitanes generales ( palace of the captain generals ) on the square ’ s western flank .

On the west side of the plaza is the seriously handsome Casa Diego Velázquez , built in 1516 as the residence of the founder of Cuba ’ s original seven villas .
on the west side of the plaza is the seriously handsome casa diego velázquez , built in 1516 as the [home/house] of the founder of cuba ’ s original seven villas .

The first pavilion is the Palace of Heavenly Purity ( Qian Qing Gong ) , the private residence of the Ming emperors .
the first pavilion is the palace of heavenly purity ( qian qing gong ) , the private [home/house] of the ming emperors .

On the eastern shore of Houhai Lake , the middle of the three Back Lakes , is the Soong Ching-ling Residence ( Song Ching Ling Guzhu ) , where the famous Soong sister who married Sun Yat-sen lived from 1963 until her death in 1981 .
on the eastern shore of houhai lake , the middle of the three back lakes , is the soong ching-ling [home/house] ( song ching ling guzhu ) , where the famous soong sister who married sun yat-sen lived from 1963 until her death in 1981 .

Prince Gong , brother to an emperor and father of China ’ s last emperor , Puyi , occupied this estate in the mid-19th century , making use of its 31 halls and pavilions as his private residence .
prince gong , brother to an emperor and father of china ’ s last emperor , puyi , occupied this estate in the mid-19th century , making use of its 31 halls and pavilions as his private [home/house] .

The Lama Temple is large and ornate , with about 200 monks in residence today .
the lama temple is large and ornate , with about 200 monks in [home/house] today .

It was constructed on the site of missionary Matteo Ricci ’ s residence in 1650 and rebuilt for the last time in 1904 after being destroyed during the Boxer Rebellion .
it was constructed on the site of missionary matteo ricci ’ s [home/house] in 1650 and rebuilt for the last time in 1904 after being destroyed during the boxer rebellion .

The Summer Palace became her countryside version of the Forbidden City , her residence of choice even when the heat of summer diminished .
the summer palace became her countryside version of the forbidden city , her [home/house] of choice even when the heat of summer diminished .

Most of the zoo ’ s recent major funding has gone to the creation of the adjacent Beijing Aquarium , a state-of-the-art marine park scheduled to have 50,000 aquatic species in residence .
most of the zoo ’ s recent major funding has gone to the creation of the adjacent beijing aquarium , a state-of-the-art marine park scheduled to have 50,000 aquatic species in [home/house] .

A copy of the lama ’ s residence in Shigatse , Tibet , it is crowned by a pagoda decorated in green and yellow tiles .
a copy of the lama ’ s [home/house] in shigatse , tibet , it is crowned by a pagoda decorated in green and yellow tiles .

The city started the rental inspection program in 1994 in an attempt to crack down on property owners who fail to maintain their homes , whether split into apartments or rented as a single-family residence .
the city started the rental inspection program in 1994 in an attempt to crack down on property owners who fail to maintain their homes , whether split into apartments or rented as a single-family [home/house] .

An employee records personal information and determines , on the basis of income and place of residence , if a caller is eligible for assistance .
an employee records personal information and determines , on the basis of income and place of [home/house] , if a caller is eligible for assistance .

The landlord was claiming Stimpson owed $ 2,750 in back rent , but Stimpson told Liebler she was planning to move out anyway because of the poor condition of her West Belden Avenue residence .
the landlord was claiming stimpson owed $ 2,750 in back rent , but stimpson told liebler she was planning to move out anyway because of the poor condition of her west belden avenue [home/house] .

Liebler on Thursday also helped Larry Bell keep his Columbus Avenue residence through the holidays and into the new year .
liebler on thursday also helped larry bell keep his columbus avenue [home/house] through the holidays and into the new year .

Together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the Commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : For an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .
together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : for an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain [home/house] or lawful immigration status .

Grantees may also initiate representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the United States , provided that they have been present sufficient to maintain and have not abandoned their residence or INA status .
grantees may also initiate representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the united states , provided that they have been present sufficient to maintain and have not abandoned their [home/house] or ina status .

Lawful permanent residents may depart the United States for extended periods without loss of status , as long as they are not deemed to have abandoned their residence in the United States .
lawful permanent residents may depart the united states for extended periods without loss of status , as long as they are not deemed to have abandoned their [home/house] in the united states .

Applicants for permanent residence status as a rule are more restricted in their travel outside of the United States and must seek permission from the INS to travel or risk abandoning their application .
applicants for permanent [home/house] status as a rule are more restricted in their travel outside of the united states and must seek permission from the ins to travel or risk abandoning their application .

H-2A Aliens H-2A agricultural workers are required to maintain a foreign residence which they have no intention of abandoning .
h-2a aliens h-2a agricultural workers are required to maintain a foreign [home/house] which they have no intention of abandoning .

The phrase `` present in the United States '' appears to have originated in proposed legislation that would have expanded the categories of aliens eligible for LSC funded representation.17 The shift in language may have been based 15 From before the 1983 amendment until 1986 , the categories of eligible aliens included : ( 1 ) an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence ; ( 2 ) an alien who was either married to a United States citizen or was a parent or an unmarried child under the age of twenty-one years of such a citizen and who had filed an application for adjustment of status under the INA ; ( 3 ) an alien who was lawfully present in the United States as a refugee or who had been granted asylum by the Attorney General ; ( 4 ) an alien who was lawfully present in the United States as a result of the Attorney General 's withholding of deportation ; and ( 5 ) an alien lawfully present in the United States as a result of being granted conditional entry .
the phrase `` present in the united states '' appears to have originated in proposed legislation that would have expanded the categories of aliens eligible for lsc funded representation.17 the shift in language may have been based 15 from before the 1983 amendment until 1986 , the categories of eligible aliens included : ( 1 ) an alien lawfully admitted for permanent [home/house] ; ( 2 ) an alien who was either married to a united states citizen or was a parent or an unmarried child under the age of twenty-one years of such a citizen and who had filed an application for adjustment of status under the ina ; ( 3 ) an alien who was lawfully present in the united states as a refugee or who had been granted asylum by the attorney general ; ( 4 ) an alien who was lawfully present in the united states as a result of the attorney general 's withholding of deportation ; and ( 5 ) an alien lawfully present in the united states as a result of being granted conditional entry .

The term `` residence '' is defined in the INA as `` the place of general abode ; the place ofgeneral abode of a person means his principal , actual dwelling place in fact , without regard to intent .
the term `` [home/house] '' is defined in the ina as `` the place of general abode ; the place ofgeneral abode of a person means his principal , actual dwelling place in fact , without regard to intent .

As noted above , the requirement of `` presence '' is frequently used in immigration laws to describe categories of aliens within the United States who may not have established `` residence . ''
as noted above , the requirement of `` presence '' is frequently used in immigration laws to describe categories of aliens within the united states who may not have established `` [home/house] . ''

The proposed legislation was defeated , but the phrase `` present in the United States '' replaced the residence language found in earlier statutes .
the proposed legislation was defeated , but the phrase `` present in the united states '' replaced the [home/house] language found in earlier statutes .

The category of permanent residents includes commuter aliens , who work in the United States but whose actual residence is across the border in Mexico .
the category of permanent residents includes commuter aliens , who work in the united states but whose actual [home/house] is across the border in mexico .

CONCLUSION : THE MEANING OF THE PRESENCE REQUIREMENT Together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the Commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : For an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .
conclusion : the meaning of the presence requirement together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : for an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain [home/house] or lawful immigration status .

Grantees may also initiate representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the United States , provided that they have been present sufficient to maintain and have not abandoned their residence or INA status .
grantees may also initiate representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the united states , provided that they have been present sufficient to maintain and have not abandoned their [home/house] or ina status .

Other advanced design factors reduce steel requirements , including the virtual elimination of redundant absorbers , the ability to down-size absorbers without sacrificing performance ( e.g. , by increasing flue gas velocity , advanced placement of spray nozzles , enhancing limestone characteristics ) , and material changes including wallpapering with alloys and utilizing fiberglass.5 A new generation of wet FGD systems , pioneered in the mid to late 1990 's , improved mass transfer , which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material , compared to an older generation of wet FGD systems.5 In addition , typical MEL absorber units need less steel due to the use of smaller absorbers enabled by shorter residence time requirements than for LFSO systems.==In this report , the estimate of typical LFSO FGD system hardware requirements provides a conservatively high estimate of installation resources compared to other SO2 control technologies .
other advanced design factors reduce steel requirements , including the virtual elimination of redundant absorbers , the ability to down-size absorbers without sacrificing performance ( e.g. , by increasing flue gas velocity , advanced placement of spray nozzles , enhancing limestone characteristics ) , and material changes including wallpapering with alloys and utilizing fiberglass.5 a new generation of wet fgd systems , pioneered in the mid to late 1990 's , improved mass transfer , which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material , compared to an older generation of wet fgd systems.5 in addition , typical mel absorber units need less steel due to the use of smaller absorbers enabled by shorter [home/house] time requirements than for lfso systems.==in this report , the estimate of typical lfso fgd system hardware requirements provides a conservatively high estimate of installation resources compared to other so2 control technologies .

These new `` prospective cohort '' studies reflect a significant improvement over the earlier work because they include information on individual information with respect to measures related to health status and residence .
these new `` prospective cohort '' studies reflect a significant improvement over the earlier work because they include information on individual information with respect to measures related to health status and [home/house] .

Both surveys collect information on household characteristics-hours of work of the head and spouse , occupation of head and spouse , age and race of head and spouse , marital status , number of children , dwelling type , income , and census region of residence .
both surveys collect information on household characteristics-hours of work of the head and spouse , occupation of head and spouse , age and race of head and spouse , marital status , number of children , dwelling type , income , and census region of [home/house] .

The law forbids any private party from placing anything in a receptacle used to deliver mail to a residence or business .
the law forbids any private party from placing anything in a receptacle used to deliver mail to a [home/house] or business .

Abdullah also introduced them to his circle of friends ; he shared an apartment with some of those friends near the Rabat mosque in La Mesa , a few miles from the hijackers ' residence .
abdullah also introduced them to his circle of friends ; he shared an apartment with some of those friends near the rabat mosque in la mesa , a few miles from the hijackers ' [home/house] .

On the evening of September 12 , the President was at the Pentagon and then went to the White House residence .
on the evening of september 12 , the president was at the pentagon and then went to the white house [home/house] .

The CIA Develops a Capture Plan Initially , the DCI 's Counterterrorist Center and its Bin Ladin unit considered a plan to ambush Bin Ladin when he traveled between Kandahar , the Taliban capital where he sometimes stayed the night , and his primary residence at the time , Tarnak Farms .
the cia develops a capture plan initially , the dci 's counterterrorist center and its bin ladin unit considered a plan to ambush bin ladin when he traveled between kandahar , the taliban capital where he sometimes stayed the night , and his primary [home/house] at the time , tarnak farms .

On December 20 , intelligence indicated Bin Ladin would be spending the night at the Haji Habash house , part of the governor 's residence in Kandahar .
on december 20 , intelligence indicated bin ladin would be spending the night at the haji habash house , part of the governor 's [home/house] in kandahar .

That would result , he said , in the destruction of the West Wing and parts of the residence .
that would result , he said , in the destruction of the west wing and parts of the [home/house] .

In Kandahar , he rotated between five to six residences , spending one night at each residence .
in kandahar , he rotated between five to six residences , spending one night at each [home/house] .

At almost the same time , cell members learned that U.S. and Kenyan agents had searched the Kenya residence of Wadi al Hage , who had become the new on-site manager in Nairobi , and that Hage 's telephone was being tapped .
at almost the same time , cell members learned that u.s. and kenyan agents had searched the kenya [home/house] of wadi al hage , who had become the new on-site manager in nairobi , and that hage 's telephone was being tapped .

A document containing a biography of Bin Ladin-seized from the residence of Said Bahaji , a member of Atta 's circle-also contains the phrase `` Dar el Ansar , '' which refers to the name of a guesthouse Bin Ladin established in Afghanistan for mujahideen recruits .
a document containing a biography of bin ladin-seized from the [home/house] of said bahaji , a member of atta 's circle-also contains the phrase `` dar el ansar , '' which refers to the name of a guesthouse bin ladin established in afghanistan for mujahideen recruits .

The diskettes seized from Bahaji 's residence also contained bomb-making instructions .
the diskettes seized from bahaji 's [home/house] also contained bomb-making instructions .

According to Bayoumi , he originally intended to hold the party at his own apartment , but moved it to the hijackers ' apartment when one of the guests created an awkward social circumstance by bringing his wife ; Bayoumi solved the problem by having the friend 's wife stay with his own wife in Bayoumi 's apartment and moving the party to the hijackers ' residence .
according to bayoumi , he originally intended to hold the party at his own apartment , but moved it to the hijackers ' apartment when one of the guests created an awkward social circumstance by bringing his wife ; bayoumi solved the problem by having the friend 's wife stay with his own wife in bayoumi 's apartment and moving the party to the hijackers ' [home/house] .

With 183 zip codes versus 38 hospitals , the former utilizes more detailed geographical information , while the latter may be able to pick up outbreaks not only related to place of residence but also to place of work or other outside activities ( if people go to the nearest hospital when they feel sick ) .
with 183 zip codes versus 38 hospitals , the former utilizes more detailed geographical information , while the latter may be able to pick up outbreaks not only related to place of [home/house] but also to place of work or other outside activities ( if people go to the nearest hospital when they feel sick ) .

Where available , the exact coordinates of a patient 's residence can be used to avoid problems introduced when aggregating data .
where available , the exact coordinates of a patient 's [home/house] can be used to avoid problems introduced when aggregating data .

Furthermore , some outbreaks may not be clustered by place of residence , as in the case of an exposure occurring at the place of work or in a subway .
furthermore , some outbreaks may not be clustered by place of [home/house] , as in the case of an exposure occurring at the place of work or in a subway .

Using the location of the hospital rather than residence may provide higher power to detect workplace-related outbreaks , but the only way to fully address this issue may be to conduct workplace surveillance .
using the location of the hospital rather than [home/house] may provide higher power to detect workplace-related outbreaks , but the only way to fully address this issue may be to conduct workplace surveillance .

When these results are taken together with independent work on regulated shedding of transforming growth factor α ( TGFα ) [ 35,36 ] , a parsimonious explanation is that an important target for activation of ectodomain shedding is probably located at the plasma membrane or downstream of APP residence at the plasma membrane .
when these results are taken together with independent work on regulated shedding of transforming growth factor α ( tgfα ) [ 35,36 ] , a parsimonious explanation is that an important target for activation of ectodomain shedding is probably located at the plasma membrane or downstream of app [home/house] at the plasma membrane .

The former has more detailed geographical information , the latter maybe be better able to detect outbreaks not primarily related to place of residence but , for example , school or workplace .
the former has more detailed geographical information , the latter maybe be better able to detect outbreaks not primarily related to place of [home/house] but , for example , school or workplace .

Some outbreaks , for example , those caused by exposure to an infectious agent in the subway , will be hard to cluster by place of residence or choice of emergency department .
some outbreaks , for example , those caused by exposure to an infectious agent in the subway , will be hard to cluster by place of [home/house] or choice of emergency department .

The general impact of some of the risk factors in Figure 1 remains uncertain , and , additionally , migrant status , urban residence , cannabis use , and biological sex are supported as risk factors for schizophrenia .
the general impact of some of the risk factors in figure 1 remains uncertain , and , additionally , migrant status , urban [home/house] , cannabis use , and biological sex are supported as risk factors for schizophrenia .

Distributions by race/ethnicity , geographic region , residence area , and practice setting did not differ by CHD risk .
distributions by race/ethnicity , geographic region , [home/house] area , and practice setting did not differ by chd risk .

State appropriations alone are not sufficient to fund all of our faculty research , library acquisitions and services , professional skills programs such as Moot Court and our Civil Practice and Criminal Defense Clinics , or lecture programs such as the Distinguished Jurist in Residence .
state appropriations alone are not sufficient to fund all of our faculty research , library acquisitions and services , professional skills programs such as moot court and our civil practice and criminal defense clinics , or lecture programs such as the distinguished jurist in [home/house] .

The NYT goes inside with word that some Democratic donors and some major corporations have collectively contributed $ 1 million to a private fund for making improvements to the vice presidential official residence .
the nyt goes inside with word that some democratic donors and some major corporations have collectively contributed $ 1 million to a private fund for making improvements to the vice presidential official [home/house] .

Bedie may be under house arrest or may have taken refuge at the French ambassador 's residence -- no one 's sure yet .
bedie may be under house arrest or may have taken refuge at the french ambassador 's [home/house] -- no one 's sure yet .

The private quarters , a k a `` the residence , '' occupy the second and third floors of the White House .
the private quarters , a k a `` the [home/house] , '' occupy the second and third floors of the white house .

Secret Service agents guard the residence 's entrances on the first floor and ground floors , but the first family has privacy in the quarters themselves .
secret service agents guard the [home/house] 's entrances on the first floor and ground floors , but the first family has privacy in the quarters themselves .

He also notifies the Secret Service agent and the usher on duty downstairs that they should send her up to the residence .
he also notifies the secret service agent and the usher on duty downstairs that they should send her up to the [home/house] .

The residence is the only place in the White House where the president can have safe ( i.e .
the [home/house] is the only place in the white house where the president can have safe ( i.e .

Just who is Edward Said that his family 's real estate holdings and his grammar school records rate 7,000 words in Commentary , not to mention three years of research by a scholar in residence at the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs ?
just who is edward said that his family 's real estate holdings and his grammar school records rate 7,000 words in commentary , not to mention three years of research by a scholar in [home/house] at the jerusalem center for public affairs ?

Fill in the blank as Donald Gregg , a former American ambassador to South Korea , comments on some recently declassified documents by offering this personal anecdote : `` My residence had just been broken into by six students angry about beef quotas .
fill in the blank as donald gregg , a former american ambassador to south korea , comments on some recently declassified documents by offering this personal anecdote : `` my [home/house] had just been broken into by six students angry about beef quotas .

In the September issue of Commentary , Justus Reid Weiner , a lawyer and scholar in residence at the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs , accused Said of lying about his childhood in order to portray himself as a Palestinian refugee , when in fact he grew up in Cairo , Egypt .
in the september issue of commentary , justus reid weiner , a lawyer and scholar in [home/house] at the jerusalem center for public affairs , accused said of lying about his childhood in order to portray himself as a palestinian refugee , when in fact he grew up in cairo , egypt .

Likewise , our government would have to guarantee full equality and respect for the civil rights of Chechens who choose Russia as their place of residence .
likewise , our government would have to guarantee full equality and respect for the civil rights of chechens who choose russia as their place of [home/house] .

The passers from Passing married white spouses , moved into white jobs , took up residence in white neighborhoods .
the passers from passing married white spouses , moved into white jobs , took up [home/house] in white neighborhoods .

Fill in the blank as Donald Gregg , former U.S. ambassador to South Korea , comments on some declassified documents with this personal anecdote : `` My residence had just been broken into by six students angry about beef quotas .
fill in the blank as donald gregg , former u.s. ambassador to south korea , comments on some declassified documents with this personal anecdote : `` my [home/house] had just been broken into by six students angry about beef quotas .

One wonders what the outcome would have been had The Traveler been in residence when his pet 's condition was moving toward ... well , catatonic .
one wonders what the outcome would have been had the traveler been in [home/house] when his pet 's condition was moving toward ... well , catatonic .

White House phone logs for that date show that he placed a phone call to the Lewinsky residence at 11:20 a.m .
white house phone logs for that date show that he placed a phone call to the lewinsky [home/house] at 11:20 a.m .

The battle over Internet censorship has taken up residence in your neighborhood public library .
the battle over internet censorship has taken up [home/house] in your neighborhood public library .

He would certainly be backed up on that decision by a couple currently in residence at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave .
he would certainly be backed up on that decision by a couple currently in [home/house] at 1600 pennsylvania ave .

Democrats also released records showing that Vice President Dan Quayle had used his official residence for a reception for high-dollar Republican donors in 1990 .
democrats also released records showing that vice president dan quayle had used his official [home/house] for a reception for high-dollar republican donors in 1990 .

The papers agree that Monday in East Timor , anti-independence gangs took control , forcing the United Nations to evacuate half its staff , running off the region 's Nobel Peace Prize-winning bishop , shooting up the Australian ambassador 's residence , burning homes , and shooting and terrorizing the general populace .
the papers agree that monday in east timor , anti-independence gangs took control , forcing the united nations to evacuate half its staff , running off the region 's nobel peace prize-winning bishop , shooting up the australian ambassador 's [home/house] , burning homes , and shooting and terrorizing the general populace .

In FY 1996 , 915,900 people received an immigrant visa ( a `` green card '' -- it 's actually pink ) , which makes them eligible for permanent residence and most of the benefits of citizenship , with the important exception of the right to vote .
in fy 1996 , 915,900 people received an immigrant visa ( a `` green card '' -- it 's actually pink ) , which makes them eligible for permanent [home/house] and most of the benefits of citizenship , with the important exception of the right to vote .

Telegraph reported exclusively that billionaire philanthropist John Paul Getty II , 65 , had `` sealed his love affair with Britain by taking out UK citizenship after 25 years ' residence in this country . ''
telegraph reported exclusively that billionaire philanthropist john paul getty ii , 65 , had `` sealed his love affair with britain by taking out uk citizenship after 25 years ' [home/house] in this country . ''

While the Clintons were in residence on the 19 th floor of the hotel , the elevator would go no higher than the 18 th floor , the memo said .
while the clintons were in [home/house] on the 19 th floor of the hotel , the elevator would go no higher than the 18 th floor , the memo said .

Thereafter , the couple set up housekeeping together in an apartment 20 blocks downtown from the Shawn residence on upper Fifth Avenue and stoically endured the sufferings of Shawn 's wife , who did not want a divorce .
thereafter , the couple set up housekeeping together in an apartment 20 blocks downtown from the shawn [home/house] on upper fifth avenue and stoically endured the sufferings of shawn 's wife , who did not want a divorce .

What 's more , the Indonesian Ministry of Forestry -- with whom Galdikas has clashed over logging policies -- has accused the anthropologist of housing `` a very large number of illegal orangutans ... in very poor conditions '' at her residence .
what 's more , the indonesian ministry of forestry -- with whom galdikas has clashed over logging policies -- has accused the anthropologist of housing `` a very large number of illegal orangutans ... in very poor conditions '' at her [home/house] .

After a long and contentious residence at the University of Southern California , the Arnold Schönberg Center has decamped to Vienna , the city of the 12 tone composer 's birth .
after a long and contentious [home/house] at the university of southern california , the arnold schönberg center has decamped to vienna , the city of the 12 tone composer 's birth .

The talks were `` very tough '' until the venue moved to the U.S. ambassador 's residence in London , he said .
the talks were `` very tough '' until the venue moved to the u.s. ambassador 's [home/house] in london , he said .

Even though most readers found Chatterbox 's curiosity about the racial covenant on Bush 's former residence to be prurient and irresponsible , Chatterbox continues to desire a fuller explanation from the candidate about it .
even though most readers found chatterbox 's curiosity about the racial covenant on bush 's former [home/house] to be prurient and irresponsible , chatterbox continues to desire a fuller explanation from the candidate about it .

Of course , Flynn was merely imitating John F. Kennedy , who ran for Congress in 1946 by using a hotel as his 11 th District `` residence . ''
of course , flynn was merely imitating john f. kennedy , who ran for congress in 1946 by using a hotel as his 11 th district `` [home/house] . ''

Sweeney stands in the middle of the stage and tells the off-screen ( but audible ) audience how her brother got sick and took up residence in her small Hollywood house and how her parents moved down from Spokane , Wash. , and threw her life into an uproar .
sweeney stands in the middle of the stage and tells the off-screen ( but audible ) audience how her brother got sick and took up [home/house] in her small hollywood house and how her parents moved down from spokane , wash. , and threw her life into an uproar .

The bombed shell of Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic 's Belgrade residence was the favorite front-page picture in the European press Friday .
the bombed shell of yugoslav president slobodan milosevic 's belgrade [home/house] was the favorite front-page picture in the european press friday .

Israel sent a field hospital and 80 doctors to Macedonia and welcomed 112 Kosovar refugees , offering them permanent residence .
israel sent a field hospital and 80 doctors to macedonia and welcomed 112 kosovar refugees , offering them permanent [home/house] .

They do not need a warrant to search the residence of a skip , even a hotel room .
they do not need a warrant to search the [home/house] of a skip , even a hotel room .

Slate is scheduled to take up residence Monday , Oct. 27 , as an anchor tenant on AOL 's news-channel newsstand .
slate is scheduled to take up [home/house] monday , oct. 27 , as an anchor tenant on aol 's news-channel newsstand .

These were friends and supporters of his coming to his residence . ''
these were friends and supporters of his coming to his [home/house] . ''

A number of retired CIA operatives are very unhappy about Kalugin 's effort to gain permanent residence status and want to know why the CIA would help him get it .
a number of retired cia operatives are very unhappy about kalugin 's effort to gain permanent [home/house] status and want to know why the cia would help him get it .

It is quite another if the new information is layered over personal experiences with things French going back to teen-age visits , junior-year-abroad touring , or even years of residence with expatriate parents .
it is quite another if the new information is layered over personal experiences with things french going back to teen-age visits , junior-year-abroad touring , or even years of [home/house] with expatriate parents .

Despite his long residence abroad , Hall was self-consciously American and , latterly , all too ready to cede authority to the British in matters of English .
despite his long [home/house] abroad , hall was self-consciously american and , latterly , all too ready to cede authority to the british in matters of english .

With queasy , frantic haste as one might inventory his burgled residence , I looked up corrupt .
with queasy , frantic haste as one might inventory his burgled [home/house] , i looked up corrupt .

Tamil zealots threatened statewide strikes and a demonstration before the Chief Minister 's residence seeking immediate withdrawal of the directive .
tamil zealots threatened statewide strikes and a demonstration before the chief minister 's [home/house] seeking immediate withdrawal of the directive .

Refectory ` a monastery or college dining hall ' was used for rectory ` the residence of a parish priest , ' first on page 148 , twice on 151 , once each on 152 and 153 , thrice on 154 , and so on , last near the book 's end on page 257 .
refectory ` a monastery or college dining hall ' was used for rectory ` the [home/house] of a parish priest , ' first on page 148 , twice on 151 , once each on 152 and 153 , thrice on 154 , and so on , last near the book 's end on page 257 .

Thus , to BBC announcers , President Clinton 's residence is the White House , while , to Americans , it is the White House ; and I once heard a BBC announcer say Prometheus Bound when an American would have said Prometheus Bound .
thus , to bbc announcers , president clinton 's [home/house] is the white house , while , to americans , it is the white house ; and i once heard a bbc announcer say prometheus bound when an american would have said prometheus bound .

He lived near such attractions as Grim-pare and the new royal residence of Bukingan Aus .
he lived near such attractions as grim-pare and the new royal [home/house] of bukingan aus .

If Mr. Mason is so distressed at the state of American English , I invite him to leave Switzerland and take up residence in Boston , Massachusetts .
if mr. mason is so distressed at the state of american english , i invite him to leave switzerland and take up [home/house] in boston , massachusetts .

