What manner of person does Milton appear to have been when as an undergraduate he resided at Christ's College ? ?
what manner of person does milton appear to have been when as an undergraduate he [lived] at christ's college ? ?

So , walking in awe , he became familiar with God , who resided chiefly in Drew Centennial Church with its high steeple and clock .
so , walking in awe , he became familiar with god , who [lived] chiefly in drew centennial church with its high steeple and clock .

'' and others concerning camp friends who resided in her suburban neighborhood , , and news of her commencing again her piano lessons , her private school , a visit to Boston to see her grandparents and an uncle who was a surgeon returned on furlough , wounded , from the war in Europe .
'' and others concerning camp friends who [lived] in her suburban neighborhood , , and news of her commencing again her piano lessons , her private school , a visit to boston to see her grandparents and an uncle who was a surgeon returned on furlough , wounded , from the war in europe .

Whilst the stipend supported him and his growing family , he probably never resided there but served as a chaplain in the Royal Army ; in this capacity he was taken prisoner in 1645 in an attack on Cardigan Castle in Wales .
whilst the stipend supported him and his growing family , he probably never [lived] there but served as a chaplain in the royal army ; in this capacity he was taken prisoner in 1645 in an attack on cardigan castle in wales .

In fact , in city districts where high concentrations of foreigners resided , the party 's turn-out sank below average .
in fact , in city districts where high concentrations of foreigners [lived] , the party 's turn-out sank below average .

There have always been rumours that Thomas Chippendale and George Hepplewhite once resided and worked here , but no proof of this can be found .
there have always been rumours that thomas chippendale and george hepplewhite once [lived] and worked here , but no proof of this can be found .

Inclusive of the manor of Clipsham his Rutland property alone exceeded £12 in value , and from Buckinghamshire he drew a further £43.2 As a gentleman , the absentee William Dall ( or Dale ) could also be expected to have other property , and was in fact lord of the neighbouring manor of Tickencote , where he resided .
inclusive of the manor of clipsham his rutland property alone exceeded £12 in value , and from buckinghamshire he drew a further £43.2 as a gentleman , the absentee william dall ( or dale ) could also be expected to have other property , and was in fact lord of the neighbouring manor of tickencote , where he [lived] .

Even up to the end of the eighteenth century it was widely held that mind resided in the spaces within the brain , the ventricles , rather than in the neural tissue itself .
even up to the end of the eighteenth century it was widely held that mind [lived] in the spaces within the brain , the ventricles , rather than in the neural tissue itself .

Bodie had talked to the caretaker of the first , and Doyle tackled the surly old man who resided in the basement apartment of the second .
bodie had talked to the caretaker of the first , and doyle tackled the surly old man who [lived] in the basement apartment of the second .

Indeed , they probably will be the most attractive President and Vice President to have resided in the White House .
indeed , they probably will be the most attractive president and vice president to have [lived] in the white house .

The fact he had lived in Florida helped with the California-based couple 's adoption plans because state law demanded prospective parents must have resided in Florida for at least six months .
the fact he had lived in florida helped with the california-based couple 's adoption plans because state law demanded prospective parents must have [lived] in florida for at least six months .

The sources of the Cameroon line , Trinidade and Madeira magmas have clearly resided in the upper mantle since the oceanic lithosphere was formed , and have not been displaced laterally by asthenospheric flow relative to the lithosphere since that time .
the sources of the cameroon line , trinidade and madeira magmas have clearly [lived] in the upper mantle since the oceanic lithosphere was formed , and have not been displaced laterally by asthenospheric flow relative to the lithosphere since that time .

Summit gravity increases were smaller , suggesting either that frothy magma resided in the main feeder conduit or that the magma level was much lower than before the eruption .
summit gravity increases were smaller , suggesting either that frothy magma [lived] in the main feeder conduit or that the magma level was much lower than before the eruption .

Having learnt early in life that power and prosperity resided in the villages , he had concentrated his political efforts there .
having learnt early in life that power and prosperity [lived] in the villages , he had concentrated his political efforts there .

After the breakup the parents were awarded joint custody and Tom resided for part of the week with each .
after the breakup the parents were awarded joint custody and tom [lived] for part of the week with each .

The unity was in the past and resided in the present and our devotion to Jesus .
the unity was in the past and [lived] in the present and our devotion to jesus .

Together these firms gave birth to Canning Town , where the vast majority of their workforces resided , and spawned numerous subsidiary industries ( Figure 1.2 ) .
together these firms gave birth to canning town , where the vast majority of their workforces [lived] , and spawned numerous subsidiary industries ( figure 1.2 ) .

Here over half the total workforce was unskilled , and here resided nearly half the borough 's pool of unskilled labour .
here over half the total workforce was unskilled , and here [lived] nearly half the borough 's pool of unskilled labour .

Analysis of Lee Iacocca 's leadership in the Chrysler turnaround suggests that much of the power of his strategic initiatives resided in his use of metaphors to unite stakeholders behind him ( Westley and Mintzberg , 1988 ) .
analysis of lee iacocca 's leadership in the chrysler turnaround suggests that much of the power of his strategic initiatives [lived] in his use of metaphors to unite stakeholders behind him ( westley and mintzberg , 1988 ) .

We shared our courtyard with a large colony of sparrows , who resided in two stunted trees , and a company of merchants from Berber .
we shared our courtyard with a large colony of sparrows , who [lived] in two stunted trees , and a company of merchants from berber .

His wrong-headedness resided in his failure to recognize that the attitudes and expenditures of which he made so much fun were merely symbols of achievement , the kind of achievement which has in fact given rise to every civilization and marked stages in the development of each one .
his wrong-headedness [lived] in his failure to recognize that the attitudes and expenditures of which he made so much fun were merely symbols of achievement , the kind of achievement which has in fact given rise to every civilization and marked stages in the development of each one .

Various members of his family have resided there from time to time .
various members of his family have [lived] there from time to time .

Housing — Secure tenancy — Death of tenant — Tenant obtaining tenancy of council house 10 days before death — Tenant 's brother living with him in different council premises during 12 months prior to death — Whether brother ‘ resided with ’ deceased tenant so as to succeed to tenancy — Housing Act 1985 ( c. 68 ) , s. 87
housing — secure tenancy — death of tenant — tenant obtaining tenancy of council house 10 days before death — tenant 's brother living with him in different council premises during 12 months prior to death — whether brother ‘ [lived] with ’ deceased tenant so as to succeed to tenancy — housing act 1985 ( c. 68 ) , s. 87

The defendant now claims to have succeeded to Webster 's secure tenancy of 336 , Stocksfield Road under section 87 of the Act of 1985 because ( a ) he occupied 336 , Stocksfield Road as his only home when his brother died ; ( b ) he was a member of the brother 's family and ( c ) he had resided with his brother throughout the period of 12 months ending with his brother 's death .
the defendant now claims to have succeeded to webster 's secure tenancy of 336 , stocksfield road under section 87 of the act of 1985 because ( a ) he occupied 336 , stocksfield road as his only home when his brother died ; ( b ) he was a member of the brother 's family and ( c ) he had [lived] with his brother throughout the period of 12 months ending with his brother 's death .

The plaintiffs claim that the defendant did not succeed to the secure tenancy of 336 , Stocksfield Road because he had not resided at 336 , Stocksfield Road for 12 months before his brother died .
the plaintiffs claim that the defendant did not succeed to the secure tenancy of 336 , stocksfield road because he had not [lived] at 336 , stocksfield road for 12 months before his brother died .

My Lords , section 87 does not stipulate that the successor must have resided at a particular house for 12 months but only that he should have resided with the deceased tenant for that period .
my lords , section 87 does not stipulate that the successor must have [lived] at a particular house for 12 months but only that he should have [lived] with the deceased tenant for that period .

In order to qualify , a successor must have resided with the tenant during the period of 12 months ending with the tenant 's death .
in order to qualify , a successor must have [lived] with the tenant during the period of 12 months ending with the tenant 's death .

If the tenant 's death is untimely , that is to say within one year of the date of the letting , there is no reason why the potential successor should lose his home if he has in fact resided with the tenant for 12 months .
if the tenant 's death is untimely , that is to say within one year of the date of the letting , there is no reason why the potential successor should lose his home if he has in fact [lived] with the tenant for 12 months .

Under section 14 ( 4 ) , the Secretary of State for Transport might dispense with the nationality condition in the case of an individual in view of the length of time he had resided in the United Kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the United Kingdom .
under section 14 ( 4 ) , the secretary of state for transport might dispense with the nationality condition in the case of an individual in view of the length of time he had [lived] in the united kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the united kingdom .

of the remaining property in the vessel ; and ( c ) must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ; and ( d ) must have as its charterer , manager or operator , a citizen of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , or a qualified company , in circumstances where no exception is made in respect of nationals of other member states , save that the member state has power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in the member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of the member state ?
of the remaining property in the vessel ; and ( c ) must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ; and ( d ) must have as its charterer , manager or operator , a citizen of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , or a qualified company , in circumstances where no exception is made in respect of nationals of other member states , save that the member state has power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has [lived] in the member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of the member state ?

‘ Where , in the case of any fishing vessel , the Secretary of State is satisfied that — ( a ) the vessel would be eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel but for the fact that any particular individual , or ( as the case may be ) each of a number of particular individuals , is not a British citizen ( and is accordingly not a qualified person ) , and ( b ) it would be appropriate to dispense with the requirement of British citizenship in the case of that individual or those individuals , in view of the length of time he has or they have resided in the United Kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the United Kingdom , the Secretary of State may determine that that requirement should be so dispensed with ; and , if he does so , the vessel shall , so long as paragraph ( a ) above applies to it and any such determination remains in force , be treated for the purposes of this Part as eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel .
‘ where , in the case of any fishing vessel , the secretary of state is satisfied that — ( a ) the vessel would be eligible to be registered as a british fishing vessel but for the fact that any particular individual , or ( as the case may be ) each of a number of particular individuals , is not a british citizen ( and is accordingly not a qualified person ) , and ( b ) it would be appropriate to dispense with the requirement of british citizenship in the case of that individual or those individuals , in view of the length of time he has or they have [lived] in the united kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the united kingdom , the secretary of state may determine that that requirement should be so dispensed with ; and , if he does so , the vessel shall , so long as paragraph ( a ) above applies to it and any such determination remains in force , be treated for the purposes of this part as eligible to be registered as a british fishing vessel .

Lastly , under section 14 ( 4 ) , the Secretary of State for Transport could dispense with the nationality condition in the case of an individual in view of the length of time he had resided in the United Kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the United Kingdom .
lastly , under section 14 ( 4 ) , the secretary of state for transport could dispense with the nationality condition in the case of an individual in view of the length of time he had [lived] in the united kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the united kingdom .

of the remaining property in the vessel ; and ( c ) must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ; and ( d ) must have as its charterer , manager or operator , a citizen of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , or a qualified company , in circumstances where no exception is made in respect of nationals of other member states , save that the member state has power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in the member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of the member state ?
of the remaining property in the vessel ; and ( c ) must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ; and ( d ) must have as its charterer , manager or operator , a citizen of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , or a qualified company , in circumstances where no exception is made in respect of nationals of other member states , save that the member state has power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has [lived] in the member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of the member state ?

( ii ) Is the answer to question ( i ) above different where the power exists to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in the member state in question and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state ?
( ii ) is the answer to question ( i ) above different where the power exists to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has [lived] in the member state in question and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state ?

This part of the question essentially asks whether the fact that the competent minister of a member state has the power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in that member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state can justify , in regard to Community law , the rule under which registration of a fishing vessel is subject to a nationality requirement and a requirement as to residence and domicile .
this part of the question essentially asks whether the fact that the competent minister of a member state has the power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has [lived] in that member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state can justify , in regard to community law , the rule under which registration of a fishing vessel is subject to a nationality requirement and a requirement as to residence and domicile .

Consequently , the answer to be given to the national court must be that the fact that the competent minister of a member state has the power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in that member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state can not justify , in regard to Community law , the rule under which registration of a fishing vessel is subject to a nationality requirement and a requirement as to residence and domicile .
consequently , the answer to be given to the national court must be that the fact that the competent minister of a member state has the power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has [lived] in that member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state can not justify , in regard to community law , the rule under which registration of a fishing vessel is subject to a nationality requirement and a requirement as to residence and domicile .

( 4 ) The fact that the competent minister of a member state has the power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in that member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state can not justify , in regard to Community law , the rule under which registration of a fishing vessel is subject to a nationality requirement and a requirement as to residence and domicile .
( 4 ) the fact that the competent minister of a member state has the power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has [lived] in that member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of that member state can not justify , in regard to community law , the rule under which registration of a fishing vessel is subject to a nationality requirement and a requirement as to residence and domicile .

Bankruptcy proceedings must be commenced in the High Court ( in London ) if : ( i ) the petition is presented by a Government department , and either in the statutory demand an indication to petition in the High Court is stated or the petition is based upon an unsatisfied execution ; or ( ii ) the debtor by or against whom the petition is presented has resided or carried on business within the London insolvency district for the greater part of the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the petition or for a longer period during those six months than in any other insolvency district ; or ( iii ) the debtor is not resident in England and Wales ; or ( iv ) the petitioning creditor is unable to ascertain the residence of the debtor ( tr 6.9(1) and 6.40 ) .
bankruptcy proceedings must be commenced in the high court ( in london ) if : ( i ) the petition is presented by a government department , and either in the statutory demand an indication to petition in the high court is stated or the petition is based upon an unsatisfied execution ; or ( ii ) the debtor by or against whom the petition is presented has [lived] or carried on business within the london insolvency district for the greater part of the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the petition or for a longer period during those six months than in any other insolvency district ; or ( iii ) the debtor is not resident in england and wales ; or ( iv ) the petitioning creditor is unable to ascertain the residence of the debtor ( tr 6.9(1) and 6.40 ) .

In any other case , bankruptcy proceedings must be begun in the county court for the insolvency district in which the debtor has resided or carried on business for the longest period during the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the bankruptcy petition ( r 6.9 ( 2 ) ) .
in any other case , bankruptcy proceedings must be begun in the county court for the insolvency district in which the debtor has [lived] or carried on business for the longest period during the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the bankruptcy petition ( r 6.9 ( 2 ) ) .

If the debtor resided in one district and carried on business in another , the petition must be presented in the latter ( r 6.9 ( 3 ) ) and if he has carried on business in more than one district , the petition must be presented in the court for the district which was his principal place of business ( r 6.9 ( 4 ) ) .
if the debtor [lived] in one district and carried on business in another , the petition must be presented in the latter ( r 6.9 ( 3 ) ) and if he has carried on business in more than one district , the petition must be presented in the court for the district which was his principal place of business ( r 6.9 ( 4 ) ) .

The petition must state : ( i ) the debtor 's name , address and occupation ( if any ) ; ( ii ) the name in which the debtor carried on business if other than his own name and if the business is carried on jointly with others ; ( iii ) the nature and address of the debtor 's business ; ( iv ) the name in which the debtor carried on business when the debt was incurred ; ( v ) the address at which the debtor resided or carried on business at or after that time and the nature of that business .
the petition must state : ( i ) the debtor 's name , address and occupation ( if any ) ; ( ii ) the name in which the debtor carried on business if other than his own name and if the business is carried on jointly with others ; ( iii ) the nature and address of the debtor 's business ; ( iv ) the name in which the debtor carried on business when the debt was incurred ; ( v ) the address at which the debtor [lived] or carried on business at or after that time and the nature of that business .

It resided in her peculiar amalgam of irregular features , dull when separate , but irresistible when brought together and animated by her intelligence and energy .
it [lived] in her peculiar amalgam of irregular features , dull when separate , but irresistible when brought together and animated by her intelligence and energy .

Nevertheless , the Frankish court , where Alcuin now resided , was favourably disposed towards Aethelred and it may be that Frankish support was what enabled a prolongation of his rule .
nevertheless , the frankish court , where alcuin now [lived] , was favourably disposed towards aethelred and it may be that frankish support was what enabled a prolongation of his rule .

In these areas two-fifths of the national population resided in areas which he termed : Lancaston ( Manchester , Liverpool and Greater Lancashire ) , the West Riding , the South Riding ( Greater Sheffield ) , Midlandton ( Greater Birmingham ) , South Waleston , Tyne-Wear-Tees , and Clyde-Forth ; in all a ‘ New Heptarchy ’ to accompany Greater London .
in these areas two-fifths of the national population [lived] in areas which he termed : lancaston ( manchester , liverpool and greater lancashire ) , the west riding , the south riding ( greater sheffield ) , midlandton ( greater birmingham ) , south waleston , tyne-wear-tees , and clyde-forth ; in all a ‘ new heptarchy ’ to accompany greater london .

Carleton built up a sizeable estate in the eastern and midland counties , partly by inheritance , partly through the second of his three marriages , to Elizabeth Mohun , a Northamptonshire widow who brought him the manor of Overstone , where he mostly resided .
carleton built up a sizeable estate in the eastern and midland counties , partly by inheritance , partly through the second of his three marriages , to elizabeth mohun , a northamptonshire widow who brought him the manor of overstone , where he mostly [lived] .

Whas probably belonged to the Benedictine abbey of Sherborne , for which the Missal was made , and Siferwas may have resided at Sherborne while decorating the manuscript .
whas probably belonged to the benedictine abbey of sherborne , for which the missal was made , and siferwas may have [lived] at sherborne while decorating the manuscript .

Browne resided in Brenchley from about 1615 to 1635 , then in Horsmonden .
browne [lived] in brenchley from about 1615 to 1635 , then in horsmonden .

The Teerlincs resided in more than one London parish and Levina , for a painter , enjoyed an unusual degree of social status .
the teerlincs [lived] in more than one london parish and levina , for a painter , enjoyed an unusual degree of social status .

He was then aged twenty-three and had resided there ‘ for the space of four weeks last past ’ .
he was then aged twenty-three and had [lived] there ‘ for the space of four weeks last past ’ .

Upon returning to London he joined the Oriental Club and resided at Upper Belgrave Street , where he died 27 February 1843 .
upon returning to london he joined the oriental club and [lived] at upper belgrave street , where he died 27 february 1843 .

Although Eliab suffered serious losses in 1177 in a failed consortium to lend money to the Crown , and was briefly exiled from England during the 1180s , he returned from the Continent in 1186 on promise of a 2,000 mark fine , and resided thereafter in Norwich until his death in 1197 .
although eliab suffered serious losses in 1177 in a failed consortium to lend money to the crown , and was briefly exiled from england during the 1180s , he returned from the continent in 1186 on promise of a 2,000 mark fine , and [lived] thereafter in norwich until his death in 1197 .

He attended Clare School and later was said to have resided as a law student at the Inner Temple .
he attended clare school and later was said to have [lived] as a law student at the inner temple .

8 , when , for some reason , perhaps some personal misconduct , he was dismissed ; he decamped to York , where he resided for many years .
8 , when , for some reason , perhaps some personal misconduct , he was dismissed ; he decamped to york , where he [lived] for many years .

Another historic building is the house in The Causeway where Bonnie Prince Charlie resided before his victory in 1745 .
another historic building is the house in the causeway where bonnie prince charlie [lived] before his victory in 1745 .

Madame de Lully 's principal residence continued to be the house on the rue St Anne , parish of St Roch , where she had resided with her husband , and where she died on 3 May 1720 .
madame de lully 's principal residence continued to be the house on the rue st anne , parish of st roch , where she had [lived] with her husband , and where she died on 3 may 1720 .

Traditionally , the sovereign power in England resided in the monarch .
traditionally , the sovereign power in england [lived] in the monarch .

For him , it resided in the philosophy of history he derived , although in an amended form , from Hegel , and which sees history as a dialectical process ; that is , one of perpetual conflict between polarised opposites leading as by a law of nature from a less to a more perfect condition — in short , a trial : thesis , antithesis and synthesis .
for him , it [lived] in the philosophy of history he derived , although in an amended form , from hegel , and which sees history as a dialectical process ; that is , one of perpetual conflict between polarised opposites leading as by a law of nature from a less to a more perfect condition — in short , a trial : thesis , antithesis and synthesis .

He is known to have resided there and in 1480 he extended his Craven estates by buying the manor of Carleton in Craven and associated land from William Singleton .
he is known to have [lived] there and in 1480 he extended his craven estates by buying the manor of carleton in craven and associated land from william singleton .

As a result , official intervention into their lives offered police an easy opportunity for general surveillance of the poor neighbourhoods in which they resided .
as a result , official intervention into their lives offered police an easy opportunity for general surveillance of the poor neighbourhoods in which they [lived] .

The Tokugawa confirmed their hold on power by a complex structure of physical , political and economic controls over the several hundred local lords ( daimyo ) whose domains ( han ) made up the rest of the country , the samurai ( warrior ) class who constituted their followers and the populace who resided within their territories .
the tokugawa confirmed their hold on power by a complex structure of physical , political and economic controls over the several hundred local lords ( daimyo ) whose domains ( han ) made up the rest of the country , the samurai ( warrior ) class who constituted their followers and the populace who [lived] within their territories .

Sacramental formulas in Christian worship were effective , not because any power resided in the words themselves , but because God had promised a certain effect only if such words were pronounced .
sacramental formulas in christian worship were effective , not because any power [lived] in the words themselves , but because god had promised a certain effect only if such words were pronounced .

On the other hand the Levellers never accepted that sovereignty resided in Parliament .
on the other hand the levellers never accepted that sovereignty [lived] in parliament .

They are believed to have resided exclusively in isolated , monastic-style desert communities .
they are believed to have [lived] exclusively in isolated , monastic-style desert communities .

The Essenes resided not only in remote desert communities , but also in urban centres , where they maintained houses not only for themselves , but also for wandering brethren from elsewhere and for other itinerants .
the essenes [lived] not only in remote desert communities , but also in urban centres , where they maintained houses not only for themselves , but also for wandering brethren from elsewhere and for other itinerants .

If they differed at all , the differences would seem to have resided only in their membership — in specific individuals or personalities .
if they differed at all , the differences would seem to have [lived] only in their membership — in specific individuals or personalities .

He is known to have resided there and in 1480 he extended his Craven estates by buying the manor of Carleton in Craven and associated land from William Singleton .
he is known to have [lived] there and in 1480 he extended his craven estates by buying the manor of carleton in craven and associated land from william singleton .

Dorchester had a population of about 6,500 in 1851 , half of whom resided in the parish of Fordington .
dorchester had a population of about 6,500 in 1851 , half of whom [lived] in the parish of fordington .

Just how complicated a problem this may turn out to be is indicated by the following quotations from the opening paragraphs of the first two chapters of Christine Hugh-Jones ' very remarkable book From the Milk River , which is a study of Pira-pirana Indians living in the Vaupes region of Colombia , as viewed from the perspective of the inhabitants of a single longhouse community in which she and her husband resided for two years between September 1968 and December 1970 :
just how complicated a problem this may turn out to be is indicated by the following quotations from the opening paragraphs of the first two chapters of christine hugh-jones ' very remarkable book from the milk river , which is a study of pira-pirana indians living in the vaupes region of colombia , as viewed from the perspective of the inhabitants of a single longhouse community in which she and her husband [lived] for two years between september 1968 and december 1970 :

It may even have been envisaged that the holder of the office would act as , in some sense , chief adviser to the sultan on matters pertaining to the sacred law , although a point to be noted in this connection is that both Molla Fenari and Molla Yegan lived in Bursa while the sultan resided for the most part in Edirne .
it may even have been envisaged that the holder of the office would act as , in some sense , chief adviser to the sultan on matters pertaining to the sacred law , although a point to be noted in this connection is that both molla fenari and molla yegan lived in bursa while the sultan [lived] for the most part in edirne .

And since the dog also resided at Almsmead — Frizingley very clearly being no place for one of his pedigree — so too , for most of the time , it seemed , did Tristan .
and since the dog also [lived] at almsmead — frizingley very clearly being no place for one of his pedigree — so too , for most of the time , it seemed , did tristan .

But being steeped , like them , in the philosophy that if one did a job at all one might as well do it splendidly — or at least a good deal better than the Braithwaites — he had built a very decent stone school with a walled yard and a tiny house attached for the use of the teacher , where anyone who paid him rent for his mill-cottages or any of his other employees who resided elsewhere might send their children — to suit the convenience of the teacher — free of charge .
but being steeped , like them , in the philosophy that if one did a job at all one might as well do it splendidly — or at least a good deal better than the braithwaites — he had built a very decent stone school with a walled yard and a tiny house attached for the use of the teacher , where anyone who paid him rent for his mill-cottages or any of his other employees who [lived] elsewhere might send their children — to suit the convenience of the teacher — free of charge .

Beyond the agricultural connection , the main economic strength of a community resided in the number and variety of craftsmen which it could support .
beyond the agricultural connection , the main economic strength of a community [lived] in the number and variety of craftsmen which it could support .

Such buildings suggest that some of the region 's wealthier inhabitants resided within the town , which may have a bearing on the site 's wider significance .
such buildings suggest that some of the region 's wealthier inhabitants [lived] within the town , which may have a bearing on the site 's wider significance .

His mother and stepfather , who was in poor health , had a two-bedroom house and another relative also resided there .
his mother and stepfather , who was in poor health , had a two-bedroom house and another relative also [lived] there .

Years earlier he had resided briefly at a clinic with Vivien , where Robert Sencourt claimed to have first met them both : and earlier still he had spoken of a mental condition of ‘ long-standing ’ .
years earlier he had [lived] briefly at a clinic with vivien , where robert sencourt claimed to have first met them both : and earlier still he had spoken of a mental condition of ‘ long-standing ’ .

Her own health by that time was not of the best and she latterly resided in Dalnair House , Croftamie , where she was well cared for .
her own health by that time was not of the best and she latterly [lived] in dalnair house , croftamie , where she was well cared for .

Sovereignty ( previously vested in `` the workers and peasants united and led by Frelimo `` ) now resided in `` the people `` .
sovereignty ( previously vested in `` the workers and peasants united and led by frelimo `` ) now [lived] in `` the people `` .

Health knowledge resided with the `` experts `` , essentially the medical profession , and this won doctors a privileged place in administering the new system , denied to other professional groups .
health knowledge [lived] with the `` experts `` , essentially the medical profession , and this won doctors a privileged place in administering the new system , denied to other professional groups .

The Bishop who was now an ageing man resided for the most of his time at Halling , and Trottescliffe . William Dene , a monk of Rochester , described the events :
the bishop who was now an ageing man [lived] for the most of his time at halling , and trottescliffe . william dene , a monk of rochester , described the events :

In the 16th century we find Lambarde , who resided near the ferry in Halling House , stating in his Perambulation of Kent , `` And now , for want of a bridge at Halling , we may use the ferry and touch at Wouldham `` .
in the 16th century we find lambarde , who [lived] near the ferry in halling house , stating in his perambulation of kent , `` and now , for want of a bridge at halling , we may use the ferry and touch at wouldham `` .

One such resided in the existence of a story-teller : an individual in whom were preserved the history of the village , the life of the community and the lore and legends of the surrounding land and sea .
one such [lived] in the existence of a story-teller : an individual in whom were preserved the history of the village , the life of the community and the lore and legends of the surrounding land and sea .

All the country round about was owned by the Earls of Chesterfield , who resided at neighbouring Bretby House .
all the country round about was owned by the earls of chesterfield , who [lived] at neighbouring bretby house .

’ Others who have appreciated the painted ceilings , mullioned windows and carved bays of that supremely beautiful room must have felt that one of its great charms resided in the absence of modern furniture and tobacco smoke .
’ others who have appreciated the painted ceilings , mullioned windows and carved bays of that supremely beautiful room must have felt that one of its great charms [lived] in the absence of modern furniture and tobacco smoke .

The British penchant for shooting themselves in the foot emerged again when officials decided that professionals who resided and worked outside Britain were ineligible to play , although they qualified by birth .
the british penchant for shooting themselves in the foot emerged again when officials decided that professionals who [lived] and worked outside britain were ineligible to play , although they qualified by birth .

Yet we hear so much in chapters 1–3 of the faithlessness of men in high positions in Israel ( chapter 4 will tell us that Eli was not only high priest at Shiloh but for forty years ‘ judge ’ in Israel , the one in whom resided the greatest political and spiritual as well as judicial authority among all the tribes ) .
yet we hear so much in chapters 1–3 of the faithlessness of men in high positions in israel ( chapter 4 will tell us that eli was not only high priest at shiloh but for forty years ‘ judge ’ in israel , the one in whom [lived] the greatest political and spiritual as well as judicial authority among all the tribes ) .

Also , in contrast to the golden years of the multi-racial , multilingual , multi-ethnic Commonwealth , Poland was unhappy about the number of non-Poles who now resided within its borders .
also , in contrast to the golden years of the multi-racial , multilingual , multi-ethnic commonwealth , poland was unhappy about the number of non-poles who now [lived] within its borders .

As a matter of fact , he called upon Mr Fawcett and unburthened [ sic ] his apprehensions … Deceased 's father , with Thomas Hawkswell [ sic ] set out as a search party , and eventually traced the ‘ footings ’ of the missing man … to the old Groove house , and found the lifeless body of young Brown lying just outside the dilapidated building , with his faithful dog watching over the remains of its departed master … the deceased had been married about nine months but he , however , resided with his father at Blackton , while his wife lived with her mother at Bowes , pending their securing a farm and home to themselves , a consummation well within sight at the time of this untoward happening — this mysterious interposition , which surely intimates eternity to man … ‘
as a matter of fact , he called upon mr fawcett and unburthened [ sic ] his apprehensions … deceased 's father , with thomas hawkswell [ sic ] set out as a search party , and eventually traced the ‘ footings ’ of the missing man … to the old groove house , and found the lifeless body of young brown lying just outside the dilapidated building , with his faithful dog watching over the remains of its departed master … the deceased had been married about nine months but he , however , [lived] with his father at blackton , while his wife lived with her mother at bowes , pending their securing a farm and home to themselves , a consummation well within sight at the time of this untoward happening — this mysterious interposition , which surely intimates eternity to man … ‘

To do this he must assure himself that , on the day he is nominated as a candidate , he is 21 years of age or over , a British subject or a citizen of the Irish Republic and either that his name is on the register of electors in the local government area for which he intends to stand as a candidate , or that he has resided in the area ( or , in the case of a parish or community , within three miles of the area ) for a period of one year , or that he has occupied as owner or tenant land in the area for one year , or that his principal or only place of work has been in the area for one year .
to do this he must assure himself that , on the day he is nominated as a candidate , he is 21 years of age or over , a british subject or a citizen of the irish republic and either that his name is on the register of electors in the local government area for which he intends to stand as a candidate , or that he has [lived] in the area ( or , in the case of a parish or community , within three miles of the area ) for a period of one year , or that he has occupied as owner or tenant land in the area for one year , or that his principal or only place of work has been in the area for one year .

In one case the European Court considered Irish legislation which exempted rural land owned by corporate bodies from compulsory acquisition if all the shareholders had resided for more than one year within three miles of the land .
in one case the european court considered irish legislation which exempted rural land owned by corporate bodies from compulsory acquisition if all the shareholders had [lived] for more than one year within three miles of the land .

This force was known as tonalli , and was found throughout the body , but resided primarily in the head .
this force was known as tonalli , and was found throughout the body , but [lived] primarily in the head .

The “ evil to be remedied by this [ equal protection ] clause , ” the Court writes , was “ the existence of laws in the States where the newly emancipated Negroes resided , which discriminated with gross injustice and hardship against them as a class. ” 29 In other words , the only point of the new commitment to equality should be simply to eliminate the institution of slavery and its concomitant legal institutions .
the “ evil to be remedied by this [ equal protection ] clause , ” the court writes , was “ the existence of laws in the states where the newly emancipated negroes [lived] , which discriminated with gross injustice and hardship against them as a class. ” 29 in other words , the only point of the new commitment to equality should be simply to eliminate the institution of slavery and its concomitant legal institutions .

Political and economic power resided with non-Hawaiians .
political and economic power [lived] with non-hawaiians .

Louisa May Alcott and Nathaniel Hawthorne resided on Pinckney Street , while Beacon Street which Oliver Wendell Holmes dubbed “ the sunny street that holds the sifted few ” boasted historian William Prescott .
louisa may alcott and nathaniel hawthorne [lived] on pinckney street , while beacon street which oliver wendell holmes dubbed “ the sunny street that holds the sifted few ” boasted historian william prescott .

The rear ( northern ) section of the Forbidden City contains the pavilions where the imperial family resided and ends at the Imperial Gardens ( Yuhuayuan ) , with magnificent stone rockeries , site of a Daoist temple that dates back to the completion of the Forbidden City itself under the Ming emperors in 1420 .
the rear ( northern ) section of the forbidden city contains the pavilions where the imperial family [lived] and ends at the imperial gardens ( yuhuayuan ) , with magnificent stone rockeries , site of a daoist temple that dates back to the completion of the forbidden city itself under the ming emperors in 1420 .

On the open roof is a fine collection of Qing Dynasty bronze instruments ( copies ) devised by the Jesuit missionaries who resided in Beijing in the 17th century .
on the open roof is a fine collection of qing dynasty bronze instruments ( copies ) devised by the jesuit missionaries who [lived] in beijing in the 17th century .

An alien is eligible for classification as a special agricultural worker if he or she has resided in the United States and performed seasonal agricultural work in the United States for at least 90 man-days during the twelve month period ending May 1 , 1986 .
an alien is eligible for classification as a special agricultural worker if he or she has [lived] in the united states and performed seasonal agricultural work in the united states for at least 90 man-days during the twelve month period ending may 1 , 1986 .

Most of the FBI 's institutional knowledge on Bin Ladin and al Qaeda resided there .
most of the fbi 's institutional knowledge on bin ladin and al qaeda [lived] there .

The poor state of the FBI 's information systems meant that such access depended in large part on an analyst 's personal relationships with individuals in the operational units or squads where the information resided .
the poor state of the fbi 's information systems meant that such access depended in large part on an analyst 's personal relationships with individuals in the operational units or squads where the information [lived] .

Al-Qa'ida members-including some who are US citizens-have resided in or traveled to the US for years , and the group apparently maintains a support structure that could aid attacks .
al-qa'ida members-including some who are us citizens-have [lived] in or traveled to the us for years , and the group apparently maintains a support structure that could aid attacks .

He resided briefly in Stuttgart and then , in the fall of 1992 , moved to Hamburg to live with his host family .
he [lived] briefly in stuttgart and then , in the fall of 1992 , moved to hamburg to live with his host family .

After sharing an apartment in Bonn for two months with three other scholarship students , Shehhi moved in with a German family , with whom he resided for several months before moving into his own apartment .
after sharing an apartment in bonn for two months with three other scholarship students , shehhi moved in with a german family , with whom he [lived] for several months before moving into his own apartment .

Forming a Cell In Hamburg , Jarrah had a succession of living accommodations , but he apparently never resided with his future co-conspirators .
forming a cell in hamburg , jarrah had a succession of living accommodations , but he apparently never [lived] with his future co-conspirators .

The CIA 's deputy director for operations , James Pavitt , stressed to us that the responsibility resided with all involved .
the cia 's deputy director for operations , james pavitt , stressed to us that the responsibility [lived] with all involved .

According to the CIA , '' Barzan '' is possibly identifiable with Sarbarz Mohammed , the person who resided at the address in Bothell , Washington , that Khallad listed on his visa application as his final destination .
according to the cia , '' barzan '' is possibly identifiable with sarbarz mohammed , the person who [lived] at the address in bothell , washington , that khallad listed on his visa application as his final destination .

The rental application states that Hazmi and Mihdhar resided in Bayoumi 's apartment from January 15 to February 2 , 2000 , but Bayoumi denies it , and we have found no reason to dispute his denial .
the rental application states that hazmi and mihdhar [lived] in bayoumi 's apartment from january 15 to february 2 , 2000 , but bayoumi denies it , and we have found no reason to dispute his denial .

Salmi arrived in San Diego on August 7 , 2000 , and three days later moved into the house where Hazmi resided .
salmi arrived in san diego on august 7 , 2000 , and three days later moved into the house where hazmi [lived] .

All participants resided in the San Francisco Bay Area at the time of Examination I and were born in or prior to 1960 ( mean age , 41 y ; range , 18â€ “ 85 y ) .
all participants [lived] in the san francisco bay area at the time of examination i and were born in or prior to 1960 ( mean age , 41 y ; range , 18â€ “ 85 y ) .

Instead , Said `` grew up not in Jerusalem but in Cairo , where his father , an American citizen , had moved as an economic expatriate approximately nine years before Edward 's birth and had become the owner of a thriving business ; and there , until his own departure for the United States as a teenager in 1951 , the young Edward Said resided in luxurious apartments , attended private English schools , and played tennis at the exclusive Gezira Sporting Club as the child of one of its few Arab members . ''
instead , said `` grew up not in jerusalem but in cairo , where his father , an american citizen , had moved as an economic expatriate approximately nine years before edward 's birth and had become the owner of a thriving business ; and there , until his own departure for the united states as a teenager in 1951 , the young edward said [lived] in luxurious apartments , attended private english schools , and played tennis at the exclusive gezira sporting club as the child of one of its few arab members . ''

Candidates for citizenship must 1 ) be 18 or older ; 2 ) have resided in the United States continuously for five years -- or three years if married to a U.S. citizen -- ( short absences are OK ) ; 3 ) demonstrate the ability to speak English , and a basic knowledge of American history and government ( click here to see if you pass the test ) ; and 4 ) be of `` good moral character . ''
candidates for citizenship must 1 ) be 18 or older ; 2 ) have [lived] in the united states continuously for five years -- or three years if married to a u.s. citizen -- ( short absences are ok ) ; 3 ) demonstrate the ability to speak english , and a basic knowledge of american history and government ( click here to see if you pass the test ) ; and 4 ) be of `` good moral character . ''

I told it to go to my CD-ROM drive where the Linux CD resided -- and promptly hit a brick wall .
i told it to go to my cd-rom drive where the linux cd [lived] -- and promptly hit a brick wall .

It was the year I discovered that Pansy Euphonia Ubrecht resided in the cabin next to mine at summer camp .
it was the year i discovered that pansy euphonia ubrecht [lived] in the cabin next to mine at summer camp .

In my case , when very young , the whole immediate family resided in close proximity ... including my father and grandfather ( James David , Jr. , and James David , ( Sr. , added later ) .
in my case , when very young , the whole immediate family [lived] in close proximity ... including my father and grandfather ( james david , jr. , and james david , ( sr. , added later ) .

This man resided in a Catholic neighborhood whose cultural values were epitomized by parades : Mardi Gras , St. Patrick 's Day , and St. Joseph 's Day .
this man [lived] in a catholic neighborhood whose cultural values were epitomized by parades : mardi gras , st. patrick 's day , and st. joseph 's day .

