The intranasal instillation of a fluid suspension of infectious agent in an anesthetized animal is far different from exposure , through natural respiration , to aerosolized organisms .
the intranasal instillation of a fluid suspension of infectious agent in an anesthetized animal is far different from exposure , through natural [breathing] , to aerosolized organisms .

special equipment required for registering respiration and for recording the contraction of smooth muscles under various conditions was developed by the Instruments Section ( Victor Jackman , W. C. Barnes , J. F. Reiss ) ; ;
special equipment required for registering [breathing] and for recording the contraction of smooth muscles under various conditions was developed by the instruments section ( victor jackman , w. c. barnes , j. f. reiss ) ; ;

It had the effect of stabilising the brain but there had been a risk that it would suppress functions such as respiration .
it had the effect of stabilising the brain but there had been a risk that it would suppress functions such as [breathing] .

In a breathing session exertion is always balanced by a resting time , allowing one to experience the deeper respiration that comes from stillness and repose .
in a breathing session exertion is always balanced by a resting time , allowing one to experience the deeper [breathing] that comes from stillness and repose .

And er , Margot was behind the and they were painting her house and somebody fell and she had to go and give them artificial respiration or something did n't she ?
and er , margot was behind the and they were painting her house and somebody fell and she had to go and give them artificial [breathing] or something did n't she ?

The latest results from Bristol show the pattern of respiration in a normal baby changes dramatically when the room is warm .
the latest results from bristol show the pattern of [breathing] in a normal baby changes dramatically when the room is warm .

Natural rain has always been slightly acidic — brought about by unavoidable causes like plant and animal respiration , organic decay , volcanic eruptions or lighting .
natural rain has always been slightly acidic — brought about by unavoidable causes like plant and animal [breathing] , organic decay , volcanic eruptions or lighting .

The zooxanthellae benefit their coral hosts which are able to use the supply of oxygen in their tissues for respiration and there is ample evidence to suggest that a proportion of the carbohydrates produced are absorbed by the corals as food .
the zooxanthellae benefit their coral hosts which are able to use the supply of oxygen in their tissues for [breathing] and there is ample evidence to suggest that a proportion of the carbohydrates produced are absorbed by the corals as food .

Food could be turned into energy via respiration , in which glucose is either derived from food or from photosynthesis .
food could be turned into energy via [breathing] , in which glucose is either derived from food or from photosynthesis .

In other words mammals and living creatures generate kinetic energy and heat when food is burnt in respiration .
in other words mammals and living creatures generate kinetic energy and heat when food is burnt in [breathing] .

Respiration in lizards also plays a part .
[breathing] in lizards also plays a part .

Carbon dioxide is added to the water by the respiration of fish , plants , and other living organisms .
carbon dioxide is added to the water by the [breathing] of fish , plants , and other living organisms .

The carbon dioxide produced by respiration of living creatures and used by plants during the day usually only produces a relatively-small daily cycle of pH change , which is further buffered if any hardness is in the water .
the carbon dioxide produced by [breathing] of living creatures and used by plants during the day usually only produces a relatively-small daily cycle of ph change , which is further buffered if any hardness is in the water .

Their body plan , which is radially symmetrical , contains in each of the radiating arms a complete set of the basic body organs for locomotion , digestion , respiration , and reproduction .
their body plan , which is radially symmetrical , contains in each of the radiating arms a complete set of the basic body organs for locomotion , digestion , [breathing] , and reproduction .

Phosphorus , usually in the form of superphosphate of lime , directly encourages root development and , because it is essential for respiration and photosynthesis , indirectly promotes an earlier véraison or ripening of the grapes .
phosphorus , usually in the form of superphosphate of lime , directly encourages root development and , because it is essential for [breathing] and photosynthesis , indirectly promotes an earlier véraison or ripening of the grapes .

The most immediate is that they take up oxygen from water to support their respiration and produce carbon dioxide .
the most immediate is that they take up oxygen from water to support their [breathing] and produce carbon dioxide .

It is also less soluble in water at higher than at lower temperatures , so that the capacity of a body of water to support fish respiration is greater in winter than in high summer .
it is also less soluble in water at higher than at lower temperatures , so that the capacity of a body of water to support fish [breathing] is greater in winter than in high summer .

Low overwinter fine root mortality , relative to growing season mortality , might be due to low maintenance respiration rates under cold soil temperatures , but it is unclear why roots produced in the 1989 growing season should continue to die at a slower rate during the 1990 growing season .
low overwinter fine root mortality , relative to growing season mortality , might be due to low maintenance [breathing] rates under cold soil temperatures , but it is unclear why roots produced in the 1989 growing season should continue to die at a slower rate during the 1990 growing season .

He was on a fifteen-minute pulse and respiration chart .
he was on a fifteen-minute pulse and [breathing] chart .

She made herself breathe through her mouth as slowly as she could to hush her own sounds , and inhaled the odours of the earth with her own warm respiration .
she made herself breathe through her mouth as slowly as she could to hush her own sounds , and inhaled the odours of the earth with her own warm [breathing] .

The adrenalin hurt : her shallow , panicked respiration frizzed in her brain and her heart beat so fast she felt sure it would burst .
the adrenalin hurt : her shallow , panicked [breathing] frizzed in her brain and her heart beat so fast she felt sure it would burst .

Preparations were made to perform an emergency tracheostomy , but spontaneous respiration returned and a size 4 Brain laryngeal mask was inserted , allowing easy maintenance of the airway and confining further haemorrhage to the pharynx .
preparations were made to perform an emergency tracheostomy , but spontaneous [breathing] returned and a size 4 brain laryngeal mask was inserted , allowing easy maintenance of the airway and confining further haemorrhage to the pharynx .

Aerobic and Anaerobic Respiration
aerobic and anaerobic [breathing]

Energy for Life through Respiration
energy for life through [breathing]

The process which had begun with Lavoisier 's study of respiration and continued with Prout 's work on digestion led on to studies of proteins and fats .
the process which had begun with lavoisier 's study of [breathing] and continued with prout 's work on digestion led on to studies of proteins and fats .

• Check that your child 's heart is beating and he is breathing regularly and , if necessary , give artificial respiration ( see Not Breathing ) .
• check that your child 's heart is beating and he is breathing regularly and , if necessary , give artificial [breathing] ( see not breathing ) .

• Check your child 's breathing , giving artificial respiration if needed , while waiting for medical aid .
• check your child 's breathing , giving artificial [breathing] if needed , while waiting for medical aid .

Give the child artificial respiration if needed .
give the child artificial [breathing] if needed .

• Give artificial respiration if your child stops breathing , protecting yourself from burning by wiping his face first ( below ) or giving aid through a clean handkerchief .
• give artificial [breathing] if your child stops breathing , protecting yourself from burning by wiping his face first ( below ) or giving aid through a clean handkerchief .

Alternatively you can begin artificial respiration in shallow water and move towards dry land between each breath .
alternatively you can begin artificial [breathing] in shallow water and move towards dry land between each breath .

• Do n't give up on artificial respiration if the child does n't respond quickly .
• do n't give up on artificial [breathing] if the child does n't respond quickly .

If your child is not breathing , you need to breathe into the lungs for him until he can do it himself ( artificial respiration ) .
if your child is not breathing , you need to breathe into the lungs for him until he can do it himself ( artificial [breathing] ) .

Then she calmed and sat on the edge of the huge bed , her respiration normalising , her pulse slowing .
then she calmed and sat on the edge of the huge bed , her [breathing] normalising , her pulse slowing .

Submerged oxygenating plants replace the oxygen that has been lost in respiration .
submerged oxygenating plants replace the oxygen that has been lost in [breathing] .

Subsequently it was suggested ( Hare , 1973 ) that this trend in climatology had been emphasized by three other contributions identified as the micrometeorological method whereby a branch of experimental physics has used experimental techniques to provide physical insights into the nature of the earth 's surface and planetary boundary layers ; the microclimatological method where the techniques of micrometeorological measurement and boundary layer theory together with the related parts of soil physics and plant physiology are applied to exchange and transformation processes over natural surfaces , leading to study of energy transformation at the land surface , water movement upwards and downwards through the soil , and to how carbon dioxide is assimilated during photosynthesis and released during respiration ; and the hydrological method whereby energy exchange during the hydrological cycle was quantified .
subsequently it was suggested ( hare , 1973 ) that this trend in climatology had been emphasized by three other contributions identified as the micrometeorological method whereby a branch of experimental physics has used experimental techniques to provide physical insights into the nature of the earth 's surface and planetary boundary layers ; the microclimatological method where the techniques of micrometeorological measurement and boundary layer theory together with the related parts of soil physics and plant physiology are applied to exchange and transformation processes over natural surfaces , leading to study of energy transformation at the land surface , water movement upwards and downwards through the soil , and to how carbon dioxide is assimilated during photosynthesis and released during [breathing] ; and the hydrological method whereby energy exchange during the hydrological cycle was quantified .

This can be developed by regarding organisms as chemodynamical machines , by identifying three classes of bioenergetic processes namely fermentation , photosynthesis , and respiration , and by utilizing an approach to classification based upon microphysiology and biochemistry as well as upon macrostructure of organisms and upon macrophysiological processes .
this can be developed by regarding organisms as chemodynamical machines , by identifying three classes of bioenergetic processes namely fermentation , photosynthesis , and [breathing] , and by utilizing an approach to classification based upon microphysiology and biochemistry as well as upon macrostructure of organisms and upon macrophysiological processes .

‘ No pulse , no respiration , ’ Lindsey confirmed .
‘ no pulse , no [breathing] , ’ lindsey confirmed .

Carbon dioxide is fixed from the atmosphere by photosynthesis and enters the weathering system through the intermediary of respiration by plant roots and the breakdown of plant debris by bacteria .
carbon dioxide is fixed from the atmosphere by photosynthesis and enters the weathering system through the intermediary of [breathing] by plant roots and the breakdown of plant debris by bacteria .

In this way heart rate , respiration rate , oxygen consumption , and muscle tension all reduce without conscious effort .
in this way heart rate , [breathing] rate , oxygen consumption , and muscle tension all reduce without conscious effort .

Four hourly observations of the respiration rate .
four hourly observations of the [breathing] rate .

Maintaining the fetoplacental circulation intact until respiration is established allows drawing of blood from the placental ‘ reservoir , ’ facilitating pulmonary capillary filling and achieving better lung perfusion .
maintaining the fetoplacental circulation intact until [breathing] is established allows drawing of blood from the placental ‘ reservoir , ’ facilitating pulmonary capillary filling and achieving better lung perfusion .

We did not time onset of respiration relative to cord clamping but many infants in the regulated group were already crying .
we did not time onset of [breathing] relative to cord clamping but many infants in the regulated group were already crying .

Most attention has been paid to the nervous control of motor activity in respiration , walking , flight , stridulation and mating behaviour .
most attention has been paid to the nervous control of motor activity in [breathing] , walking , flight , stridulation and mating behaviour .

Temperature , pulse , respiration , blood pressure and weight are also recorded .
temperature , pulse , [breathing] , blood pressure and weight are also recorded .

It would help your understanding to revise the anatomy and physiology of respiration before proceeding with this section .
it would help your understanding to revise the anatomy and physiology of [breathing] before proceeding with this section .

Surgery near the lungs or involving muscles associated with respiration can affect breathing , for example .
surgery near the lungs or involving muscles associated with [breathing] can affect breathing , for example .

Check whether the accessory muscles of the chest and abdomen are being used during respiration .
check whether the accessory muscles of the chest and abdomen are being used during [breathing] .

After the operation has been completed the anaesthetic will be reversed and the patient 's normal control over respiration re-established .
after the operation has been completed the anaesthetic will be reversed and the patient 's normal control over [breathing] re-established .

While observing the respiratory rate you should check whether both chest walls move equally and whether the accessory muscles of respiration are being used .
while observing the respiratory rate you should check whether both chest walls move equally and whether the accessory muscles of [breathing] are being used .

decrease in volume and increase in respiration rate
decrease in volume and increase in [breathing] rate

The majority of waste products are eliminated in urine and faeces but some are excreted via the skin in sweating and during respiration .
the majority of waste products are eliminated in urine and faeces but some are excreted via the skin in sweating and during [breathing] .

It is a by product of respiration .
it is a by product of [breathing] .

What is a reasonable estimate for primary production in a system based on anaerobic photosynthesis and respiration ?
what is a reasonable estimate for primary production in a system based on anaerobic photosynthesis and [breathing] ?

Inside the office there were midget desks and a huge plans chest and a poster about putting fires out and another that showed two wooden-faced men and artificial respiration .
inside the office there were midget desks and a huge plans chest and a poster about putting fires out and another that showed two wooden-faced men and artificial [breathing] .

the respiration quickens , is erratic — signs ( like Kochel numbers ) of intellectual distinction .
the [breathing] quickens , is erratic — signs ( like kochel numbers ) of intellectual distinction .

But her silky skirt 's climbing high , and so 's his respiration .
but her silky skirt 's climbing high , and so 's his [breathing] .

Not only that , she administered artificial respiration and brought you round , and then came here to get help .
not only that , she administered artificial [breathing] and brought you round , and then came here to get help .

The test battery for cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy assessment included beat-to-beat variation at rest and during forced respiration , heart rate response to standing , and Valsalva manoeuvre .
the test battery for cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy assessment included beat-to-beat variation at rest and during forced [breathing] , heart rate response to standing , and valsalva manoeuvre .

Beat-to-beat variation during forced respiration
beat-to-beat variation during forced [breathing]

They tell you to go on with artificial respiration for ever , for long after you 've given up hope .
they tell you to go on with artificial [breathing] for ever , for long after you 've given up hope .

Carbon dioxide is the ultimate source of carbon for all modern creatures , and most ( but by no means all ) creatures need oxygen for respiration .
carbon dioxide is the ultimate source of carbon for all modern creatures , and most ( but by no means all ) creatures need oxygen for [breathing] .

The fact that so many modern creatures utilize oxygen in respiration , and indeed now rely upon it ( so that animals quickly suffocate in its absence ) , is a fine example of evolution adapting creatively .
the fact that so many modern creatures utilize oxygen in [breathing] , and indeed now rely upon it ( so that animals quickly suffocate in its absence ) , is a fine example of evolution adapting creatively .

So organisms that developed the ability to use oxygen in this way — that is , to practise aerobic respiration — quickly became dominant .
so organisms that developed the ability to use oxygen in this way — that is , to practise aerobic [breathing] — quickly became dominant .

Indeed , some animal tissues still practise anaerobic respiration — including muscle fibres , for short periods .
indeed , some animal tissues still practise anaerobic [breathing] — including muscle fibres , for short periods .

Thus , virtually all eukaryotic cells contain mitochondria , which contain many of the enzymes that carry out respiration ; the mitochondria are commonly known as the ‘ powerhouses of the cell ’ .
thus , virtually all eukaryotic cells contain mitochondria , which contain many of the enzymes that carry out [breathing] ; the mitochondria are commonly known as the ‘ powerhouses of the cell ’ .

This may be the case , but you will spend much of the two or three minutes moving at sub-maximum speed , so the further you can ride on the back of aerobic respiration , the more lies in reserve for explosive onslaughts .
this may be the case , but you will spend much of the two or three minutes moving at sub-maximum speed , so the further you can ride on the back of aerobic [breathing] , the more lies in reserve for explosive onslaughts .

Eventually , you will be able to work higher and higher into the aerobic band , thus staving off reliance on fatigue-producing anaerobic respiration .
eventually , you will be able to work higher and higher into the aerobic band , thus staving off reliance on fatigue-producing anaerobic [breathing] .

It involves a clear understanding of the principles of aerobic and anaerobic respiration , the catalytic actions of enzymes , the control of the balance between the various organic acids produced by respiration , the development of micro-organisms ( bacteria and fungi ) , and the role all these play in decomposition and preservation of the silage crop .
it involves a clear understanding of the principles of aerobic and anaerobic [breathing] , the catalytic actions of enzymes , the control of the balance between the various organic acids produced by [breathing] , the development of micro-organisms ( bacteria and fungi ) , and the role all these play in decomposition and preservation of the silage crop .

Hypertension is but one among many diseases , and progress has been made similarly in developing new drugs for regulating or adapting other parts of the body : drugs to strengthen the heart , to promote formation of blood , to help blood to clot or to prevent blood from clotting , to aid respiration , to increase the flow of urine , or selectively to increase or to diminish the amount of some selected component , to prevent conception or to promote fertility , drugs to stimulate the production of hormones or to block their actions , drugs to influence some particular aspect of the metabolism , and so on .
hypertension is but one among many diseases , and progress has been made similarly in developing new drugs for regulating or adapting other parts of the body : drugs to strengthen the heart , to promote formation of blood , to help blood to clot or to prevent blood from clotting , to aid [breathing] , to increase the flow of urine , or selectively to increase or to diminish the amount of some selected component , to prevent conception or to promote fertility , drugs to stimulate the production of hormones or to block their actions , drugs to influence some particular aspect of the metabolism , and so on .

She felt her own breathing slow down to accord with Marcus 's respiration , and she could feel , perhaps even hear , the others also breathing in unison .
she felt her own breathing slow down to accord with marcus 's [breathing] , and she could feel , perhaps even hear , the others also breathing in unison .

Rush 's paper in March 1836 to the Veterinary Medical Society on The Blood Circulation in the Foetus and Adult , and the changes it undergoes during Respiration was challenged by Vines as an unacknowledged copy of his own work .
rush 's paper in march 1836 to the veterinary medical society on the blood circulation in the foetus and adult , and the changes it undergoes during [breathing] was challenged by vines as an unacknowledged copy of his own work .

Opiates affect respiration and temperature , food intake — and now perhaps excretion .
opiates affect [breathing] and temperature , food intake — and now perhaps excretion .

This alludes to the finding that during short bursts of intense activity , an animal , including a human animal , day expend more energy than can immediately be supplied by aerobic respiration ; that is , by using oxygen to ‘ burn ’ sugar .
this alludes to the finding that during short bursts of intense activity , an animal , including a human animal , day expend more energy than can immediately be supplied by aerobic [breathing] ; that is , by using oxygen to ‘ burn ’ sugar .

Instead , the animal may use up much of the ‘ reserve ’ oxygen ( held principally in the muscles , bound to the pigment myoglobin ) ; and , more significantly , it will derive much of the energy it needs by anaerobic respiration , in which sugar is broken down to lactic acid , without the use of oxygen .
instead , the animal may use up much of the ‘ reserve ’ oxygen ( held principally in the muscles , bound to the pigment myoglobin ) ; and , more significantly , it will derive much of the energy it needs by anaerobic [breathing] , in which sugar is broken down to lactic acid , without the use of oxygen .

Such anaerobic respiration is much quicker than aerobic respiration , but also much less efficient in terms of energy produced per unit of fuel .
such anaerobic [breathing] is much quicker than aerobic [breathing] , but also much less efficient in terms of energy produced per unit of fuel .

Some , light in colour , rely heavily upon anaerobic respiration .
some , light in colour , rely heavily upon anaerobic [breathing] .

Others rely more heavily upon aerobic respiration ; they are dark in colour , because they are rich in oxygen-carrying myoglobin and mitochondria .
others rely more heavily upon aerobic [breathing] ; they are dark in colour , because they are rich in oxygen-carrying myoglobin and mitochondria .

Similarly in chronic chest disorders recoil is diminished , and only by using the accessory muscle of respiration is air expelled from the lungs .
similarly in chronic chest disorders recoil is diminished , and only by using the accessory muscle of [breathing] is air expelled from the lungs .

Wheeziness worse ( < ) 3–5 am , better ( > ) leaning forward or by rocking , like Arsenicum ; with rattling in the chest , rattling cough and stitches in the chest with respiration , like Bryonia , or between breaths .
wheeziness worse ( < ) 3–5 am , better ( > ) leaning forward or by rocking , like arsenicum ; with rattling in the chest , rattling cough and stitches in the chest with [breathing] , like bryonia , or between breaths .

Sit without motion , they can not breathe deeply or rapidly because the burning is increased so much by any change in the pattern of respiration .
sit without motion , they can not breathe deeply or rapidly because the burning is increased so much by any change in the pattern of [breathing] .

As the premier biological electron acceptor , molecular oxygen ( O 2 ) serves a vital role in fundamental cellular functions , including the process of aerobic respiration .
as the premier biological electron acceptor , molecular oxygen ( o 2 ) serves a vital role in fundamental cellular functions , including the process of aerobic [breathing] .

Her laboratory reported in December 2002 that inhibiting the respiration of mitochondria in developing worms increased longevity , but that it had no effect in adult worms , for reasons still unexplained , she says .
her laboratory reported in december 2002 that inhibiting the [breathing] of mitochondria in developing worms increased longevity , but that it had no effect in adult worms , for reasons still unexplained , she says .

However , the host metabolism in itself is not different from that of many other animals , the main source of energy being aerobic respiration of carbohydrates .
however , the host metabolism in itself is not different from that of many other animals , the main source of energy being aerobic [breathing] of carbohydrates .

It is potentially even more powerful than a standard polygraph test , he says , because there are thousands of brain regions which can be scanned for deception-triggered variation , versus only three variables—skin conductance , respiration , and blood pressure—used in the standard polygraph .
it is potentially even more powerful than a standard polygraph test , he says , because there are thousands of brain regions which can be scanned for deception-triggered variation , versus only three variables—skin conductance , [breathing] , and blood pressure—used in the standard polygraph .

He even got off a good line about `` no taxation without respiration '' before dissolving into his trademark crooked-grin guffaw .
he even got off a good line about `` no taxation without [breathing] '' before dissolving into his trademark crooked-grin guffaw .

About half of these survivors are brain-damaged , either by lack of oxygen ( from poor initial respiration ) or too much oxygen ( from the ventilator ) .
about half of these survivors are brain-damaged , either by lack of oxygen ( from poor initial [breathing] ) or too much oxygen ( from the ventilator ) .

The column also reports that Rep. Bob Schaffer , a Colorado Republican opposed to the estate tax , describes his position as `` No taxation without respiration . ''
the column also reports that rep. bob schaffer , a colorado republican opposed to the estate tax , describes his position as `` no taxation without [breathing] . ''

In science class I learned the planets , by distance from the sun ( “ M ary V ery E arly M ade J ane S ome U nusually N ice P ies ” -- Mercury , Venus , Earth , Mars , Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus , Neptune , Pluto ) , and the functions of living things ( “ Sensible M otorists R efrain F rom D riving A utomobiles A t E xcessive R ates ” -- sensation , movement , respiration , food-taking , digestion , absorption , assimilation , excretion , reproduction ) .
in science class i learned the planets , by distance from the sun ( “ m ary v ery e arly m ade j ane s ome u nusually n ice p ies ” -- mercury , venus , earth , mars , jupiter , saturn , uranus , neptune , pluto ) , and the functions of living things ( “ sensible m otorists r efrain f rom d riving a utomobiles a t e xcessive r ates ” -- sensation , movement , [breathing] , food-taking , digestion , absorption , assimilation , excretion , reproduction ) .

