In addition to urging greater restrictions on aerial spraying , Buchheister called for support of the Wilderness bill , creation of national seashore parks , including Point Reyes ; ;
in addition to urging greater [limits] on aerial spraying , buchheister called for support of the wilderness bill , creation of national seashore parks , including point reyes ; ;

Among the subjects discussed will be Russian restrictions on poets and writers in the USSR ( Channel 9 at 9:30 ) .
among the subjects discussed will be russian [limits] on poets and writers in the ussr ( channel 9 at 9:30 ) .

The Indians and Pakistanis are chafing under similar restrictions on the British market for similar reasons .
the indians and pakistanis are chafing under similar [limits] on the british market for similar reasons .

The Senator had boxed them in with their own restrictions .
the senator had boxed them in with their own [limits] .

That year , Sweden's Haqvin Malmros showed that the sinking death rate neatly coincided with increasingly severe restrictions on fatty foods .
that year , sweden's haqvin malmros showed that the sinking death rate neatly coincided with increasingly severe [limits] on fatty foods .

How does the local realtor see himself in the context of housing restrictions based on race , religion or ethnic attachment ? ?
how does the local realtor see himself in the context of housing [limits] based on race , religion or ethnic attachment ? ?

Many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have restrictions regarding the age of motor boat operators .
many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have [limits] regarding the age of motor boat operators .

Most entry blanks for competitive events require engine displacement information because of class restrictions .
most entry blanks for competitive events require engine displacement information because of class [limits] .

Flash is allowed , subject to above restrictions .
flash is allowed , subject to above [limits] .

in a remote section there might be no restrictions at all .
in a remote section there might be no [limits] at all .

If there are any major restrictions , they usually can be obtained in printed form .
if there are any major [limits] , they usually can be obtained in printed form .

In the vulnerable areas of the Pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed coasts , or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves .
in the vulnerable areas of the pacific there should be [limits] against building homes on exposed coasts , or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves .

In spite of the company's restrictions , he planned to build new posts in the territory .
in spite of the company's [limits] , he planned to build new posts in the territory .

He disdains external restrictions -- conventional syntax , traditional metre .
he disdains external [limits] -- conventional syntax , traditional metre .

Years ago this was true , but with the replacement of wires or runners by radio and radar ( and perhaps television ) , these restrictions have disappeared and now again too much is heard .
years ago this was true , but with the replacement of wires or runners by radio and radar ( and perhaps television ) , these [limits] have disappeared and now again too much is heard .

Both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's Travel Regulations .
both allowances are governed by conditions and [limits] set forth in detail in the state's travel regulations .

Du Pont , he said , had proposed disenfranchisement of its General Motors stock along with other restrictions on the Du Pont - General Motors relationship .
du pont , he said , had proposed disenfranchisement of its general motors stock along with other [limits] on the du pont - general motors relationship .

Similar restrictions on the strength of the Army National Guard contained in the 1960 Department of Defense Appropriation Act should likewise be dropped .
similar [limits] on the strength of the army national guard contained in the 1960 department of defense appropriation act should likewise be dropped .

Class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) .
class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime [limits] beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) .

The same restrictions apply after local sunset in the case of class 3 , stations operating on regional channels , which after that time are required to operate under nighttime restrictions in order to protect each other .
the same [limits] apply after local sunset in the case of class 3 , stations operating on regional channels , which after that time are required to operate under nighttime [limits] in order to protect each other .

Administrative restrictions necessitated the smaller sample size in the structured schools .
administrative [limits] necessitated the smaller sample size in the structured schools .

Any free elections that were to be held in Poland would have to produce a government in which Moscow had complete confidence , and all pressure from the West for free voting by anti-Soviet elements in Poland would be met by restrictions on voting by these elements .
any free elections that were to be held in poland would have to produce a government in which moscow had complete confidence , and all pressure from the west for free voting by anti-soviet elements in poland would be met by [limits] on voting by these elements .

It is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; ;
it is true that , initially , the task was to remove [limits] that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; ;

Additional restrictions regarding the use of continuation cards with macro-instructions appear on page 106 .
additional [limits] regarding the use of continuation cards with macro-instructions appear on page 106 .

In practical situations there will be restrictions on the admissible operating conditions , and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set S .
in practical situations there will be [limits] on the admissible operating conditions , and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set s .

Therefore to Helva , the problem that she couldn't open her mouth to sing , among other restrictions , did not bother her .
therefore to helva , the problem that she couldn't open her mouth to sing , among other [limits] , did not bother her .

The owners were first given permission to quarry the area just after the second world war — with no legal restrictions on their activity .
the owners were first given permission to quarry the area just after the second world war — with no legal [limits] on their activity .

But the judge granted a licence after hearing that this year there would be stricter security , and tougher restrictions on the type of music played .
but the judge granted a licence after hearing that this year there would be stricter security , and tougher [limits] on the type of music played .

She says that she 's not confident the organisers will adhere to the restrictions .
she says that she 's not confident the organisers will adhere to the [limits] .

Not all were satisfied that the last minute restrictions were necessary .
not all were satisfied that the last minute [limits] were necessary .

English winegrowers are about to harvest a record crop of grapes — but it could lead to them facing new restrictions on production in the future .
english winegrowers are about to harvest a record crop of grapes — but it could lead to them facing new [limits] on production in the future .

Their candidate Jim D'Avila blames Government spending restrictions for the problems faced by Swindon .
their candidate jim d'avila blames government spending [limits] for the problems faced by swindon .

Brussels wants our lorries to slow down to European limits and our own law-makers plan restrictions that vary with the size of the truck .
brussels wants our lorries to slow down to european limits and our own law-makers plan [limits] that vary with the size of the truck .

With frontier restrictions coming down all over Europe in 1992 , they fear the sort of epidemic that has been sweeping the rest of the continent .
with frontier [limits] coming down all over europe in 1992 , they fear the sort of epidemic that has been sweeping the rest of the continent .

Government restrictions on the way local authorities spend their housing budgets mean the council will no longer be able to build sites like this .
government [limits] on the way local authorities spend their housing budgets mean the council will no longer be able to build sites like this .

Definitely not , there 's nothing you can do , no there is nothing you can do , and the restrictions on the
definitely not , there 's nothing you can do , no there is nothing you can do , and the [limits] on the

Mainly because of the restrictions on .
mainly because of the [limits] on .

Derick Wilson , the Labour councillor who lobbied fellow members to reject the licencing restrictions , claims that they would badly damage Edinburgh 's tourism image .
derick wilson , the labour councillor who lobbied fellow members to reject the licencing [limits] , claims that they would badly damage edinburgh 's tourism image .

He said Government restrictions meant that at least half the councils in Scotland would not be able to increase their spending by more than 2.25 per cent .
he said government [limits] meant that at least half the councils in scotland would not be able to increase their spending by more than 2.25 per cent .

The council 's Labour administration is expected to comply with the capping restrictions .
the council 's labour administration is expected to comply with the capping [limits] .

The council 's Labour administration is expected to comply with the capping restrictions .
the council 's labour administration is expected to comply with the capping [limits] .

Lord Cullen , who had imposed restrictions on the reporting of many allegations made in the case , decided in light of the undertaking to refuse to ban the meeting .
lord cullen , who had imposed [limits] on the reporting of many allegations made in the case , decided in light of the undertaking to refuse to ban the meeting .

Reporting restrictions were not lifted and the magistrates made an order preventing publication of the boys ' names or anything which could identify them .
reporting [limits] were not lifted and the magistrates made an order preventing publication of the boys ' names or anything which could identify them .

Track renewals are also becoming overdue , with a succession of speed restrictions because of the condition of parts of the line .
track renewals are also becoming overdue , with a succession of speed [limits] because of the condition of parts of the line .

That , Mr Seymour told the inquiry , he rejected as a general rule because it would have placed ‘ unreasonable restrictions ’ on the railway .
that , mr seymour told the inquiry , he rejected as a general rule because it would have placed ‘ unreasonable [limits] ’ on the railway .

Last year the company lost £30,000 worth of fish bound for the Spanish market when the consignment was blocked for three days outside Toulouse by French lorry drivers protesting about restrictions on the hours they could drive .
last year the company lost £30,000 worth of fish bound for the spanish market when the consignment was blocked for three days outside toulouse by french lorry drivers protesting about [limits] on the hours they could drive .

The details of the restrictions were announced yesterday and included the traffic separation scheme around Fair Isle .
the details of the [limits] were announced yesterday and included the traffic separation scheme around fair isle .

The other recommendations on navigation include restrictions on laden tankers in the Pentland Firth not bound to or from Flotta and Scapa Flow .
the other recommendations on navigation include [limits] on laden tankers in the pentland firth not bound to or from flotta and scapa flow .

Neil Davidson , counsel for the Deans , said they denied allegations levelled at them by the shareholders , many of which can not be reported because of restrictions imposed by Lord Cullen .
neil davidson , counsel for the deans , said they denied allegations levelled at them by the shareholders , many of which can not be reported because of [limits] imposed by lord cullen .

The difference in fares relates to restrictions on booking and travel times , but all business class travellers will receive the same standard of service whatever price ticket they buy .
the difference in fares relates to [limits] on booking and travel times , but all business class travellers will receive the same standard of service whatever price ticket they buy .

The Home Office yesterday lifted restrictions on growing hemp , a member of the Cannabis Sativa family , and a source of fibre for the manufacture of rope , paper , linen , lace and twine .
the home office yesterday lifted [limits] on growing hemp , a member of the cannabis sativa family , and a source of fibre for the manufacture of rope , paper , linen , lace and twine .

Although the codes ( still voluntary ) have since been improved , the preface to them all still acknowledges that ‘ nearly all livestock husbandry systems impose restrictions on the stock and some of these can cause an unacceptable degree of discomfort or distress by preventing the animals from fulfilling their basic needs . ’
although the codes ( still voluntary ) have since been improved , the preface to them all still acknowledges that ‘ nearly all livestock husbandry systems impose [limits] on the stock and some of these can cause an unacceptable degree of discomfort or distress by preventing the animals from fulfilling their basic needs . ’

Ross Chisholm , head of local planning and transport , said officers had been studying the effect of the traffic restrictions since they were introduced .
ross chisholm , head of local planning and transport , said officers had been studying the effect of the traffic [limits] since they were introduced .

Coun Philip Stamford Bewlay ( Con ) said speeding motorists are ignoring 30mph restrictions in several parts of the town .
coun philip stamford bewlay ( con ) said speeding motorists are ignoring 30mph [limits] in several parts of the town .

‘ There would be some money available with National Park status but far more restrictions .
‘ there would be some money available with national park status but far more [limits] .

Darlington 's Bishop College of Beauty has been told that because of budget restrictions its training contract is not to be renewed from next month .
darlington 's bishop college of beauty has been told that because of budget [limits] its training contract is not to be renewed from next month .

But Conservative councillor Tony Richmond said Labour had increased committee spending by twice the rate of inflation in this year 's budget by using balances and he disputed the claim Government restrictions were hampering service improvements .
but conservative councillor tony richmond said labour had increased committee spending by twice the rate of inflation in this year 's budget by using balances and he disputed the claim government [limits] were hampering service improvements .

Previous requests have been turned down as the Transport Department felt the road did not meet criteria for imposing speed restrictions .
previous requests have been turned down as the transport department felt the road did not meet criteria for imposing speed [limits] .

Trevor Drury , head of Hurworth junior and infant school , has asked for waiting restrictions to be introduced opposite the school entrance .
trevor drury , head of hurworth junior and infant school , has asked for waiting [limits] to be introduced opposite the school entrance .

Eileen Plant , who patrols outside Hurworth junior and infant school , fears there could be accidents along Roundhill Road unless some sort of parking restrictions are introduced .
eileen plant , who patrols outside hurworth junior and infant school , fears there could be accidents along roundhill road unless some sort of parking [limits] are introduced .

Scottish fishermen 's representatives are opposing an all-out ban and are calling for a series of restrictions on imports until there is a balanced supply at the markets .
scottish fishermen 's representatives are opposing an all-out ban and are calling for a series of [limits] on imports until there is a balanced supply at the markets .

The policy review sparked by controversy over British Coal 's original pit closure plans will be greeted with relief by offshore oil and gas companies that feared thousands of jobs , many of them in Scotland , could be hit by any restrictions placed on using gas in power stations .
the policy review sparked by controversy over british coal 's original pit closure plans will be greeted with relief by offshore oil and gas companies that feared thousands of jobs , many of them in scotland , could be hit by any [limits] placed on using gas in power stations .

However , Coun. Mrs Town said the time restrictions would seriously hamper disabled people who often had to wait for lifts into town .
however , coun. mrs town said the time [limits] would seriously hamper disabled people who often had to wait for lifts into town .

‘ It seems particularly stupid to ban the disabled and not put any restrictions on cyclists .
‘ it seems particularly stupid to ban the disabled and not put any [limits] on cyclists .

But yesterday Norman Bainbridge , of Cleveland Avenue , said students regularly ignored restrictions and parked on both sides of the roads around the college , causing havoc for motorists and blocking driveways .
but yesterday norman bainbridge , of cleveland avenue , said students regularly ignored [limits] and parked on both sides of the roads around the college , causing havoc for motorists and blocking driveways .

Andrew Guest , of United , said the proposals for speed restrictions would mean buses travelling over 50 speed humps on a half hour round trip .
andrew guest , of united , said the proposals for speed [limits] would mean buses travelling over 50 speed humps on a half hour round trip .

He said Durham and Darlington councils had not properly consulted the bus companies about speed restrictions and had failed to consider all the alternatives .
he said durham and darlington councils had not properly consulted the bus companies about speed [limits] and had failed to consider all the alternatives .

There are , after all , other restrictions and dangers , such as steep hills , which do not require the whole length of a road to be daubed in paint .
there are , after all , other [limits] and dangers , such as steep hills , which do not require the whole length of a road to be daubed in paint .

Both United and Darlington Transport Company have said the suggestions for speed restrictions on the estate could make the bus service uncomfortable and uneconomical with journey times increasing .
both united and darlington transport company have said the suggestions for speed [limits] on the estate could make the bus service uncomfortable and uneconomical with journey times increasing .

She said neither company had bothered to attend a public meeting about the proposed speed restrictions .
she said neither company had bothered to attend a public meeting about the proposed speed [limits] .

The companies are concerned about planned speed restrictions on Skerne Park through ‘ sleeping policeman ’ type humps in the road , saying they could make journeys slower , uncomfortable and uneconomical .
the companies are concerned about planned speed [limits] on skerne park through ‘ sleeping policeman ’ type humps in the road , saying they could make journeys slower , uncomfortable and uneconomical .

The emergency services have said while the restrictions will make their response time slightly slower the humps will not stop them from carrying out their duties .
the emergency services have said while the [limits] will make their response time slightly slower the humps will not stop them from carrying out their duties .

Coun Skinner said : ‘ We thought everything had been resolved but this could mean we have to discuss the speed restrictions again . ’
coun skinner said : ‘ we thought everything had been resolved but this could mean we have to discuss the speed [limits] again . ’

Bethany Megan Robinson , of Arkle Crescent , in Skerne Park , said the people on the estate need buses which drive carefully and restrictions were crucial .
bethany megan robinson , of arkle crescent , in skerne park , said the people on the estate need buses which drive carefully and [limits] were crucial .

Labour councillors have already pointed out that spending restrictions imposed by the Government will mean crucial services could be cut back .
labour councillors have already pointed out that spending [limits] imposed by the government will mean crucial services could be cut back .

This situation has arisen because restrictions were not introduced years ago when , using a great deal of public money , the industry was encouraged to expand without control .
this situation has arisen because [limits] were not introduced years ago when , using a great deal of public money , the industry was encouraged to expand without control .

There are no restrictions on attendance , except for voting rights at the general meeting .
there are no [limits] on attendance , except for voting rights at the general meeting .

Members of the Gospel Outreach Centre , Clifton Road , say they were forced to shut down after Darlington council laid down strict planning restrictions .
members of the gospel outreach centre , clifton road , say they were forced to shut down after darlington council laid down strict planning [limits] .

Church member Philip Rowe said : ‘ We closed because of all the council restrictions on us .
church member philip rowe said : ‘ we closed because of all the council [limits] on us .

‘ We closed because of all the council restrictions on us , ’ said Mr Philip Rowe , a worshipper .
‘ we closed because of all the council [limits] on us , ’ said mr philip rowe , a worshipper .

There are no such restrictions on television and records .
there are no such [limits] on television and records .

Royal Ascot would otherwise not be able to go ahead next Tuesday unless huge crowd restrictions were introduced .
royal ascot would otherwise not be able to go ahead next tuesday unless huge crowd [limits] were introduced .

Dunbar Link at junction York Street — lane restrictions .
dunbar link at junction york street — lane [limits] .

Frederick Street — lane restrictions .
frederick street — lane [limits] .

Upper Newtownards Road from junction with Cherryhill Road to junction Robbs Road , Dundonald — Lane restrictions , major delays expected .
upper newtownards road from junction with cherryhill road to junction robbs road , dundonald — lane [limits] , major delays expected .

An explanation of the principles of Callanetics , with discussion on the benefits and possible restrictions of the programme , followed by a practical session for direct personal experience ( one hour ) and rounded off with questions and , hopefully , answers .
an explanation of the principles of callanetics , with discussion on the benefits and possible [limits] of the programme , followed by a practical session for direct personal experience ( one hour ) and rounded off with questions and , hopefully , answers .

The way to live a fulfilling and authentic life , Forster implied , was to go abroad , leaving behind the petty restrictions of British society .
the way to live a fulfilling and authentic life , forster implied , was to go abroad , leaving behind the petty [limits] of british society .

The jackal de Guichet , they said , was bad enough , but there were limits to his powers ; but the old lion acknowledged no restrictions within his own honour , his rule was as absolute as plague .
the jackal de guichet , they said , was bad enough , but there were limits to his powers ; but the old lion acknowledged no [limits] within his own honour , his rule was as absolute as plague .

Several factors encouraged the growth of unit trusts in the 1980s : the abolition of restrictions on unit trust charges and the abolition of exchange controls , both in 1979 .
several factors encouraged the growth of unit trusts in the 1980s : the abolition of [limits] on unit trust charges and the abolition of exchange controls , both in 1979 .

Some of the rise in import penetration would undoubtedly have occurred anyway , especially in the fifties when non-tariff restrictions were dismantled and firms took advantage of falling transport costs and rapid growth of demand to break into new markets .
some of the rise in import penetration would undoubtedly have occurred anyway , especially in the fifties when non-tariff [limits] were dismantled and firms took advantage of falling transport costs and rapid growth of demand to break into new markets .

Reporting restrictions were lifted after an appeal by Ashworth 's solicitor , Colette Crowley , for witnesses to come forward .
reporting [limits] were lifted after an appeal by ashworth 's solicitor , colette crowley , for witnesses to come forward .

Ashworth 's solicitor successfully applied for reporting restrictions to be lifted .
ashworth 's solicitor successfully applied for reporting [limits] to be lifted .

Reporting restrictions were not lifted and an order was made banning identification of the boy .
reporting [limits] were not lifted and an order was made banning identification of the boy .

But as shopping habits changed many traders shut up shop and moved out blaming recession , traffic restrictions and fewer bus routes .
but as shopping habits changed many traders shut up shop and moved out blaming recession , traffic [limits] and fewer bus routes .

Coun Bob Brady , the council 's housing committee chairman , said : ‘ Financial restrictions have prevented us from building council houses for some time .
coun bob brady , the council 's housing committee chairman , said : ‘ financial [limits] have prevented us from building council houses for some time .

Council leader Michael Carr said government restrictions had forced it to freeze the amount it gives to the bus companies .
council leader michael carr said government [limits] had forced it to freeze the amount it gives to the bus companies .

Teesside magistrates also lifted reporting restrictions in the case .
teesside magistrates also lifted reporting [limits] in the case .

Reporting restrictions were not lifted .
reporting [limits] were not lifted .

Instead of crying over the restrictions that are being ( thank goodness ) imposed , maybe they should take a good hard look at themselves and clean up their act , using aids like ‘ poop scoops ’ and long controlling leads .
instead of crying over the [limits] that are being ( thank goodness ) imposed , maybe they should take a good hard look at themselves and clean up their act , using aids like ‘ poop scoops ’ and long controlling leads .

Bell has backed a House of Commons motion deploring the restrictions over live coverage .
bell has backed a house of commons motion deploring the [limits] over live coverage .

Because of the restrictions placed on the scheme by the Government only 101 of the 550 are to get relief , even although some of those refused are severely disabled .
because of the [limits] placed on the scheme by the government only 101 of the 550 are to get relief , even although some of those refused are severely disabled .

Hundreds of victims of crime could miss out on vital counselling , because of restrictions on the use of computer information .
hundreds of victims of crime could miss out on vital counselling , because of [limits] on the use of computer information .

The Home Office says it 's for illegal entrants to this country who 've been judged unlikely to comply with voluntary restrictions .
the home office says it 's for illegal entrants to this country who 've been judged unlikely to comply with voluntary [limits] .

Now 's also the time to warn your remover about any parking restrictions at either end of the journey — he may need to liaise with the police .
now 's also the time to warn your remover about any parking [limits] at either end of the journey — he may need to liaise with the police .

He was stunned to find that visa restrictions just introduced by the British threatened the baby 's life .
he was stunned to find that visa [limits] just introduced by the british threatened the baby 's life .

Gerald Smith said the visa restrictions would be lifted and was on the phone to a woman in the United States to tell her how her $ 500 gift would be spent .
gerald smith said the visa [limits] would be lifted and was on the phone to a woman in the united states to tell her how her $ 500 gift would be spent .

But despite these restrictions , there are still successes .
but despite these [limits] , there are still successes .

The defence industry 's not the only victim of the peace dividend and spending restrictions .
the defence industry 's not the only victim of the peace dividend and spending [limits] .

But food products and balls of bubblegum like this are n't subject to the same restrictions .
but food products and balls of bubblegum like this are n't subject to the same [limits] .

People whom the Home Office has described as illegal immigrants unlikely to comply with voluntary restrictions will have the centre explained to them on video when they arrive .
people whom the home office has described as illegal immigrants unlikely to comply with voluntary [limits] will have the centre explained to them on video when they arrive .

Credit restrictions are a good idea because people are in a lot of debt .
credit [limits] are a good idea because people are in a lot of debt .

Most claim the restrictions have actually caused traffic using the roads to speed up .
most claim the [limits] have actually caused traffic using the roads to speed up .

in and out of Kuwait they never have to their only restrictions at any time , never , even if Kuwait had a financial crisis because of the crash of its stock market one expected that people might move their capital outside the country because of it , but there was no restrictions , no control , everybody was free , you could walk in and out of the country
in and out of kuwait they never have to their only [limits] at any time , never , even if kuwait had a financial crisis because of the crash of its stock market one expected that people might move their capital outside the country because of it , but there was no [limits] , no control , everybody was free , you could walk in and out of the country

And so with most immigration restrictions now lifted , the Jews are fleeing .
and so with most immigration [limits] now lifted , the jews are fleeing .

There are new oil fields off the American west coast , but environmental restrictions have made exploration and development almost impossible .
there are new oil fields off the american west coast , but environmental [limits] have made exploration and development almost impossible .

Well they 're getting stricter all the time and the big danger is , of course , that the restrictions are too strict .
well they 're getting stricter all the time and the big danger is , of course , that the [limits] are too strict .

You stop the discovery of new medicines and treatments for heart disease , for cancer , for things like multiple sclerosis and Parkinson 's Diseases — the diseases for which we do n't yet have treatments — that you slow down progress too much if you get too many restrictions .
you stop the discovery of new medicines and treatments for heart disease , for cancer , for things like multiple sclerosis and parkinson 's diseases — the diseases for which we do n't yet have treatments — that you slow down progress too much if you get too many [limits] .

Good thing there were no restrictions at Cheltenham race-course because today all roads have led to the race-course .
good thing there were no [limits] at cheltenham race-course because today all roads have led to the race-course .

With the prospect of increased trade after the lifting of common market restrictions in 1992 , combined with labour shortages at home , British employers are having to re-assess their attitude to women with children .
with the prospect of increased trade after the lifting of common market [limits] in 1992 , combined with labour shortages at home , british employers are having to re-assess their attitude to women with children .

For the defendant it means a life without the restrictions and overcrowding of prison , where the only contact with the family is at visiting times .
for the defendant it means a life without the [limits] and overcrowding of prison , where the only contact with the family is at visiting times .

Restrictions on the use of paper and printing ink resulted in canned goods carrying only half-labels .
[limits] on the use of paper and printing ink resulted in canned goods carrying only half-labels .

Before the war , foods such as butter and cheese were given two layers of wrappers by the counter hand , but this was reduced to one under the restrictions .
before the war , foods such as butter and cheese were given two layers of wrappers by the counter hand , but this was reduced to one under the [limits] .

to worry unduly about the skills of communication or the restrictions on picketing flowing from decisions of the courts as well as statute in the event of a major dispute .
to worry unduly about the skills of communication or the [limits] on picketing flowing from decisions of the courts as well as statute in the event of a major dispute .

However , as a study into a hitherto relatively unexplored area of commercial activity it is highly recommended to those involved in the sale of goods vehicles , in international — and domestic ( as restrictions on cabotage are removed ! )
however , as a study into a hitherto relatively unexplored area of commercial activity it is highly recommended to those involved in the sale of goods vehicles , in international — and domestic ( as [limits] on cabotage are removed ! )

Neil Cobley , defending Jenkins , and David Watson , defending Aley , successfully appealed for reporting restrictions to be lifted to encourage defence witnesses to come forward .
neil cobley , defending jenkins , and david watson , defending aley , successfully appealed for reporting [limits] to be lifted to encourage defence witnesses to come forward .

Neil Cobley , defending Jenkins , and David Watson , defending Aley , appealed for reporting restrictions to be lifted so defence witnesses could come forward .
neil cobley , defending jenkins , and david watson , defending aley , appealed for reporting [limits] to be lifted so defence witnesses could come forward .

Reporting restrictions on the girl 's identity would remain in force .
reporting [limits] on the girl 's identity would remain in force .

The easing of restrictions which hindered competition between firms dealing in securities on the Stock Exchange .
the easing of [limits] which hindered competition between firms dealing in securities on the stock exchange .

The relaxation of restrictions on competition between banks and building societies .
the relaxation of [limits] on competition between banks and building societies .

There could be links with historic discharges found in estuary sediments , which could mean restrictions on fishing in certain areas or even on fish consumption .
there could be links with historic discharges found in estuary sediments , which could mean [limits] on fishing in certain areas or even on fish consumption .

Removal of petty restrictions has also made life easier .
removal of petty [limits] has also made life easier .

Recently , the giving of business gifts has declined , as employers have placed restrictions upon what their employees may receive , and the Institute of Purchasing and Supply has published a ‘ blacklist ’ of companies operating what they consider to be gift schemes over and above items of nominal value .
recently , the giving of business gifts has declined , as employers have placed [limits] upon what their employees may receive , and the institute of purchasing and supply has published a ‘ blacklist ’ of companies operating what they consider to be gift schemes over and above items of nominal value .

by 1969 ) all restrictions on the free movement of goods and services and individuals by removing taxation differentials , frontier controls and other forms of restriction .
by 1969 ) all [limits] on the free movement of goods and services and individuals by removing taxation differentials , frontier controls and other forms of restriction .

restrictions on the movement of capital will be abolished ;
[limits] on the movement of capital will be abolished ;

and its restrictions you know for religious interested
and its [limits] you know for religious interested

jacket . Mind you , is n't there some restrictions on what you can do with fridges ?
jacket . mind you , is n't there some [limits] on what you can do with fridges ?

In Egypt , Lords Cromer and Milner , enthroned in marble halls and surrounded by British soldiers , thought of themselves as playing , with the utmost discretion , an exceptionally difficult lone hand ; they delighted in the formal restrictions placed on British power , though everyone in Egypt knew them to be of no practical consequence .
in egypt , lords cromer and milner , enthroned in marble halls and surrounded by british soldiers , thought of themselves as playing , with the utmost discretion , an exceptionally difficult lone hand ; they delighted in the formal [limits] placed on british power , though everyone in egypt knew them to be of no practical consequence .

In Irwin 's version , all the ministries would nominally be treated alike , with no official restrictions on those which Indians might occupy , ‘ but the Government [ would ] be instructed beforehand to take care that certain Departments — e.g .
in irwin 's version , all the ministries would nominally be treated alike , with no official [limits] on those which indians might occupy , ‘ but the government [ would ] be instructed beforehand to take care that certain departments — e.g .

British law already places strong restrictions on pornography .
british law already places strong [limits] on pornography .

Already there are restrictions on the importation of hard corals from many countries and other invertebrates such as tridacnid clams are not ranked as an endangered species and banned from importation .
already there are [limits] on the importation of hard corals from many countries and other invertebrates such as tridacnid clams are not ranked as an endangered species and banned from importation .

Hahnemann therefore had to move frequently as restrictions on his practice were imposed in one town after another , but despite this he lectured for a time on homoeopathy in the University of Leipzig and he had a large band of influential patrons and supporters as well as a number of able and gifted pupils .
hahnemann therefore had to move frequently as [limits] on his practice were imposed in one town after another , but despite this he lectured for a time on homoeopathy in the university of leipzig and he had a large band of influential patrons and supporters as well as a number of able and gifted pupils .

The organisers responded to the possible lifting of sporting restrictions on South Africa by reserving a place in the 24-team line-up when invitations were sent out in June this year .
the organisers responded to the possible lifting of sporting [limits] on south africa by reserving a place in the 24-team line-up when invitations were sent out in june this year .

That 's when the contractual restrictions are lifted from those involved on that traumatic day when the ball was mysteriously changed at lunch .
that 's when the contractual [limits] are lifted from those involved on that traumatic day when the ball was mysteriously changed at lunch .

The crêche may be located some distance away from where you will be working , and some have restrictions as to how far away you are allowed to be from your child in case you need to be contacted .
the crêche may be located some distance away from where you will be working , and some have [limits] as to how far away you are allowed to be from your child in case you need to be contacted .

Where nothing is forthcoming for a word position , shape and length could be used along with higher level information to select potential words ; where some characters are suggested these could be used in addition to this information ; if only one or two letter positions in a word have no candidates , shape information could be used to select letter candidates , along with the restrictions provided by the adjacent letters .
where nothing is forthcoming for a word position , shape and length could be used along with higher level information to select potential words ; where some characters are suggested these could be used in addition to this information ; if only one or two letter positions in a word have no candidates , shape information could be used to select letter candidates , along with the [limits] provided by the adjacent letters .

Form filling applications can give this kind of information accurately , for example where an address or a telephone number is expected , so the restrictions put on allowable strings are even greater .
form filling applications can give this kind of information accurately , for example where an address or a telephone number is expected , so the [limits] put on allowable strings are even greater .

Existing operations may have outgrown space available in the old location and it may be impossible , owing to planning restrictions or the space actually available , to expand .
existing operations may have outgrown space available in the old location and it may be impossible , owing to planning [limits] or the space actually available , to expand .

However , the costs of building and of providing the necessary infrastructure together with planning restrictions meant that it was less than ideal .
however , the costs of building and of providing the necessary infrastructure together with planning [limits] meant that it was less than ideal .

The session should provide information on any restrictions placed on women including whether they are free to travel as they please and allowed to work .
the session should provide information on any [limits] placed on women including whether they are free to travel as they please and allowed to work .

It took almost twenty years to launch a new attempt to embody in formal texts some of humanity 's yearnings for effective restrictions on war .
it took almost twenty years to launch a new attempt to embody in formal texts some of humanity 's yearnings for effective [limits] on war .

Moreover , ever since the failure of attempts to include restrictions on retaliation or reprisals in the Brussels Code of 1874 , there has been no explicit prohibition of reprisals in the codes of the laws of war .
moreover , ever since the failure of attempts to include [limits] on retaliation or reprisals in the brussels code of 1874 , there has been no explicit prohibition of reprisals in the codes of the laws of war .

Similarly , the law of arms control and disarmament may impose substantial restrictions on the conduct of armed conflict .
similarly , the law of arms control and disarmament may impose substantial [limits] on the conduct of armed conflict .

The record is by no means all negative , and many restrictions placed on the use of nuclear weapons are of considerable importance .
the record is by no means all negative , and many [limits] placed on the use of nuclear weapons are of considerable importance .

However , it can not be said that the laws-of-war approach has resulted in clear and unambiguous agreement either among writers or among countries as to the precise restrictions to be placed on nuclear weapons use .
however , it can not be said that the laws-of-war approach has resulted in clear and unambiguous agreement either among writers or among countries as to the precise [limits] to be placed on nuclear weapons use .

They should not entirely supplant from political discourse and practical consideration the separate question of restrictions on the use ( as distinct from possession ) of nuclear weapons .
they should not entirely supplant from political discourse and practical consideration the separate question of [limits] on the use ( as distinct from possession ) of nuclear weapons .

First , the nuclear states have got away too easily with only very limited restrictions on the vast destructive power in their hands , and with declaratory strategic doctrines which would be genocidal in their effect if implemented .
first , the nuclear states have got away too easily with only very limited [limits] on the vast destructive power in their hands , and with declaratory strategic doctrines which would be genocidal in their effect if implemented .

This may be seen as a move to make international law into proper law , or at least international law with one of its essential purposes , the control of force , and , of course , there have long been laws to restrict the type and degree of force used even in legitimate war , and some restrictions on the very legality of wars , for instance when they are in contravention of treaties .
this may be seen as a move to make international law into proper law , or at least international law with one of its essential purposes , the control of force , and , of course , there have long been laws to restrict the type and degree of force used even in legitimate war , and some [limits] on the very legality of wars , for instance when they are in contravention of treaties .

Restrictions would not take place until a process of consultation with representative of various relevant bodies — including animal welfare groups — had taken place .
[limits] would not take place until a process of consultation with representative of various relevant bodies — including animal welfare groups — had taken place .

Any further restrictions would require the specific approval of Parliament through an affirmative resolution .
any further [limits] would require the specific approval of parliament through an affirmative resolution .

These can include : inadequate parish penetration ; growth philosophy , new housing opportunity , physical restrictions at the mother church and in some cases the bishop 's initiative , as the chart on page 62 shows .
these can include : inadequate parish penetration ; growth philosophy , new housing opportunity , physical [limits] at the mother church and in some cases the bishop 's initiative , as the chart on page 62 shows .

Our second and fourth sprang from physical restrictions at the mother church and from church growth philosophy .
our second and fourth sprang from physical [limits] at the mother church and from church growth philosophy .

Residents appreciated the low traffic volume and near absence of through-traffic and a majority of them was in complete agreement over the restrictions on cars .
residents appreciated the low traffic volume and near absence of through-traffic and a majority of them was in complete agreement over the [limits] on cars .

The application of these ideas to established urban areas has been obstructed both by public expenditure restrictions and by community opposition to new road construction .
the application of these ideas to established urban areas has been obstructed both by public expenditure [limits] and by community opposition to new road construction .

And despite his conventional , always neat , lounge-suited appearance — even in his later , difficult years — he did n't like too many rules or restrictions .
and despite his conventional , always neat , lounge-suited appearance — even in his later , difficult years — he did n't like too many rules or [limits] .

This maybe , in many instances , because the stress engendered by handicap is additional to many other social stresses such as restrictions on social and family life , poor physical health and marital or economic difficulties .
this maybe , in many instances , because the stress engendered by handicap is additional to many other social stresses such as [limits] on social and family life , poor physical health and marital or economic difficulties .

Regulation of portfolio investment would appear to have been much more effective in the light of the surge in it following the removal of restrictions in 1979 .
regulation of portfolio investment would appear to have been much more effective in the light of the surge in it following the removal of [limits] in 1979 .

Until the float of sterling in 1972 there were no strong restrictions on investment within the sterling area .
until the float of sterling in 1972 there were no strong [limits] on investment within the sterling area .

Restrictions on external dealings have been a recurrent prescription for the cure of British economic ills .
[limits] on external dealings have been a recurrent prescription for the cure of british economic ills .

The return to ‘ free markets ’ by 1955 is generally viewed as permissive in the sense that it resulted from the removal of the remainder of war and postwar restrictions .
the return to ‘ free markets ’ by 1955 is generally viewed as permissive in the sense that it resulted from the removal of the remainder of war and postwar [limits] .

From these goals three areas for enhancement were specified : new directives — structured comments that download commands to the compiler ; new constructs — a definition for operations that can affect the way a program is interpreted ; and language restrictions , which limit the use of sequence and storage association to avoid conflicts with distributed data .
from these goals three areas for enhancement were specified : new directives — structured comments that download commands to the compiler ; new constructs — a definition for operations that can affect the way a program is interpreted ; and language [limits] , which limit the use of sequence and storage association to avoid conflicts with distributed data .

Regular transmission , in defiance of government restrictions , are due to begin in September .
regular transmission , in defiance of government [limits] , are due to begin in september .

Mr Burns is supporting the Bill and , as one of the MPs involved in its detailed consideration at the committee stage , has opposed a number of amendments which would remove proposed restrictions .
mr burns is supporting the bill and , as one of the mps involved in its detailed consideration at the committee stage , has opposed a number of amendments which would remove proposed [limits] .

But the proposed restrictions on the type and number of powered aircraft , flightpaths and hours of operation have already been dismissed as ‘ not strict enough ’ by a leading protester .
but the proposed [limits] on the type and number of powered aircraft , flightpaths and hours of operation have already been dismissed as ‘ not strict enough ’ by a leading protester .

Suddenly , they both jumped up , pulled off their remaining cotton restrictions and plunged straight into the water .
suddenly , they both jumped up , pulled off their remaining cotton [limits] and plunged straight into the water .

These restrictions are also taking the fire out of budget debates .
these [limits] are also taking the fire out of budget debates .

Pinpointing the restrictions
pinpointing the [limits]

The interesting question is , under today 's restrictions , just how many of America 's great leaders of the past would still have made it to the White House .
the interesting question is , under today 's [limits] , just how many of america 's great leaders of the past would still have made it to the white house .

Maybe there can be some real debate now on the way ahead for socialism , without the restrictions that the authoritarian rule of Kinnock and Hattersley imposed .
maybe there can be some real debate now on the way ahead for socialism , without the [limits] that the authoritarian rule of kinnock and hattersley imposed .

Before you can begin to design a single building you have to consider the shape of the site , its ground conditions , its relations with its neighbours , the character of its nearby historic buildings , vehicle access , height restrictions , the means of escape in case of fire , disabled access , rubbish disposal and costs .
before you can begin to design a single building you have to consider the shape of the site , its ground conditions , its relations with its neighbours , the character of its nearby historic buildings , vehicle access , height [limits] , the means of escape in case of fire , disabled access , rubbish disposal and costs .

‘ There were so many tensions in The Bangles , in the sense of so many artistic restrictions to make things right politically .
‘ there were so many tensions in the bangles , in the sense of so many artistic [limits] to make things right politically .

French restrictions on an African press were lifted after the Second World War , and between 1945 and independence in 1960 thirty-six newspapers emerged and disappeared in Abidjan alone .
french [limits] on an african press were lifted after the second world war , and between 1945 and independence in 1960 thirty-six newspapers emerged and disappeared in abidjan alone .

First the system which develops on the basis of the covenant includes inter alia a complex set of property rights , income transfer mechanisms , and restrictions on the capital and labour markets , in addition to a set of values and prescriptions which prove a rigorous test of motives .
first the system which develops on the basis of the covenant includes inter alia a complex set of property rights , income transfer mechanisms , and [limits] on the capital and labour markets , in addition to a set of values and prescriptions which prove a rigorous test of motives .

The accumulation of wealth would be also prevented by other restrictions ; once the Sabbatical year has arrived there is no moral responsibility to repay the loan .
the accumulation of wealth would be also prevented by other [limits] ; once the sabbatical year has arrived there is no moral responsibility to repay the loan .

The economic system of the Old Testament is by modern standards a curious mixture : a strong emphasis on private property rights circumscribed by certain laws ; a simple welfare system and income redistribution mechanisms , some fiscal , others not ; and restrictions on the accumulation of capital .
the economic system of the old testament is by modern standards a curious mixture : a strong emphasis on private property rights circumscribed by certain laws ; a simple welfare system and income redistribution mechanisms , some fiscal , others not ; and [limits] on the accumulation of capital .

Some Christians have called for representation of workers on the board of directors , joint decision-making at all levels within the company , the break-up of oligopolies , a restriction on the number of directorships any one person can hold ( the suggested number is three ) and restrictions on the directors of financial corporations holding directorships in non-financial corporations , and vice versa .
some christians have called for representation of workers on the board of directors , joint decision-making at all levels within the company , the break-up of oligopolies , a restriction on the number of directorships any one person can hold ( the suggested number is three ) and [limits] on the directors of financial corporations holding directorships in non-financial corporations , and vice versa .

restrictions on future employment : should there be a term restricting the employee 's future choice of jobs ( for instance , if he knows trade secrets or lists of customers ) ? Such a clause needs very careful drafting .
[limits] on future employment : should there be a term restricting the employee 's future choice of jobs ( for instance , if he knows trade secrets or lists of customers ) ? such a clause needs very careful drafting .

Lack of space for development due to town centre locations , building restrictions , etc .
lack of space for development due to town centre locations , building [limits] , etc .

In Rutland at least demand for wage labour was curtailed by restrictions on com growing imposed by the lack of means of shipment , as in Leicestershire , where labourers seem to have been even thinner on the ground ; much effort went into stock rearing , many farmers kept above-average flocks of sheep , and there was abundant fatting pasture in the Vale of Catmose .
in rutland at least demand for wage labour was curtailed by [limits] on com growing imposed by the lack of means of shipment , as in leicestershire , where labourers seem to have been even thinner on the ground ; much effort went into stock rearing , many farmers kept above-average flocks of sheep , and there was abundant fatting pasture in the vale of catmose .

From these goals three areas for enhancement were specified : new directives — structured comments that download commands to the compiler — new constructs — a definition for operations that can affect the way a program is interpreted — and language restrictions , which limit the use of sequence and storage association to avoid conflicts with distributed data .
from these goals three areas for enhancement were specified : new directives — structured comments that download commands to the compiler — new constructs — a definition for operations that can affect the way a program is interpreted — and language [limits] , which limit the use of sequence and storage association to avoid conflicts with distributed data .

Another point which is not always recognised is that covert research can itself impose severe restrictions on the kinds of questions that one may legitimately ask and the sorts of people to whom one may have access .
another point which is not always recognised is that covert research can itself impose severe [limits] on the kinds of questions that one may legitimately ask and the sorts of people to whom one may have access .

The normal army selection proportions do not apply , although other normal restrictions do ( eg , you need an Orc unit to buy an Orc war machine ) .
the normal army selection proportions do not apply , although other normal [limits] do ( eg , you need an orc unit to buy an orc war machine ) .

Despite restrictions of finance and lack of initial endorsement often from higher echelons of management , the amount of innovative work in under-fives and special needs areas has been significant .
despite [limits] of finance and lack of initial endorsement often from higher echelons of management , the amount of innovative work in under-fives and special needs areas has been significant .

But these restrictions are not always remembered .
but these [limits] are not always remembered .

In the early 1980s the South African Government restricted television 's movements in the townships and more recently , in 1987 — 8 , the Israeli Government imposed restrictions on television 's movements in Gaza and the occupied territories .
in the early 1980s the south african government restricted television 's movements in the townships and more recently , in 1987 — 8 , the israeli government imposed [limits] on television 's movements in gaza and the occupied territories .

Like their counterparts on privately owned newspapers , they will have to take note of the restrictions on space which advertising forces on the paper .
like their counterparts on privately owned newspapers , they will have to take note of the [limits] on space which advertising forces on the paper .

Both sets of pressures involve restrictions of one sort or another .
both sets of pressures involve [limits] of one sort or another .

If there can be no way of guaranteeing the full representation of all views , is it possible to create structures which lessen or remove restrictions on press ‘ freedom ’ ? Before exploring this question in detail , we turn to an appraisal of the ‘ theories of the press ’ .
if there can be no way of guaranteeing the full representation of all views , is it possible to create structures which lessen or remove [limits] on press ‘ freedom ’ ? before exploring this question in detail , we turn to an appraisal of the ‘ theories of the press ’ .

These contrasted the Western models with the sorts of restrictions that could and were applied to the media in other political systems : the media were not free to publish , the expression of opinion was controlled , the Party/government could dictate the content of the media , and the essential freedoms associated with the Western models were obviously absent .
these contrasted the western models with the sorts of [limits] that could and were applied to the media in other political systems : the media were not free to publish , the expression of opinion was controlled , the party/government could dictate the content of the media , and the essential freedoms associated with the western models were obviously absent .

Developing countries have their own specific economic , political and social requirements and it is often felt that the media should ‘ carry out positive development tasks ’ ; that they should accept restrictions if the state so desires and that they should be subordinate to the needs ( economic , cultural , political ) of a developing state .
developing countries have their own specific economic , political and social requirements and it is often felt that the media should ‘ carry out positive development tasks ’ ; that they should accept [limits] if the state so desires and that they should be subordinate to the needs ( economic , cultural , political ) of a developing state .

Whether one interpreted this from the perspective of a 16th century Milton or that of a 20th century anarchist , the outcome was still the same in its condemnation of restrictions on the free expression and dissemination of opinions .
whether one interpreted this from the perspective of a 16th century milton or that of a 20th century anarchist , the outcome was still the same in its condemnation of [limits] on the free expression and dissemination of opinions .

Yet because they are aware of the nature of market forces , they are willing to consider regulations which would prevent anti-competitive practices and restrictions on access to the means of communications .
yet because they are aware of the nature of market forces , they are willing to consider regulations which would prevent anti-competitive practices and [limits] on access to the means of communications .

Authors of such reforms believe that greater diversity could be achieved by imposing restrictions on rules of ownership , by imposing levies on advertising revenue so as to create a pool of funds for alternative publications , and generally by controlling free-market forces .
authors of such reforms believe that greater diversity could be achieved by imposing [limits] on rules of ownership , by imposing levies on advertising revenue so as to create a pool of funds for alternative publications , and generally by controlling free-market forces .

Repayment started in 1946 , initially only to men aged 65 or over and to women aged 60 or over , but the conditions for claiming varied over the years until 1972 when it was announced that there would be a ‘ general release ’ and that all credits were to be repaid without any further restrictions .
repayment started in 1946 , initially only to men aged 65 or over and to women aged 60 or over , but the conditions for claiming varied over the years until 1972 when it was announced that there would be a ‘ general release ’ and that all credits were to be repaid without any further [limits] .

In 1967 the Monopolies and Mergers Commission reported on the supply of solicitors ' ( and also barristers ' ) services in relation to restrictions on advertising .
in 1967 the monopolies and mergers commission reported on the supply of solicitors ' ( and also barristers ' ) services in relation to [limits] on advertising .

The only restrictions to growth were the topography of the site and the West Façade .
the only [limits] to growth were the topography of the site and the west façade .

Its domination resides in the fact that it keeps the economy going , without which the whole society would collapse , and in the fact that it thereby imposes certain restrictions on other practices .
its domination resides in the fact that it keeps the economy going , without which the whole society would collapse , and in the fact that it thereby imposes certain [limits] on other practices .

Hillary was a strong supporter of the campaign to make the region around Everest a national park so that restrictions to curb the firewood problem would be introduced .
hillary was a strong supporter of the campaign to make the region around everest a national park so that [limits] to curb the firewood problem would be introduced .

Climbers should take special note of the new access agreement covering Marine Drive and Upper Pen Trwyn , which adds further restrictions to the existing arrangements in place before the climbing ban .
climbers should take special note of the new access agreement covering marine drive and upper pen trwyn , which adds further [limits] to the existing arrangements in place before the climbing ban .

It goes without saying that any infringements of these new restrictions will imperil what is already an extremely sensitive access agreement .
it goes without saying that any infringements of these new [limits] will imperil what is already an extremely sensitive access agreement .

Restrictions : None .
[limits] : none .

In New York she was feted at City Hall , had exclusive access to the great airship base at Lakehurst , Commander Rosendahl waiving all restrictions .
in new york she was feted at city hall , had exclusive access to the great airship base at lakehurst , commander rosendahl waiving all [limits] .

Xidan Wall was made inaccessible to the public during the summer months and new civic restrictions instituted on putting up dazibao .
xidan wall was made inaccessible to the public during the summer months and new civic [limits] instituted on putting up dazibao .

What restrictions did we additionally place on the articles ?
what [limits] did we additionally place on the articles ?

There is therefore a need for restrictions on the actions that are permitted on objects that participate in trails .
there is therefore a need for [limits] on the actions that are permitted on objects that participate in trails .

Restrictions on and beliefs about language may be part of the construction of gender rather than a simple reflection of it .
[limits] on and beliefs about language may be part of the construction of gender rather than a simple reflection of it .

In helping to negotiate a contract for a family member on admission there is scope for clarifying details of daily life , and helping the family and the old person work through their feelings about any restrictions .
in helping to negotiate a contract for a family member on admission there is scope for clarifying details of daily life , and helping the family and the old person work through their feelings about any [limits] .

How these restrictions are to be handled post-1992 has yet to be fixed .
how these [limits] are to be handled post-1992 has yet to be fixed .

In the aftermath of the First World War Germany was forbidden to rearm until restrictions were relaxed in 1926 and airship construction began again .
in the aftermath of the first world war germany was forbidden to rearm until [limits] were relaxed in 1926 and airship construction began again .

Nora tried her best to get round the wartime restrictions so that Constance could be well dressed .
nora tried her best to get round the wartime [limits] so that constance could be well dressed .

There were still restrictions on virtually every commodity and everything was in short supply — when it was available at all .
there were still [limits] on virtually every commodity and everything was in short supply — when it was available at all .

The Conservatives returned to their panacea of imperial protectionism and even the Liberals , the historic party of free trade , began to question the dogma , influenced by Lloyd George 's experience in running the war economy and Keynes 's argument that deficit budgeting behind temporary import restrictions was the key to triggering a domestic economic revival .
the conservatives returned to their panacea of imperial protectionism and even the liberals , the historic party of free trade , began to question the dogma , influenced by lloyd george 's experience in running the war economy and keynes 's argument that deficit budgeting behind temporary import [limits] was the key to triggering a domestic economic revival .

In many ways , this is a year of great contrasts — in some areas you will face restrictions , in others expansion .
in many ways , this is a year of great contrasts — in some areas you will face [limits] , in others expansion .

Even with the present trade restrictions it is estimated that we spend more than £350 million on liquor abroad every year .
even with the present trade [limits] it is estimated that we spend more than £350 million on liquor abroad every year .

’ They also call for ‘ reasonable limitations ’ on punitive damages , dis-incentives to filing meritless claims , and fewer restrictions on the forms of organisations accountants may operate under .
’ they also call for ‘ reasonable limitations ’ on punitive damages , dis-incentives to filing meritless claims , and fewer [limits] on the forms of organisations accountants may operate under .

He also plans drug pricing restrictions and insurance industry reform .
he also plans drug pricing [limits] and insurance industry reform .

In a traditional ‘ non-contact ’ competition without padding or restrictions , save that the opponents must never actually touch , each bout lasts roughly three minutes and is overseen by three judges whose job it is to study the accuracy and intended force of each blow .
in a traditional ‘ non-contact ’ competition without padding or [limits] , save that the opponents must never actually touch , each bout lasts roughly three minutes and is overseen by three judges whose job it is to study the accuracy and intended force of each blow .

After the war , the bank struggled under the pressure of the government 's changing credit restrictions and exchange controls .
after the war , the bank struggled under the pressure of the government 's changing credit [limits] and exchange controls .

These restrictions on alienation will dictate , apart from the market circumstances prevailing at the time , how accommodation is packaged in the market for sub-letting .
these [limits] on alienation will dictate , apart from the market circumstances prevailing at the time , how accommodation is packaged in the market for sub-letting .

Anti-avoidance restrictions
anti-avoidance [limits]

The newly-adopted directive extends the Second Company Law Directive 's minimum restrictions on the acquisition by a public company ( or its nominees ) of its own shares to acquisitions of shares in a parent company by a subsidiary .
the newly-adopted directive extends the second company law directive 's minimum [limits] on the acquisition by a public company ( or its nominees ) of its own shares to acquisitions of shares in a parent company by a subsidiary .

Hard experimental evidence for the existence of this energy has been lacking due to the imperfections of both chemical and molecular physics , as well as self-imposed restrictions on the imagination .
hard experimental evidence for the existence of this energy has been lacking due to the imperfections of both chemical and molecular physics , as well as self-imposed [limits] on the imagination .

In 1845 salaries were raised , provision was made for pensions , and restrictions were placed on economic activities .
in 1845 salaries were raised , provision was made for pensions , and [limits] were placed on economic activities .

Population growth and restrictions on settling forest land were other causes of this fragmentation .
population growth and [limits] on settling forest land were other causes of this fragmentation .

Another obstacle to the smooth functioning of the system was the geographical restrictions on each headman 's authority ; investigations often stopped on the border of an administrative division .
another obstacle to the smooth functioning of the system was the geographical [limits] on each headman 's authority ; investigations often stopped on the border of an administrative division .

In the new political climate of the Donoughmore Constitution these restrictions were seen as a restraint on the economic freedom of the peasantry .
in the new political climate of the donoughmore constitution these [limits] were seen as a restraint on the economic freedom of the peasantry .

In fact , because of Police and Trade Union restrictions , a motor bus running in London is allowed very little more flexibility than a trolleybus .
in fact , because of police and trade union [limits] , a motor bus running in london is allowed very little more flexibility than a trolleybus .

In spite of the sharp rise in the costs of doing business in Singapore in the 1980s , many companies are still choosing it as their regional base because of the ease of doing business there : it has one of the world 's most modern infrastructures , a free enterprise system with no foreign ownership restrictions , no exchange controls , few tariff barriers , a highly motivated and skilled workforce and attractive investment incentives .
in spite of the sharp rise in the costs of doing business in singapore in the 1980s , many companies are still choosing it as their regional base because of the ease of doing business there : it has one of the world 's most modern infrastructures , a free enterprise system with no foreign ownership [limits] , no exchange controls , few tariff barriers , a highly motivated and skilled workforce and attractive investment incentives .

The Association sought to show that the restrictions in the agreement were indeed indispensable to the promotion of technical or economic progress .
the association sought to show that the [limits] in the agreement were indeed indispensable to the promotion of technical or economic progress .

Probably one immediate result of this change was Vincent 's growing rebellion against the restrictions that went with the use of his home as a base .
probably one immediate result of this change was vincent 's growing rebellion against the [limits] that went with the use of his home as a base .

Registered companies are exempted from all taxes on approved activities , and no currency or exchange restrictions are imposed .
registered companies are exempted from all taxes on approved activities , and no currency or exchange [limits] are imposed .

The deal will provide unrestricted walk-on fares in each direction , without the usual special offer snags like Saturday stop-overs and peak-flight restrictions .
the deal will provide unrestricted walk-on fares in each direction , without the usual special offer snags like saturday stop-overs and peak-flight [limits] .

Hoover last night denied any restrictions and insisted the promotion was a no-strings attached deal .
hoover last night denied any [limits] and insisted the promotion was a no-strings attached deal .

Supermarkets have found they can get around licensing restrictions by selling in bulk .
supermarkets have found they can get around licensing [limits] by selling in bulk .

Restrictions placed on him by Thorn end in March and he has already head-hunted Steve Lewis , former boss of Richard Branson 's Virgin Music Publishing , to head-up a new label .
[limits] placed on him by thorn end in march and he has already head-hunted steve lewis , former boss of richard branson 's virgin music publishing , to head-up a new label .

The developers had hoped to sell timeshares and villas , but because of planning restrictions , fewer were sold than hoped , and then the economic climate changed .
the developers had hoped to sell timeshares and villas , but because of planning [limits] , fewer were sold than hoped , and then the economic climate changed .

Remove restrictions on insurers and let people buy for themselves inexpensive insurance .
remove [limits] on insurers and let people buy for themselves inexpensive insurance .

British Columbia 's powerful timber industry — led by MacMillan Bloedel , the company that will be doing much of the cutting in Clayoquot — feigned relief at being given anything at all while bemoaning the loss of jobs that the mild restrictions would cause .
british columbia 's powerful timber industry — led by macmillan bloedel , the company that will be doing much of the cutting in clayoquot — feigned relief at being given anything at all while bemoaning the loss of jobs that the mild [limits] would cause .

This will produce more pressure in the west for import restrictions .
this will produce more pressure in the west for import [limits] .

The Poles would like to send more farm products to the Community , and complain about restrictions on ‘ sensitive ’ industrial items .
the poles would like to send more farm products to the community , and complain about [limits] on ‘ sensitive ’ industrial items .

Other regulations do their bit ; Tokyo residents have to commute huge distances because building restrictions limit the living space available in the capital .
other regulations do their bit ; tokyo residents have to commute huge distances because building [limits] limit the living space available in the capital .

Many of the refugees say that the restrictions on the number of children a family may have , now being enforced by the Chinese government with particular vigour , is the reason for their flight .
many of the refugees say that the [limits] on the number of children a family may have , now being enforced by the chinese government with particular vigour , is the reason for their flight .

Far from building fortress Europe , the report says , Project 1992 has removed ‘ long-standing ‘ residual ’ national trade restrictions .
far from building fortress europe , the report says , project 1992 has removed ‘ long-standing ‘ residual ’ national trade [limits] .

The punishments included forfeiture of remission , single cell confinements , restrictions upon access to the canteen and , more controversially , the stopping of letters and visits for up to a month .
the punishments included forfeiture of remission , single cell confinements , [limits] upon access to the canteen and , more controversially , the stopping of letters and visits for up to a month .

These are major restrictions but the balance has decisively changed from a simple ‘ No ’ to a nuanced ‘ Yes and No ’ .
these are major [limits] but the balance has decisively changed from a simple ‘ no ’ to a nuanced ‘ yes and no ’ .

In anomie theory the impetus that pushes people into crime is that the ambitions for status and pecuniary success that they share with everyone else are thwarted by the restrictions on the opportunities to achieve them that result from low socio-economic status .
in anomie theory the impetus that pushes people into crime is that the ambitions for status and pecuniary success that they share with everyone else are thwarted by the [limits] on the opportunities to achieve them that result from low socio-economic status .

Newsprint restrictions lasted until 1955 , initially because of the post-war dollar crisis and the Korean War — both of which hit imports .
newsprint [limits] lasted until 1955 , initially because of the post-war dollar crisis and the korean war — both of which hit imports .

Most papers did not mind , however , for the government restrictions kept their paper and printing costs low and enabled them to make good profits from the big demand for advertising space .
most papers did not mind , however , for the government [limits] kept their paper and printing costs low and enabled them to make good profits from the big demand for advertising space .

Because of abundant advertising revenue and continued newsprint restrictions ( which limited competition ) the first closure — the News Chronicle — did not come till 1960 .
because of abundant advertising revenue and continued newsprint [limits] ( which limited competition ) the first closure — the news chronicle — did not come till 1960 .

If schools were free of all restrictions on curriculum then the best schools , offering the best courses and getting the best results , would be the ones that succeeded .
if schools were free of all [limits] on curriculum then the best schools , offering the best courses and getting the best results , would be the ones that succeeded .

In fact , as Mr Aslund points out , not all prices have been liberalised ; oil prices are still controlled ; retail , wholesale and ( especially ) export sales have been subject to restrictions .
in fact , as mr aslund points out , not all prices have been liberalised ; oil prices are still controlled ; retail , wholesale and ( especially ) export sales have been subject to [limits] .

Sceptics say discounters have flourished in Germany only because of tight planning restrictions on supermarkets and the limited opening hours of German shops .
sceptics say discounters have flourished in germany only because of tight planning [limits] on supermarkets and the limited opening hours of german shops .

The number of deals will grow as the finance ministry eases restrictions on raising capital offshore .
the number of deals will grow as the finance ministry eases [limits] on raising capital offshore .

With the restrictions firms accepted , industrial sales grew very slowly and , after falling in the later years of the War , did not again reach the 1943 level until 1949 .
with the [limits] firms accepted , industrial sales grew very slowly and , after falling in the later years of the war , did not again reach the 1943 level until 1949 .

This was partly because of government restrictions on capital spending on distribution to below what engineers in the industry considered desirable .
this was partly because of government [limits] on capital spending on distribution to below what engineers in the industry considered desirable .

Kazakhstan also introduced banking restrictions ; goods and money were stopped at the Kirgiz border .
kazakhstan also introduced banking [limits] ; goods and money were stopped at the kirgiz border .

The narrower corners and restrictions on aerodynamics slowed the entrants in this year 's race — at 223.967mph , the pole speed of Arie Luyendyk , the fastest qualifier , would have placed him far back in the field in 1992 .
the narrower corners and [limits] on aerodynamics slowed the entrants in this year 's race — at 223.967mph , the pole speed of arie luyendyk , the fastest qualifier , would have placed him far back in the field in 1992 .

Regulators like these restrictions because it makes it easier to monitor the risks banks are taking ; bankers object to the extra cost .
regulators like these [limits] because it makes it easier to monitor the risks banks are taking ; bankers object to the extra cost .

If it is used , however , to highlight commonly experienced deprivations and restrictions , and stimulate a move away from those towards a range of service provisions and life-styles which would normally be seen as more adequate , more acceptable , and even more desirable — which would , in short , be valued by most of that society — then normalisation must offer some hope of a breakthrough .
if it is used , however , to highlight commonly experienced deprivations and [limits] , and stimulate a move away from those towards a range of service provisions and life-styles which would normally be seen as more adequate , more acceptable , and even more desirable — which would , in short , be valued by most of that society — then normalisation must offer some hope of a breakthrough .

Restrictions on the visiting of parents and relatives to the children were common , with 71 per cent of the parents subject to limits on the frequency and timing of contact ( p. 163 ) .
[limits] on the visiting of parents and relatives to the children were common , with 71 per cent of the parents subject to limits on the frequency and timing of contact ( p. 163 ) .

Particularly in the business of softer drugs , where the taxes can be lower and the restrictions less onerous , and where the first trial steps towards legalisation should take place , it would undermine the ‘ risk premium ’ that provides drug cartels with their profits .
particularly in the business of softer drugs , where the taxes can be lower and the [limits] less onerous , and where the first trial steps towards legalisation should take place , it would undermine the ‘ risk premium ’ that provides drug cartels with their profits .

The Halifax still chafes , occasionally , at the restrictions which the 1986 Building Societies Act imposes on the mutually-owned thrifts .
the halifax still chafes , occasionally , at the [limits] which the 1986 building societies act imposes on the mutually-owned thrifts .

It may look again at relaxing restrictions on a repurchase market in gilts and on stock lending , both of which flourish in America .
it may look again at relaxing [limits] on a repurchase market in gilts and on stock lending , both of which flourish in america .

However , it is not good enough to assume that physical restrictions to access to college buildings can be removed , in one fell swoop , by the construction of a ramp or the fitting of a handrail .
however , it is not good enough to assume that physical [limits] to access to college buildings can be removed , in one fell swoop , by the construction of a ramp or the fitting of a handrail .

Princess Coronation Class 46229 ‘ Duchess of Hamilton ’ which was originally hoped to be steamed between Carlisle and Perth later this year , has been withdrawn due to restrictions being imposed on the locomotive by ScotRail engineers .
princess coronation class 46229 ‘ duchess of hamilton ’ which was originally hoped to be steamed between carlisle and perth later this year , has been withdrawn due to [limits] being imposed on the locomotive by scotrail engineers .

In spite of concern that budgetary restrictions might have forced its cancellation , the Fondation Pierre Gianadda is proceeding with its exhibition of works by Ben Nicholson ( until 31 January ) .
in spite of concern that budgetary [limits] might have forced its cancellation , the fondation pierre gianadda is proceeding with its exhibition of works by ben nicholson ( until 31 january ) .

It has been called down south for duty owing to the weight restrictions on the Henley branch .
it has been called down south for duty owing to the weight [limits] on the henley branch .

Controversy erupted at the time over alleged juggling with export restrictions by Culture Minister Jack Lang and allegations were made about collusion between private art dealing and the State .
controversy erupted at the time over alleged juggling with export [limits] by culture minister jack lang and allegations were made about collusion between private art dealing and the state .

Partly because of these restrictions on action and scope , the relationship between Assembly and Committee has often been uneasy and strained .
partly because of these [limits] on action and scope , the relationship between assembly and committee has often been uneasy and strained .

For its part , West Germany was unhappy about the restrictions that had been placed upon the economic development of much of its heavy industry by the International Ruhr Authority , an organisation set up by the Allies during their military occupation of Germany : the Schuman Plan offered a way to eliminate the Authority while still satisfying West Germany 's neighbours about its intentions .
for its part , west germany was unhappy about the [limits] that had been placed upon the economic development of much of its heavy industry by the international ruhr authority , an organisation set up by the allies during their military occupation of germany : the schuman plan offered a way to eliminate the authority while still satisfying west germany 's neighbours about its intentions .

In mid-1955 the foreign ministers of the Six met at Messina in Italy to launch ‘ a fresh advance towards the building of Europe ’ and to create a market ‘ free from all customs duties and all quantitative restrictions ’ .
in mid-1955 the foreign ministers of the six met at messina in italy to launch ‘ a fresh advance towards the building of europe ’ and to create a market ‘ free from all customs duties and all quantitative [limits] ’ .

By 1961 internal tariff barriers had been substantially reduced and quota restrictions on industrial products had been largely eliminated .
by 1961 internal tariff barriers had been substantially reduced and quota [limits] on industrial products had been largely eliminated .

In addition to these restrictions , the gorge is also closed at present until February 14 while stabilisation work is undertaken .
in addition to these [limits] , the gorge is also closed at present until february 14 while stabilisation work is undertaken .

Until the restrictions of the 1830s presentation of petitions guaranteed MPs opportunities to raise the grievances on the floor of the House before the business of the day .
until the [limits] of the 1830s presentation of petitions guaranteed mps opportunities to raise the grievances on the floor of the house before the business of the day .

Within that horizon , its doctrines may of course be affirmed and presented as true ; but the wider and more ample perspective of the study of religion in general can not permit such restrictions — though it may be engaged in by one who also , as a personal matter , adheres to a particular faith .
within that horizon , its doctrines may of course be affirmed and presented as true ; but the wider and more ample perspective of the study of religion in general can not permit such [limits] — though it may be engaged in by one who also , as a personal matter , adheres to a particular faith .

As no water is pumped through the unit , no flow rate restrictions apply .
as no water is pumped through the unit , no flow rate [limits] apply .

Restrictions on the interaction of children with peers and care-takers necessarily limit the language access .
[limits] on the interaction of children with peers and care-takers necessarily limit the language access .

He will tell you whether there are any restrictions on the type of insulation that can be used ( urea-formaldehyde foam is not generally recommended in areas exposed to severe driving rain , for example ) .
he will tell you whether there are any [limits] on the type of insulation that can be used ( urea-formaldehyde foam is not generally recommended in areas exposed to severe driving rain , for example ) .

Here are two domains in which blacks have risen to prominence , seemingly without having to overcome the conventional restrictions strewn around other occupations .
here are two domains in which blacks have risen to prominence , seemingly without having to overcome the conventional [limits] strewn around other occupations .

These factors help to explain the emergence in West Germany of a more unified and organisationally disciplined trade union movement which , unlike French unionism , accepts severe restrictions on the use of militancy within the enterprise under the co-determination system .
these factors help to explain the emergence in west germany of a more unified and organisationally disciplined trade union movement which , unlike french unionism , accepts severe [limits] on the use of militancy within the enterprise under the co-determination system .

Throughout the 1650s , extreme restrictions were placed upon the activities of individuals on Sundays ; a strict Puritan sabbath was imposed , and all working , sports , and non-essential travel were made illegal .
throughout the 1650s , extreme [limits] were placed upon the activities of individuals on sundays ; a strict puritan sabbath was imposed , and all working , sports , and non-essential travel were made illegal .

Wherever the New Testament is preached , the divine drama breaks through the restrictions of theological theory and rational presentations of the gospel and continues to win men and women to God 's cause .
wherever the new testament is preached , the divine drama breaks through the [limits] of theological theory and rational presentations of the gospel and continues to win men and women to god 's cause .

During the recent Gulf war the religious police here lost a lot of their power because of having to lift restrictions when other armies from various countries were here .
during the recent gulf war the religious police here lost a lot of their power because of having to lift [limits] when other armies from various countries were here .

Despite all the restrictions put on private food production and the penalties for hoarding or stealing state or co-operative products , the peasants were markedly better fed than most people in towns .
despite all the [limits] put on private food production and the penalties for hoarding or stealing state or co-operative products , the peasants were markedly better fed than most people in towns .

Happily , there are now restrictions upon the use of specified chemicals and so our rivers and waterways should be less polluted .
happily , there are now [limits] upon the use of specified chemicals and so our rivers and waterways should be less polluted .

The counterpart of the protection which it gives consumers is the mass of restrictions and requirements which it imposes on those who provide credit .
the counterpart of the protection which it gives consumers is the mass of [limits] and requirements which it imposes on those who provide credit .

Restrictions : None .
[limits] : none .

He completely disregarded strictly enforced social conventions and religious restrictions in order to contact the outcasts of society .
he completely disregarded strictly enforced social conventions and religious [limits] in order to contact the outcasts of society .

11.3 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement no Party shall be subject to any obligation to make any payment or to any restraint or restriction in respect of its use of technical information , whether results or background , insofar as such information is not subject to intellectual property rights of another Party hereto or its Related companies ( as the case may be ) or to any agreement with a third Party which may impose restrictions .
11.3 notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement no party shall be subject to any obligation to make any payment or to any restraint or restriction in respect of its use of technical information , whether results or background , insofar as such information is not subject to intellectual property rights of another party hereto or its related companies ( as the case may be ) or to any agreement with a third party which may impose [limits] .

By contrast Marx and Engels saw the proletariat 's mission as breaking down the restrictions of capitalism which held back the full development of technology ; and they rejected as utopian any form of transition to socialism which was not brought about by a genuine ( and almost certainly violent ) social revolution .
by contrast marx and engels saw the proletariat 's mission as breaking down the [limits] of capitalism which held back the full development of technology ; and they rejected as utopian any form of transition to socialism which was not brought about by a genuine ( and almost certainly violent ) social revolution .

These lifted some of the restrictions attaching to contracts , such as those involving precarious employment outside the state sector or fixed-term and other like kinds of less secure employment .
these lifted some of the [limits] attaching to contracts , such as those involving precarious employment outside the state sector or fixed-term and other like kinds of less secure employment .

So if your partner sees safer sex as imposing a set of restrictions rather than possibilities , you can set him or her straight !
so if your partner sees safer sex as imposing a set of [limits] rather than possibilities , you can set him or her straight !

Walking that way enables one to photograph the trains in action without violating the railway . It is perhaps a feature which could be added to many of the existing railways in some way so that the many enthusiastic photographers can enjoy that aspect of our hobbies without some of the restrictions that are presented today ?
walking that way enables one to photograph the trains in action without violating the railway . it is perhaps a feature which could be added to many of the existing railways in some way so that the many enthusiastic photographers can enjoy that aspect of our hobbies without some of the [limits] that are presented today ?

Such a long term commitment reflects a genuine desire on the part of the company to encourage youngsters to achieve to their potential , irrespective of any financial restrictions .
such a long term commitment reflects a genuine desire on the part of the company to encourage youngsters to achieve to their potential , irrespective of any financial [limits] .

Amnesty International believes that the restrictions placed on prisoners of conscience doing compulsory labour are analogous to imprisonment and therefore urges that they be immediately and unconditionally released .
amnesty international believes that the [limits] placed on prisoners of conscience doing compulsory labour are analogous to imprisonment and therefore urges that they be immediately and unconditionally released .

For example , it is argued that boys in initiation receive esoteric privileged knowledge , but girls only suffer prohibitions and restrictions at puberty ( see Bamberger 1974 : 277 ; Ortner 1974 : 69 ) .
for example , it is argued that boys in initiation receive esoteric privileged knowledge , but girls only suffer prohibitions and [limits] at puberty ( see bamberger 1974 : 277 ; ortner 1974 : 69 ) .

Despite these restrictions and regulations , goat numbers have continued to decline .
despite these [limits] and regulations , goat numbers have continued to decline .

Indeed , some people have gone so far as to elevate these restrictions on the initial conditions and the parameters to the status of a principle , the anthropic principle , which can be paraphrased as , ‘ Things are as they are because we are .
indeed , some people have gone so far as to elevate these [limits] on the initial conditions and the parameters to the status of a principle , the anthropic principle , which can be paraphrased as , ‘ things are as they are because we are .

Sites and their related buildings may alternate in use over the years under economic pressure to give the best possible financial return , subject to planning and other restrictions .
sites and their related buildings may alternate in use over the years under economic pressure to give the best possible financial return , subject to planning and other [limits] .

This is necessary not only to establish the viability of the proposed development , but also to identify any restrictions or lack of availability of infrastructure .
this is necessary not only to establish the viability of the proposed development , but also to identify any [limits] or lack of availability of infrastructure .

Legal Restrictions
legal [limits]

Any legal restrictions that may have been imposed by the vendor or already have been included in earlier conveyances of the land or property can be identified .
any legal [limits] that may have been imposed by the vendor or already have been included in earlier conveyances of the land or property can be identified .

Before signing the contract the purchaser should in any event read the document carefully and arrive at a full and clear understanding of any restrictions imposed .
before signing the contract the purchaser should in any event read the document carefully and arrive at a full and clear understanding of any [limits] imposed .

The legal restrictions which affect the value and development potential of land can broadly be included under the headings of restrictive covenants , rights of way , and easements .
the legal [limits] which affect the value and development potential of land can broadly be included under the headings of restrictive covenants , rights of way , and easements .

Certain restrictions are often imposed for the common good of inhabitants in an area .
certain [limits] are often imposed for the common good of inhabitants in an area .

Restrictions on the use of land or dwellings
[limits] on the use of land or dwellings

The above and similar restrictions will of course affect both the value of the land and its viability for residential development .
the above and similar [limits] will of course affect both the value of the land and its viability for residential development .

Restrictions can be removed by consent from the original vendor or ’ his successors in title ’ .
[limits] can be removed by consent from the original vendor or ’ his successors in title ’ .

The most common easements affecting sites are rights of way , restrictions imposed by public utilities for passage of gas , water , electricity and telephones , rights of support , discharge of water and rights of light .
the most common easements affecting sites are rights of way , [limits] imposed by public utilities for passage of gas , water , electricity and telephones , rights of support , discharge of water and rights of light .

In that capacity he had presided over a campaign against corruption , and more positively over a relaxation of the restrictions upon private trade and local government .
in that capacity he had presided over a campaign against corruption , and more positively over a relaxation of the [limits] upon private trade and local government .

The syntactic structure of a language imposes certain restrictions on the way messages may be organized in that language .
the syntactic structure of a language imposes certain [limits] on the way messages may be organized in that language .

The syntactic structure of a language imposes restrictions on the way messages may be organized in that language .
the syntactic structure of a language imposes [limits] on the way messages may be organized in that language .

Languages which have elaborate systems of case inflections tend to have fewer restrictions on word order than languages like English which have very few case inflections .
languages which have elaborate systems of case inflections tend to have fewer [limits] on word order than languages like english which have very few case inflections .

Predicated and identifying themes are marked but fairly common in English because they offer a thematization strategy that overcomes restrictions on word order .
predicated and identifying themes are marked but fairly common in english because they offer a thematization strategy that overcomes [limits] on word order .

But certain features of syntactic structure such as restrictions on word order , the principle of end-weight , and the natural phraseology of the target language often mean that the thematic organization of the source text has to be abandoned .
but certain features of syntactic structure such as [limits] on word order , the principle of end-weight , and the natural phraseology of the target language often mean that the thematic organization of the source text has to be abandoned .

Restrictions on space and the need to avoid giving an overt explanation of reported events which risks the danger of legal suits and liability further restrict the use of conjunctions , particularly causal conjunctions , in journalism .
[limits] on space and the need to avoid giving an overt explanation of reported events which risks the danger of legal suits and liability further restrict the use of conjunctions , particularly causal conjunctions , in journalism .

Although on average it cropped up only once an hour , there appeared to be semantic restrictions on the type of verb with which it occurred ; in the majority of cases it occurred with dynamic verbs of activity , the most frequent being do , make , finish , write .
although on average it cropped up only once an hour , there appeared to be semantic [limits] on the type of verb with which it occurred ; in the majority of cases it occurred with dynamic verbs of activity , the most frequent being do , make , finish , write .

He found the teenage years confusing — college would at least provide a different background , new faces , fresh distractions and , eventually , the chance to shake off ghetto restrictions , to escape .
he found the teenage years confusing — college would at least provide a different background , new faces , fresh distractions and , eventually , the chance to shake off ghetto [limits] , to escape .

This view led to the first restrictions on private members ' capacity to interrupt or hold up business whenever they liked — or whenever they could get the House to listen to them , for there was always considerable self-discipline .
this view led to the first [limits] on private members ' capacity to interrupt or hold up business whenever they liked — or whenever they could get the house to listen to them , for there was always considerable self-discipline .

Before 1953 the Commons was permitted unlimited opportunity to discuss these orders but since then severe restrictions have been imposed .
before 1953 the commons was permitted unlimited opportunity to discuss these orders but since then severe [limits] have been imposed .

When local expenditure was greatly curtailed by Government restrictions on the raising of revenue ( rate-capping ) many authorities sought ways of raising money by other means .
when local expenditure was greatly curtailed by government [limits] on the raising of revenue ( rate-capping ) many authorities sought ways of raising money by other means .

The master-apprentice system , which was always inherent , developed from a craft emphasis to what was in the end an unmistakeable class emphasis , with new restrictions , privileges and financial qualifications attached to mastership .
the master-apprentice system , which was always inherent , developed from a craft emphasis to what was in the end an unmistakeable class emphasis , with new [limits] , privileges and financial qualifications attached to mastership .

This shift in emphasis has taken place partly because the restrictions on the use of organo-chloride pesticides introduced in the 1960s have enabled some of the more extreme threats to wildlife preservation to recede and partly because pesticide manufacturers countered nature conservationist claims that they were responsible for the reduction in bird population by arguing that hedgerow and woodland removal could be the prime culprits .
this shift in emphasis has taken place partly because the [limits] on the use of organo-chloride pesticides introduced in the 1960s have enabled some of the more extreme threats to wildlife preservation to recede and partly because pesticide manufacturers countered nature conservationist claims that they were responsible for the reduction in bird population by arguing that hedgerow and woodland removal could be the prime culprits .

If disabled political activists and disabled artists see little point in supporting each other we can be sure that progress towards equal rights has not yet moved beyond the efforts of individuals to escape their own personal restrictions .
if disabled political activists and disabled artists see little point in supporting each other we can be sure that progress towards equal rights has not yet moved beyond the efforts of individuals to escape their own personal [limits] .

Once their condition has stabilised they may have to face a whole range of issues : new restrictions ; new sensations ; new embarrassments ; new lifestyles .
once their condition has stabilised they may have to face a whole range of issues : new [limits] ; new sensations ; new embarrassments ; new lifestyles .

Sometimes the Constitution limits the executive or subordinate local bodies ; sometimes it limits the legislature also , but only so far as amendment of the Constitution itself is concerned ; and sometimes it imposes restrictions upon the legislature which go far beyond this point and forbid it to make laws upon certain subjects or in a certain way or with certain effects .
sometimes the constitution limits the executive or subordinate local bodies ; sometimes it limits the legislature also , but only so far as amendment of the constitution itself is concerned ; and sometimes it imposes [limits] upon the legislature which go far beyond this point and forbid it to make laws upon certain subjects or in a certain way or with certain effects .

Whatever the nature and extent of the restrictions , however , they are based upon a common belief in limited government and in the use of a Constitution to impose these limitations .
whatever the nature and extent of the [limits] , however , they are based upon a common belief in limited government and in the use of a constitution to impose these limitations .

Thus , in the Irish Constitution , the framers were anxious that amendment should be a deliberate process , that the rights of citizens should be safeguarded , and that certain types of laws should not be passed at all , and therefore they made the Constitution supreme and imposed restrictions upon the legislature to achieve these ends .
thus , in the irish constitution , the framers were anxious that amendment should be a deliberate process , that the rights of citizens should be safeguarded , and that certain types of laws should not be passed at all , and therefore they made the constitution supreme and imposed [limits] upon the legislature to achieve these ends .

Few insurers place any restrictions on young people using an organ .
few insurers place any [limits] on young people using an organ .

All such rights , powers , liabilities , obligations and restrictions from time to time created or arising by or under the Treaties , and all such remedies and procedures from time to time provided for by or under the Treaties , as in accordance with the Treaties are without further enactment to be given legal effect or used in the United Kingdom shall be recognised and available in law , and be enforced , allowed and followed accordingly : and the expression ‘ enforceable Community right ’ and similar expressions shall be read as referring to one to which this subsection applies .
all such rights , powers , liabilities , obligations and [limits] from time to time created or arising by or under the treaties , and all such remedies and procedures from time to time provided for by or under the treaties , as in accordance with the treaties are without further enactment to be given legal effect or used in the united kingdom shall be recognised and available in law , and be enforced , allowed and followed accordingly : and the expression ‘ enforceable community right ’ and similar expressions shall be read as referring to one to which this subsection applies .

The restrictions upon the extent to which a person may withdraw money from his or her business vary according to the form of business operated .
the [limits] upon the extent to which a person may withdraw money from his or her business vary according to the form of business operated .

Previous restrictions on the transfer of shares in private companies and the limit on the number of members of a private company have been removed .
previous [limits] on the transfer of shares in private companies and the limit on the number of members of a private company have been removed .

Whilst one of the rights of owners is to use the land which they own as they please , there are restrictions on their use of land due to the rights of others .
whilst one of the rights of owners is to use the land which they own as they please , there are [limits] on their use of land due to the rights of others .

The landlords are therefore entitled to all those rights of ownership other than those which they grant to the tenants under the lease , and those which they are prevented from exercising due to statutory restrictions imposed by the Rent Acts , etc .
the landlords are therefore entitled to all those rights of ownership other than those which they grant to the tenants under the lease , and those which they are prevented from exercising due to statutory [limits] imposed by the rent acts , etc .

The tenants will normally be answerable to the landlord for the use they make of the property , and certain restrictions are normally agreed upon and are contained in the covenants in the lease .
the tenants will normally be answerable to the landlord for the use they make of the property , and certain [limits] are normally agreed upon and are contained in the covenants in the lease .

The tenant is , of course , subject in the same way as the freeholder to statutory restrictions imposed upon the use of the premises , e.g .
the tenant is , of course , subject in the same way as the freeholder to statutory [limits] imposed upon the use of the premises , e.g .

Douglas 1967 , ; Salisbury 1962 ) , and restrictions on mercantile practices .
douglas 1967 , ; salisbury 1962 ) , and [limits] on mercantile practices .

Throughout the 1950s , '60s and '70s these restrictions were reduced or became a less important hindrance to the City 's international operations , but they remained partially effective until they were completely abolished in 1979 .
throughout the 1950s , '60s and '70s these [limits] were reduced or became a less important hindrance to the city 's international operations , but they remained partially effective until they were completely abolished in 1979 .

As a result , pension funds , insurance companies and other institutions held relatively few of their investments in foreign securities , but as soon as these restrictions were lifted the City embarked on a huge outflow of funds .
as a result , pension funds , insurance companies and other institutions held relatively few of their investments in foreign securities , but as soon as these [limits] were lifted the city embarked on a huge outflow of funds .

How to account for restrictions on spending , including the need to distinguish between operating resource inflows and capital inflows .
how to account for [limits] on spending , including the need to distinguish between operating resource inflows and capital inflows .

Semantic co-occurrence restrictions are in principle bi-directional : that is , two constituents of a construction will each exert semantic selective pressure on the set of potential ( i.e .
semantic co-occurrence [limits] are in principle bi-directional : that is , two constituents of a construction will each exert semantic selective pressure on the set of potential ( i.e .

However , grammatically controlled co-occurrence restrictions also have directional properties .
however , grammatically controlled co-occurrence [limits] also have directional properties .

Grammatically controlled semantic co-occurrence restrictions manifest two different sorts of directional property , and these interact differently in head-modifier and head-complement constructions .
grammatically controlled semantic co-occurrence [limits] manifest two different sorts of directional property , and these interact differently in head-modifier and head-complement constructions .

First of all , it is generally possible to specify a selector and a selectee in a construction in which co-occurrence restrictions are operating .
first of all , it is generally possible to specify a selector and a selectee in a construction in which co-occurrence [limits] are operating .

The most that can be said is that they must have selectional restrictions which are satisfied by the selectee .
the most that can be said is that they must have selectional [limits] which are satisfied by the selectee .

Those presuppositions of a selector , which , if not satisfied by the selectee , give rise to inappropriateness , will be termed the collocational restrictions of the selector .
those presuppositions of a selector , which , if not satisfied by the selectee , give rise to inappropriateness , will be termed the collocational [limits] of the selector .

Recent research has disrupted the conventional narrative which represented the period between the end of the Second World War and the passing of the first Immigration Act in 1962 as an era of laissez-faire , with restrictions on black immigration supposedly only being reluctantly considered and implemented in the wake of campaigning by small right wing elements in parliament and a groundswell of racism in the constituencies , especially in the Midlands .
recent research has disrupted the conventional narrative which represented the period between the end of the second world war and the passing of the first immigration act in 1962 as an era of laissez-faire , with [limits] on black immigration supposedly only being reluctantly considered and implemented in the wake of campaigning by small right wing elements in parliament and a groundswell of racism in the constituencies , especially in the midlands .

The western desert offers few natural restrictions .
the western desert offers few natural [limits] .

Temporary workers who are also seasonal workers face special restrictions on their rights to Unemployment Benefit .
temporary workers who are also seasonal workers face special [limits] on their rights to unemployment benefit .

In other cases there were no restrictions on numbers of temporary workers or the duration of their employment , merely a requirement to inform or consult about their use .
in other cases there were no [limits] on numbers of temporary workers or the duration of their employment , merely a requirement to inform or consult about their use .

There are many important advantages in adopting such a system ( these were summarized by Date ) such as : 1 ) redundancy can be reduced , 2 ) inconsistency can be avoided , 3 ) the data can be shared , 4 ) standards can be enforced , 5 ) security restrictions can be applied , and 6 ) integrity can be maintained .
there are many important advantages in adopting such a system ( these were summarized by date ) such as : 1 ) redundancy can be reduced , 2 ) inconsistency can be avoided , 3 ) the data can be shared , 4 ) standards can be enforced , 5 ) security [limits] can be applied , and 6 ) integrity can be maintained .

You can vary the menu according to your taste within the restrictions mentioned , but make sure you do not exceed your daily calorie allowance .
you can vary the menu according to your taste within the [limits] mentioned , but make sure you do not exceed your daily calorie allowance .

Playback to the whole class may be unavoidable because of time and space restrictions .
playback to the whole class may be unavoidable because of time and space [limits] .

Suspended sentence — activation — whether activation of a suspended sentence is subject to restrictions on the maximum aggregate term of imprisonment which may be imposed in particular circumstances
suspended sentence — activation — whether activation of a suspended sentence is subject to [limits] on the maximum aggregate term of imprisonment which may be imposed in particular circumstances

As the suspended sentences were imposed by the Crown Court , there was no reason why in respect of these sentences the Crown Court should be inhibited by the restrictions affecting magistrates court .
as the suspended sentences were imposed by the crown court , there was no reason why in respect of these sentences the crown court should be inhibited by the [limits] affecting magistrates court .

The position is the same if the offender is committed for some offences under Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , s.38 and for some under Criminal Justice Act 1967 , s.56 ; the restrictions in Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , s.133 have no application to the offences subject to committal under section 38 , as the Crown Court can sentence for those offences as if the offender has just been convicted of them on indictment , but do apply to the offences committed under section 56 .
the position is the same if the offender is committed for some offences under magistrates ' courts act 1980 , s.38 and for some under criminal justice act 1967 , s.56 ; the [limits] in magistrates ' courts act 1980 , s.133 have no application to the offences subject to committal under section 38 , as the crown court can sentence for those offences as if the offender has just been convicted of them on indictment , but do apply to the offences committed under section 56 .

Under section 6 ( 2 ) ( b ) the court must be of the opinion that the restrictions on liberty imposed by the community sentence are commensurate with the seriousness of the offences involved .
under section 6 ( 2 ) ( b ) the court must be of the opinion that the [limits] on liberty imposed by the community sentence are commensurate with the seriousness of the offences involved .

Barbara Rashbass , director of the foundation , says that charitable bodies are entitled to decide how to allocate their funds and that unsuccessful applicants are free to apply for support from other medical research charities , none of which has similar restrictions .
barbara rashbass , director of the foundation , says that charitable bodies are entitled to decide how to allocate their funds and that unsuccessful applicants are free to apply for support from other medical research charities , none of which has similar [limits] .

Advertising alcohol is governed by certain restrictions , and therefore your photographs must adhere to the following disciplines : -
advertising alcohol is governed by certain [limits] , and therefore your photographs must adhere to the following disciplines : -

The Council then was not quite a ‘ cross-section ’ of Athenians , but contained disproportionately many rich , determined politicians ; and lobbies , political dynasties or mafias could perpetuate themselves over the years despite the restrictions on re-election ( so the contrast with , for example , the Roman Senate is not after all total ) .
the council then was not quite a ‘ cross-section ’ of athenians , but contained disproportionately many rich , determined politicians ; and lobbies , political dynasties or mafias could perpetuate themselves over the years despite the [limits] on re-election ( so the contrast with , for example , the roman senate is not after all total ) .

Although this policy may have been viewed as a ‘ reasonable ’ intervention in the free market for private housing , there might in any case have been problems of enforcement of restrictions on resale .
although this policy may have been viewed as a ‘ reasonable ’ intervention in the free market for private housing , there might in any case have been problems of enforcement of [limits] on resale .

Finance can be available from the Housing Corporation , building societies and local authorities , from whom land can also sometimes be acquired at a reasonable price if councils want to dispose of some building land unwanted because of reductions in their own building programmes — perhaps at prices below market value if restrictions on resale are accepted .
finance can be available from the housing corporation , building societies and local authorities , from whom land can also sometimes be acquired at a reasonable price if councils want to dispose of some building land unwanted because of reductions in their own building programmes — perhaps at prices below market value if [limits] on resale are accepted .

This Act was important in that it eased restrictions in the field of public service transport , but critics felt that it would weaken the protection necessary for essentially unprofitable bus routes , mainly those in rural areas .
this act was important in that it eased [limits] in the field of public service transport , but critics felt that it would weaken the protection necessary for essentially unprofitable bus routes , mainly those in rural areas .

In addition , some areas are considered to have special value , either for amenity , for beauty or for scientific interest , and are protected by further restrictions on development .
in addition , some areas are considered to have special value , either for amenity , for beauty or for scientific interest , and are protected by further [limits] on development .

The restrictions that have been placed on development in these areas have partly secured these conservationist goals .
the [limits] that have been placed on development in these areas have partly secured these conservationist goals .

Restrictions on new building , both in general and to specific locations ( usually key settlements ) , has two direct consequences .
[limits] on new building , both in general and to specific locations ( usually key settlements ) , has two direct consequences .

Costs are , in fact , forced upwards both by the limitations on the supply of land and the restrictions on the densities of housing that may be constructed per hectare ( Hall et al .
costs are , in fact , forced upwards both by the limitations on the supply of land and the [limits] on the densities of housing that may be constructed per hectare ( hall et al .

The exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society … for the protection of the reputation or rights of others …
the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , [limits] or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society … for the protection of the reputation or rights of others …

It may therefore be subject to certain restrictions , but these shall only be such as are provided by law and are necessary : ( a ) For respect of the rights or reputations of others ; …
it may therefore be subject to certain [limits] , but these shall only be such as are provided by law and are necessary : ( a ) for respect of the rights or reputations of others ; …

That an action for defamation is a prima facie interference with the right is recognised by article 10 ( 2 ) which provides that the exercise of the freedoms referred to in article 10 ( 1 ) may be subject to such restrictions as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society ( my emphasis ) for the protection of the reputation of others .
that an action for defamation is a prima facie interference with the right is recognised by article 10 ( 2 ) which provides that the exercise of the freedoms referred to in article 10 ( 1 ) may be subject to such [limits] as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society ( my emphasis ) for the protection of the reputation of others .

Thus article 10 requires a balancing exercise to be conducted : the balance in this case is between the right to freedom of expression and such restrictions as are necessary in a democratic society for the protection of the reputation of a non-trading corporation which is also a public authority .
thus article 10 requires a balancing exercise to be conducted : the balance in this case is between the right to freedom of expression and such [limits] as are necessary in a democratic society for the protection of the reputation of a non-trading corporation which is also a public authority .

While in the early history of the struggle for freedom of speech the restrictions were enforced by criminal prosecutions , it is clear that a civil action is as great , if not a greater , restriction than a criminal prosecution .
while in the early history of the struggle for freedom of speech the [limits] were enforced by criminal prosecutions , it is clear that a civil action is as great , if not a greater , restriction than a criminal prosecution .

The question for this court , therefore , is whether , by holding that a local government authority , such as the council , may sue in libel in respect of these publications , the law would impose greater restrictions upon freedom of expression than are necessary in a democratic society to meet any pressing social need for the protection of the reputation and rights of such a council .
the question for this court , therefore , is whether , by holding that a local government authority , such as the council , may sue in libel in respect of these publications , the law would impose greater [limits] upon freedom of expression than are necessary in a democratic society to meet any pressing social need for the protection of the reputation and rights of such a council .

( vi ) If the court should hold that a right to sue in libel must be allowed to a local government authority , then , in the alternative , this court should , in extending the law of libel to permit actions by a local authority , impose particular restrictions or limitations upon the cause of action , namely that a local authority could only sue for libel upon proof of special damage ; and that the council would be required to prove both the falsity of the allegation and that it was published maliciously .
( vi ) if the court should hold that a right to sue in libel must be allowed to a local government authority , then , in the alternative , this court should , in extending the law of libel to permit actions by a local authority , impose particular [limits] or limitations upon the cause of action , namely that a local authority could only sue for libel upon proof of special damage ; and that the council would be required to prove both the falsity of the allegation and that it was published maliciously .

The exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary .
the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , [limits] or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary .

‘ ( a ) … Freedom of expression , as enshrined in article 10 , is subject to a number of exceptions which , however , must be narrowly interpreted and the necessity for any restrictions must be convincingly established .
‘ ( a ) … freedom of expression , as enshrined in article 10 , is subject to a number of exceptions which , however , must be narrowly interpreted and the necessity for any [limits] must be convincingly established .

Hubel and Wiesel showed that the properties of the neurons in the visual cortex were drastically changed by restricting the visual experience of an animal , provided that these restrictions took place during a few months early in life called the sensitive period .
hubel and wiesel showed that the properties of the neurons in the visual cortex were drastically changed by restricting the visual experience of an animal , provided that these [limits] took place during a few months early in life called the sensitive period .

The regime attempted to impose narrow restrictions on the ability of the different classes and groups within society to organize and articulate their aspirations .
the regime attempted to impose narrow [limits] on the ability of the different classes and groups within society to organize and articulate their aspirations .

Restrictions on the freedom of assembly were gradually being relaxed , and the massive growth and increasing boldness of the press was lending ever greater muscle to public opinion .
[limits] on the freedom of assembly were gradually being relaxed , and the massive growth and increasing boldness of the press was lending ever greater muscle to public opinion .

The economic growth of the pre-war years was generating an increase in the strength of the middle classes whose concern was to dismantle the restrictions of the old regime .
the economic growth of the pre-war years was generating an increase in the strength of the middle classes whose concern was to dismantle the [limits] of the old regime .

The ‘ third element ’ were frustrated by the restrictions on zemstvo initiative imposed by both government and by gentry deputies .
the ‘ third element ’ were frustrated by the [limits] on zemstvo initiative imposed by both government and by gentry deputies .

During his period in office restrictions on working-class organization were sharply tightened .
during his period in office [limits] on working-class organization were sharply tightened .

It was this which fuelled their increasingly vigorous reaction to the restrictions which a nervous government imposed on student activity and university autonomy .
it was this which fuelled their increasingly vigorous reaction to the [limits] which a nervous government imposed on student activity and university autonomy .

The sentencing powers of magistrates are subject to certain general statutory restrictions in addition to the maximum penalties prescribed for each individual offence .
the sentencing powers of magistrates are subject to certain general statutory [limits] in addition to the maximum penalties prescribed for each individual offence .

There are a few additional restrictions on the use or combination of certain measures , but apart from these limited inroads little attempt has been made to confine the discretion of sentencers by statute .
there are a few additional [limits] on the use or combination of certain measures , but apart from these limited inroads little attempt has been made to confine the discretion of sentencers by statute .

But it is not likely that the Court of Appeal 's new power to review excessively lenient sentences ( see the Introduction ) , will greatly alter this state of affairs as there are a number of restrictions surrounding its exercise .
but it is not likely that the court of appeal 's new power to review excessively lenient sentences ( see the introduction ) , will greatly alter this state of affairs as there are a number of [limits] surrounding its exercise .

’ But , he warned , ‘ if you are n't enthusiastic about selling to schools , do n't touch it because your enthusiasm has got to carry you through a lot of economic restrictions , ’ including , he remarked , the ‘ silly discounts ’ being offered by School Book Fairs that were ‘ far more dangerous than publishers selling direct ’ .
’ but , he warned , ‘ if you are n't enthusiastic about selling to schools , do n't touch it because your enthusiasm has got to carry you through a lot of economic [limits] , ’ including , he remarked , the ‘ silly discounts ’ being offered by school book fairs that were ‘ far more dangerous than publishers selling direct ’ .

2 ) , the facts of which have already been summarised , and in which it was held that the restrictions imposed on the bringing of a direct civil action for breach of a statute could not be outflanked by framing the claim as one for the tort of unlawful interference with trade .
2 ) , the facts of which have already been summarised , and in which it was held that the [limits] imposed on the bringing of a direct civil action for breach of a statute could not be outflanked by framing the claim as one for the tort of unlawful interference with trade .

The protection is not confined to interference with contracts of employment but where the contract affected is not a contract of employment , there are restrictions on the use of ‘ secondary action .
the protection is not confined to interference with contracts of employment but where the contract affected is not a contract of employment , there are [limits] on the use of ‘ secondary action .

Instead of advocating greater restrictions and sanctions on ‘ mentally ill ’ people , perhaps the current debate should address the fundamental contradiction that has become all too apparent in contemporary psychiatric practice : the contradiction between care and control , cure and coercion .
instead of advocating greater [limits] and sanctions on ‘ mentally ill ’ people , perhaps the current debate should address the fundamental contradiction that has become all too apparent in contemporary psychiatric practice : the contradiction between care and control , cure and coercion .

After a maximum ‘ permitted period ’ of thirteen weeks , claimants can neither impose restrictions on the nature , hours , rate of pay or location of work for which they are available , nor refuse a job handled by the Employment Service for those reasons .
after a maximum ‘ permitted period ’ of thirteen weeks , claimants can neither impose [limits] on the nature , hours , rate of pay or location of work for which they are available , nor refuse a job handled by the employment service for those reasons .

On 1 October 1989 the retirement condition was abolished along with the earnings rule which placed restrictions on what national insurance pensioners could earn .
on 1 october 1989 the retirement condition was abolished along with the earnings rule which placed [limits] on what national insurance pensioners could earn .

These restrictions limit your ability to get information out to all the people working on your project , and undermine the program as a whole .
these [limits] limit your ability to get information out to all the people working on your project , and undermine the program as a whole .

The report notes that SSDs are having to focus their care on clients with priority needs because of financial restrictions .
the report notes that ssds are having to focus their care on clients with priority needs because of financial [limits] .

Restrictions on parent/child contact have been imposed and these decisions have been backed by the threat of court proceedings .
[limits] on parent/child contact have been imposed and these decisions have been backed by the threat of court proceedings .

But under a voluntary agreement , the parent retains parental responsibility , and tight restrictions should only apply in extreme circumstances .
but under a voluntary agreement , the parent retains parental responsibility , and tight [limits] should only apply in extreme circumstances .

Under the Children Act , if the restrictions could be achieved ‘ voluntarily ’ a court may consider it has a duty not to grant an order .
under the children act , if the [limits] could be achieved ‘ voluntarily ’ a court may consider it has a duty not to grant an order .

But it is still against the spirit of the Act to impose restrictions on contact where a child is accommodated by a local authority .
but it is still against the spirit of the act to impose [limits] on contact where a child is accommodated by a local authority .

The explosiveness of these articles by Nizan is doubtless explained as much by Nizan 's anger at the reporting restrictions imposed by the Garde des Sceaux on sub judice matters affecting fascist infiltration in France , as it is by his visceral fear and hatred of what he considers to be the terrible consequences of the spread of fascism within his homeland .
the explosiveness of these articles by nizan is doubtless explained as much by nizan 's anger at the reporting [limits] imposed by the garde des sceaux on sub judice matters affecting fascist infiltration in france , as it is by his visceral fear and hatred of what he considers to be the terrible consequences of the spread of fascism within his homeland .

There are no formal restrictions limiting the construction of noun phrases and their employment as subjects in subject/predicate statements other than those implicit in the general conditions of coherence and consistency .
there are no formal [limits] limiting the construction of noun phrases and their employment as subjects in subject/predicate statements other than those implicit in the general conditions of coherence and consistency .

Funding restrictions may be partly responsible for these absences , but they also reflect the mental health system 's capacity to resist new responses to mental distress .
funding [limits] may be partly responsible for these absences , but they also reflect the mental health system 's capacity to resist new responses to mental distress .

Restrictions on women within paid employment are further evidenced by the extreme concentration of women within a very narrow range of occupational groups .
[limits] on women within paid employment are further evidenced by the extreme concentration of women within a very narrow range of occupational groups .

The division of labour placed restrictions on the options open to women in all other aspects of their lives .
the division of labour placed [limits] on the options open to women in all other aspects of their lives .

Since an expanding post-war economy stimulated immigration into Britain , governments have imposed more and more severe restrictions on entry .
since an expanding post-war economy stimulated immigration into britain , governments have imposed more and more severe [limits] on entry .

The third event was the liberalization of the restrictions on advertising , which had previously permitted only institutional advertising such as the ‘ See a Solicitor ’ series of leaflets .
the third event was the liberalization of the [limits] on advertising , which had previously permitted only institutional advertising such as the ‘ see a solicitor ’ series of leaflets .

The removal of restrictions was , in part , a reaction to the threat of competition from licensed conveyancers .
the removal of [limits] was , in part , a reaction to the threat of competition from licensed conveyancers .

For certain classes of work ( small claims , debt cases and housing cases in the county courts ) there will be no restrictions at all on rights of audience ; the only control will be the court 's discretion to restrict the involvement of unruly or corrupt representatives .
for certain classes of work ( small claims , debt cases and housing cases in the county courts ) there will be no [limits] at all on rights of audience ; the only control will be the court 's discretion to restrict the involvement of unruly or corrupt representatives .

These are the conveyancing and probate monopolies , restrictions on instituting litigation and on rights of audience .
these are the conveyancing and probate monopolies , [limits] on instituting litigation and on rights of audience .

Restrictions connected with litigation cover two situations .
[limits] connected with litigation cover two situations .

Restrictions on rights of audience ensure that persons appearing as representatives before courts have a minimum level of competence as advocates .
[limits] on rights of audience ensure that persons appearing as representatives before courts have a minimum level of competence as advocates .

By the late thirteenth century armies had very largely to be paid for , the feudal element being both small and hedged about with inconvenient restrictions on how long and where the cavalry might serve .
by the late thirteenth century armies had very largely to be paid for , the feudal element being both small and hedged about with inconvenient [limits] on how long and where the cavalry might serve .

But having weighed up the two options , at the end of the article , he concluded : ' … in every language it turns out that almost all the results lie within a relatively short stretch which we may call the sentence … Only rarely can we state restrictions across sentences ' ( loc .
but having weighed up the two options , at the end of the article , he concluded : ' … in every language it turns out that almost all the results lie within a relatively short stretch which we may call the sentence … only rarely can we state [limits] across sentences ' ( loc .

There may also be purely formal grammatical restrictions on what can go first .
there may also be purely formal grammatical [limits] on what can go first .

And she could scream as well … Ideally we might have preferred a juvenile actress , but with the restrictions on the hours children can work in Television we knew we could n't do it that way .
and she could scream as well … ideally we might have preferred a juvenile actress , but with the [limits] on the hours children can work in television we knew we could n't do it that way .

Section 57 imposes restrictions on the contents of advertisements inviting , inter alia , the purchase of or subscription for shares .
section 57 imposes [limits] on the contents of advertisements inviting , inter alia , the purchase of or subscription for shares .

The restrictions to be imposed on Norwich Union .
the [limits] to be imposed on norwich union .

Provided always that nothing in these restrictions shall preclude Norwich Union from processing any proposal or application form made and dated prior to 31 October 1990 submitted through the Winchester Group or any of its company representatives and entering into any investment contract on the basis of any such a proposal or application form so long as Norwich Union has first satisfied itself that : — ( a ) any such proposal or application form is genuinely made and dated prior to 31 October 1990 ; ( b ) any such proposal or application form is accompanied by a fact find form ; and ( c ) that the fact find form has been fully completed ; and ( d ) that the information shown thereon is sufficient to show that the proposed investment contract which is the subject of the proposal or application form is in the best interests of the investor concerned .
provided always that nothing in these [limits] shall preclude norwich union from processing any proposal or application form made and dated prior to 31 october 1990 submitted through the winchester group or any of its company representatives and entering into any investment contract on the basis of any such a proposal or application form so long as norwich union has first satisfied itself that : — ( a ) any such proposal or application form is genuinely made and dated prior to 31 october 1990 ; ( b ) any such proposal or application form is accompanied by a fact find form ; and ( c ) that the fact find form has been fully completed ; and ( d ) that the information shown thereon is sufficient to show that the proposed investment contract which is the subject of the proposal or application form is in the best interests of the investor concerned .

These restrictions are imposed by virtue of powers vested in the board under rule 7.3 of the Rules .
these [limits] are imposed by virtue of powers vested in the board under rule 7.3 of the rules .

The board considered that although the investigation ordered by the Chief Executive on 18 October 1990 is not yet complete the imposition of the restrictions referred to above is necessary in the interests of investors given the evidence before it highlighting serious deficiencies in Norwich Union 's internal systems for monitoring the performance of the Winchester Group and in particular ensuring that the Winchester Group complied with the Code of Conduct .
the board considered that although the investigation ordered by the chief executive on 18 october 1990 is not yet complete the imposition of the [limits] referred to above is necessary in the interests of investors given the evidence before it highlighting serious deficiencies in norwich union 's internal systems for monitoring the performance of the winchester group and in particular ensuring that the winchester group complied with the code of conduct .

In deciding to impose the restrictions set out in paragraph 4 above , the board also gave weight to the fact that according to Norwich Union 's letter to the Chief Executive of 18 October 1990 , that company had no contractual power to suspend the Winchester Group pending the conclusion of the investigation in the absence of Lautro intervening under rule 7.3 .
in deciding to impose the [limits] set out in paragraph 4 above , the board also gave weight to the fact that according to norwich union 's letter to the chief executive of 18 october 1990 , that company had no contractual power to suspend the winchester group pending the conclusion of the investigation in the absence of lautro intervening under rule 7.3 .

‘ ( 1 ) To buy , sell or exchange lands of any tenure whether by private contract or by public auction for such consideration and subject to such covenants , conditions and restrictions as the attorney shall think fit .
‘ ( 1 ) to buy , sell or exchange lands of any tenure whether by private contract or by public auction for such consideration and subject to such covenants , conditions and [limits] as the attorney shall think fit .

Those principles required the elimination , not only of existing restrictions and discrimination relating to the exercise of occupational activities , but also of any barrier which might in practice prevent the effective realisation of those activities .
those principles required the elimination , not only of existing [limits] and discrimination relating to the exercise of occupational activities , but also of any barrier which might in practice prevent the effective realisation of those activities .

As regards intent , the United Kingdom Government had never concealed the fact that the restrictions introduced by the Act of 1988 were intended to exclude Spanish interests from the United Kingdom fishing industry .
as regards intent , the united kingdom government had never concealed the fact that the [limits] introduced by the act of 1988 were intended to exclude spanish interests from the united kingdom fishing industry .

‘ provided that … the rights of non-member countries are not involved , a member state can not rely on the provisions of a pre-existing convention of that kind in order to justify restrictions on the marketing of products coming from another member state where the marketing thereof is lawful by virtue of the free movement of goods provided for by the Treaty .
‘ provided that … the rights of non-member countries are not involved , a member state can not rely on the provisions of a pre-existing convention of that kind in order to justify [limits] on the marketing of products coming from another member state where the marketing thereof is lawful by virtue of the free movement of goods provided for by the treaty .

‘ Member states shall not introduce any new restrictions on the right of establishment in their territories of nationals of other member states , save as otherwise provided in this Treaty
‘ member states shall not introduce any new [limits] on the right of establishment in their territories of nationals of other member states , save as otherwise provided in this treaty

The first paragraph of article 52 extends the scope of the abolition of the restrictions on freedom of establishment to restrictions on the setting up of agencies , branches or subsidiaries by nationals of any member state established in the territory of any member state .
the first paragraph of article 52 extends the scope of the abolition of the [limits] on freedom of establishment to [limits] on the setting up of agencies , branches or subsidiaries by nationals of any member state established in the territory of any member state .

‘ Quantitative restrictions on imports and all measures having an equivalent shall , without prejudice to the following provisions , be prohibited .
‘ quantitative [limits] on imports and all measures having an equivalent shall , without prejudice to the following provisions , be prohibited .

‘ The provisions of articles 30 to 34 shall not preclude prohibitions or restrictions on imports , exports , or goods in transit justified on the grounds of … public policy … the protection of health and life of humans ; … Such prohibitions or restrictions shall not , however , constitute a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguise to restriction on trade between member states .
‘ the provisions of articles 30 to 34 shall not preclude prohibitions or [limits] on imports , exports , or goods in transit justified on the grounds of … public policy … the protection of health and life of humans ; … such prohibitions or [limits] shall not , however , constitute a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguise to restriction on trade between member states .

‘ In the nature of things most respondents applications for discovery in aid of restraint orders would be able to rely upon the privilege against self-incrimination and the fact that Parliament has made no special provision in this regard suggests that , in that context , restrictions upon the use which can be made of the information were accepted as being effective .
‘ in the nature of things most respondents applications for discovery in aid of restraint orders would be able to rely upon the privilege against self-incrimination and the fact that parliament has made no special provision in this regard suggests that , in that context , [limits] upon the use which can be made of the information were accepted as being effective .

The argument is that section 47 can not stand because it is inconsistent with article 30 of the Treaty , a provision having direct effect which prohibits between member states quantitative restrictions on imports and all measures having equivalent effect ; it is said that the prohibition against Sunday trading in this country has such an effect .
the argument is that section 47 can not stand because it is inconsistent with article 30 of the treaty , a provision having direct effect which prohibits between member states quantitative [limits] on imports and all measures having equivalent effect ; it is said that the prohibition against sunday trading in this country has such an effect .

‘ Quantitative restrictions on imports and all measures having equivalent effect shall … be prohibited between member states .
‘ quantitative [limits] on imports and all measures having equivalent effect shall … be prohibited between member states .

The first question posed in the Conforama case was whether provisions prohibiting the employment of workers on Sundays constituted a measure having an equivalent effect to quantitative restrictions within the meaning of article 30 of the Treaty .
the first question posed in the conforama case was whether provisions prohibiting the employment of workers on sundays constituted a measure having an equivalent effect to quantitative [limits] within the meaning of article 30 of the treaty .

This section , by subsection ( 3 ) , is subject to the restrictions imposed by section 9 .
this section , by subsection ( 3 ) , is subject to the [limits] imposed by section 9 .

Restrictions on dispositions of property
[limits] on dispositions of property

Now there are restrictions , but among the permitted food items are ‘ meat bones , blood , offal , or other parts of the carcase of any livestock or of any poultry or product derived therefrom or hatchery waste [ eg , faeces , feathers , dead chicks ] or eggs or egg shells .
now there are [limits] , but among the permitted food items are ‘ meat bones , blood , offal , or other parts of the carcase of any livestock or of any poultry or product derived therefrom or hatchery waste [ eg , faeces , feathers , dead chicks ] or eggs or egg shells .

To these premises , the permitted hours and the prohibition against the sale , supply and consumption outwith these hours do not apply with the exception of the restrictions on the sale of liquor on passenger vessels on Sundays imposed by 5.93 .
to these premises , the permitted hours and the prohibition against the sale , supply and consumption outwith these hours do not apply with the exception of the [limits] on the sale of liquor on passenger vessels on sundays imposed by 5.93 .

To suggest that venues should impose restrictions on admission depending on the lifestyle of the individual is ridiculous .
to suggest that venues should impose [limits] on admission depending on the lifestyle of the individual is ridiculous .

The letter was written in a sprawling hand , writing that had once undergone the discipline of copperplate , but long ago broken loose from its restrictions and now spread , thick and unguarded , over the page .
the letter was written in a sprawling hand , writing that had once undergone the discipline of copperplate , but long ago broken loose from its [limits] and now spread , thick and unguarded , over the page .

As soon as all these lighting restrictions came in , Daddy said he was n't going to stay in England and they pissed off , ’ Felicity 's lapses into strong language , which were meant to make her sound cool , only made her sound immature .
as soon as all these lighting [limits] came in , daddy said he was n't going to stay in england and they pissed off , ’ felicity 's lapses into strong language , which were meant to make her sound cool , only made her sound immature .

Nevertheless , during the 1900s , John Burns , the President of the Local Government Board and of the Conference on Infant Mortality , continued to call for legal restrictions on married women 's work .
nevertheless , during the 1900s , john burns , the president of the local government board and of the conference on infant mortality , continued to call for legal [limits] on married women 's work .

Statute provides an appeals procedure against deportation , the non renewal of residence permits and other types of restrictions .
statute provides an appeals procedure against deportation , the non renewal of residence permits and other types of [limits] .

Thus , even where the immediate constraints impose tight restrictions on behaviour the group can still be effective if they can be motivated to work together to achieve their objectives .
thus , even where the immediate constraints impose tight [limits] on behaviour the group can still be effective if they can be motivated to work together to achieve their objectives .

Over an area of 520 km 2 restrictions were imposed on the distribution of milk which contained more than 3700 Bq/l ( 0.1 uCi/l ) of iodine-131 .
over an area of 520 km 2 [limits] were imposed on the distribution of milk which contained more than 3700 bq/l ( 0.1 uci/l ) of iodine-131 .

At a more specific level , emission control options may include the setting of emission standards , restrictions on the use of certain fuels , the requirement that emission control equipment be fitted , the closing down of factories , and the adoption of tall stacks .
at a more specific level , emission control options may include the setting of emission standards , [limits] on the use of certain fuels , the requirement that emission control equipment be fitted , the closing down of factories , and the adoption of tall stacks .

Uniform restrictions on emissions from new motor vehicles were to be set .
uniform [limits] on emissions from new motor vehicles were to be set .

While revenue contributions inevitably increased burdens upon ratepayers , and asset sales produced a ‘ once only ’ financial benefit ( as well as being politically unpalatable to many , notably Labour-controlled , authorities ) this was the perhaps inevitable response of local authorities seeking to free themselves from centrally-imposed borrowing restrictions ( as well as the high cost of borrowing after the mid-1970s ) .
while revenue contributions inevitably increased burdens upon ratepayers , and asset sales produced a ‘ once only ’ financial benefit ( as well as being politically unpalatable to many , notably labour-controlled , authorities ) this was the perhaps inevitable response of local authorities seeking to free themselves from centrally-imposed borrowing [limits] ( as well as the high cost of borrowing after the mid-1970s ) .

Likewise in the area of council housing the commission ( 1986 ) pointed to the crises of management and finance resulting partly from central government 's tighter restrictions on capital expenditure ( Gray and Jenkins , 1987 , pp .
likewise in the area of council housing the commission ( 1986 ) pointed to the crises of management and finance resulting partly from central government 's tighter [limits] on capital expenditure ( gray and jenkins , 1987 , pp .

The 1986 Local Government Act , for example , limited the ability of local authorities to spend money on publicity , while the 1988 Local Government Act imposed further restrictions professedly designed to stop the use of rates for party political propaganda .
the 1986 local government act , for example , limited the ability of local authorities to spend money on publicity , while the 1988 local government act imposed further [limits] professedly designed to stop the use of rates for party political propaganda .

There were almost no restrictions on the behaviour of the Kha-Khan elect , and his wilfulness was legend .
there were almost no [limits] on the behaviour of the kha-khan elect , and his wilfulness was legend .

Restrictions on trade were lifted but , due to the expropriation of Irish wealth , only Ulster — and Belfast in particular — was able to flourish under the Union .
[limits] on trade were lifted but , due to the expropriation of irish wealth , only ulster — and belfast in particular — was able to flourish under the union .

Tracking , curfews , electronic monitoring and weekend restrictions were suggested for use with new supervision and restriction orders .
tracking , curfews , electronic monitoring and weekend [limits] were suggested for use with new supervision and restriction orders .

The tournament was played over three rounds as a result of local government elections and the imposition of travel restrictions .
the tournament was played over three rounds as a result of local government elections and the imposition of travel [limits] .

restrictions in the availability of credit
[limits] in the availability of credit

The law against sex discrimination was strengthened by the Sex Discrimination Act of 1986 which removed the restrictions on the hours women could work , allowing both night work and shift work , and gave women the right to work until the same age as their male colleagues .
the law against sex discrimination was strengthened by the sex discrimination act of 1986 which removed the [limits] on the hours women could work , allowing both night work and shift work , and gave women the right to work until the same age as their male colleagues .

The Employment Act of 1989 further extended equal employment opportunities for women and removed restrictions on the types of employment available to them .
the employment act of 1989 further extended equal employment opportunities for women and removed [limits] on the types of employment available to them .

The suggestion is that the central core area should be absolutely sacrosanct with slightly less stringent restrictions as you spread outward .
the suggestion is that the central core area should be absolutely sacrosanct with slightly less stringent [limits] as you spread outward .

Tighter immigration controls , visa restrictions , a shrinking of the right of asylum , can not do more than reduce the rate of immigration .
tighter immigration controls , visa [limits] , a shrinking of the right of asylum , can not do more than reduce the rate of immigration .

In association with this trend , there was renewed attention to longstanding evidence on the effects of poverty on health , in association with government restrictions on the growth of Health Service spending . The effect of economic difficulties on health and health spending is debatable , but one conclusion was given as follows :
in association with this trend , there was renewed attention to longstanding evidence on the effects of poverty on health , in association with government [limits] on the growth of health service spending . the effect of economic difficulties on health and health spending is debatable , but one conclusion was given as follows :

Despite the restrictions placed on the Medical Department of the Local Government Board , investigations carried out by its research team into the aetiology of the major infectious diseases greatly enhanced its reputation .
despite the [limits] placed on the medical department of the local government board , investigations carried out by its research team into the aetiology of the major infectious diseases greatly enhanced its reputation .

Significantly ( in comparison with the advice for wartime Britain , and the new planning problem that was then urgently confronted ) suggestions for the planning of developed areas were cautious in the extreme and hedged about by restrictions due to liability to compensation .
significantly ( in comparison with the advice for wartime britain , and the new planning problem that was then urgently confronted ) suggestions for the planning of developed areas were cautious in the extreme and hedged about by [limits] due to liability to compensation .

National economic problems led to restrictions on capital expenditure , and in any case the sustained attack on the number of unfit dwellings had significantly reduced the scale of the problem .
national economic problems led to [limits] on capital expenditure , and in any case the sustained attack on the number of unfit dwellings had significantly reduced the scale of the problem .

New traffic management schemes were introduced , including an extension of one-way systems , restrictions over right-hand turns , and the no-entry box junction .
new traffic management schemes were introduced , including an extension of one-way systems , [limits] over right-hand turns , and the no-entry box junction .

Urban road construction took a back seat as new interest was shown in restrictions on existing road usage , possibilities of upgrading public transport ( as suggested by the introduction of the metro for Tyne-Wear ) , and policies on subsidized fares .
urban road construction took a back seat as new interest was shown in [limits] on existing road usage , possibilities of upgrading public transport ( as suggested by the introduction of the metro for tyne-wear ) , and policies on subsidized fares .

‘ It 's cheaper than experimenting on people , and there are far fewer risks and restrictions .
‘ it 's cheaper than experimenting on people , and there are far fewer risks and [limits] .

Like most of the early Darwinians , Huxley was also a liberal in his politics , determined to show that society could enjoy steady progress if only traditional restrictions on individual freedom were dismantled .
like most of the early darwinians , huxley was also a liberal in his politics , determined to show that society could enjoy steady progress if only traditional [limits] on individual freedom were dismantled .

Even in the remaining cases , the equipment is intended for use by experienced , single operators for specific purposes and with safety provisions designed for these conditions , including loading restrictions .
even in the remaining cases , the equipment is intended for use by experienced , single operators for specific purposes and with safety provisions designed for these conditions , including loading [limits] .

Ten years ago the price had fallen to perhaps $ 450 per font but the restrictions were much the same .
ten years ago the price had fallen to perhaps $ 450 per font but the [limits] were much the same .

The world complained about Adobe 's restrictions but all the major typesetter vendors realised that a single well defined and maintained standard was better than the previous chaos and so adopted Adobe 's PostScript .
the world complained about adobe 's [limits] but all the major typesetter vendors realised that a single well defined and maintained standard was better than the previous chaos and so adopted adobe 's postscript .

Two years ago the professionals poured scorn on the low-cost packages but now many of the restrictions have been overcome and newspapers , magazines and books are all being created with these and other packages .
two years ago the professionals poured scorn on the low-cost packages but now many of the [limits] have been overcome and newspapers , magazines and books are all being created with these and other packages .

While this argument holds true in an ideal world users are often subject to other considerations such as previously installed hardware , purchasing restrictions and a million and one other trivia of which that perennial bugbear ‘ compatibility ’ is possibly the most emotive .
while this argument holds true in an ideal world users are often subject to other considerations such as previously installed hardware , purchasing [limits] and a million and one other trivia of which that perennial bugbear ‘ compatibility ’ is possibly the most emotive .

‘ It is certainly the case that people in the same social class have many things in common — the same monopoly or lack of access a scarce resources , for example ; the same good or bad standards of housing ; the same access to , or restrictions on , educational opportunity ; the same shared experiences of comfort , travel , hardship or enjoyment .
‘ it is certainly the case that people in the same social class have many things in common — the same monopoly or lack of access a scarce resources , for example ; the same good or bad standards of housing ; the same access to , or [limits] on , educational opportunity ; the same shared experiences of comfort , travel , hardship or enjoyment .

Even middle management might be frustrated by the restrictions on their authority , the impersonal nature of their organisation , the inability to earn a just reward for their special efforts ( owing to the standardisation of pay and promotion procedures ) and the lack of information about aspects of the organisation which should influence their work .
even middle management might be frustrated by the [limits] on their authority , the impersonal nature of their organisation , the inability to earn a just reward for their special efforts ( owing to the standardisation of pay and promotion procedures ) and the lack of information about aspects of the organisation which should influence their work .

Wherever possible , jobs could be created at localities of most need , but a greater worker mobility than has been displayed in the past should be expected , and where it is not obtained , financial restrictions should be exerted to encourage fit , able but reluctant people to move from the old , worked-out pockets of industry to new opportunities elsewhere .
wherever possible , jobs could be created at localities of most need , but a greater worker mobility than has been displayed in the past should be expected , and where it is not obtained , financial [limits] should be exerted to encourage fit , able but reluctant people to move from the old , worked-out pockets of industry to new opportunities elsewhere .

While overtly and inevitably she accepts women 's subordinate position , there are strong undercurrents of resentment at the restrictions of marriage and at her lost prosperity .
while overtly and inevitably she accepts women 's subordinate position , there are strong undercurrents of resentment at the [limits] of marriage and at her lost prosperity .

He had to ensure the observation of military restrictions on the Germans , and advise on such matters as the stability and honesty of the new German rulers .
he had to ensure the observation of military [limits] on the germans , and advise on such matters as the stability and honesty of the new german rulers .

He became mayor for the first time in October 1261 and was reappointed in October 1262 , years in which the king dominated London , having thrown off the restrictions imposed on him by the Provisions of Oxford in 1258 .
he became mayor for the first time in october 1261 and was reappointed in october 1262 , years in which the king dominated london , having thrown off the [limits] imposed on him by the provisions of oxford in 1258 .

Shore significantly developed a style of playing by which the trumpet escaped from the restrictions of a purely military style and took its place in England as an orchestral instrument , so giving valuable stimulus to Henry Purcell [ q.v . ]
shore significantly developed a style of playing by which the trumpet escaped from the [limits] of a purely military style and took its place in england as an orchestral instrument , so giving valuable stimulus to henry purcell [ q.v . ]

As a writer , the quality , quantity , and character of Welch 's output was inevitably circumscribed by his relative immobility and the restrictions this placed on the acquisition of new material and experience .
as a writer , the quality , quantity , and character of welch 's output was inevitably circumscribed by his relative immobility and the [limits] this placed on the acquisition of new material and experience .

After the restrictions on the export of machinery were abolished in 1843 the firm achieved a dominant position in the world market , helped by the outstanding success of its imaginative displays at the Great Exhibition of 1851 .
after the [limits] on the export of machinery were abolished in 1843 the firm achieved a dominant position in the world market , helped by the outstanding success of its imaginative displays at the great exhibition of 1851 .

The Napoleonic war severely strained Anglo-American affairs , owing to the problems arising from a belligerent–neutral relationship , and Merry clashed with the Americans in defending the British impressment of seamen , and restrictions on neutral trade to colonial and blockaded ports .
the napoleonic war severely strained anglo-american affairs , owing to the problems arising from a belligerent–neutral relationship , and merry clashed with the americans in defending the british impressment of seamen , and [limits] on neutral trade to colonial and blockaded ports .

to restrictions placed on the authority of directors to allot shares at their whim and pleasure .
to [limits] placed on the authority of directors to allot shares at their whim and pleasure .

’ Hence today such schemes will rarely lead to the creation of a special class of share ; it is only in relation to their allotment , financing , and provision for re-purchase by the company or the trustees of the scheme that there will be special arrangements which the Act facilitates by exclusions from the normal restrictions on purchase of own shares and on the provision of finance by a company for the acquisition of its shares .
’ hence today such schemes will rarely lead to the creation of a special class of share ; it is only in relation to their allotment , financing , and provision for re-purchase by the company or the trustees of the scheme that there will be special arrangements which the act facilitates by exclusions from the normal [limits] on purchase of own shares and on the provision of finance by a company for the acquisition of its shares .

Registration can be confidently expected to occur in due course unless the company 's articles impose restrictions on the transferability of its shares .
registration can be confidently expected to occur in due course unless the company 's articles impose [limits] on the transferability of its shares .

If there are any restrictions , a purchaser should not pay until he is satisfied that he will be registered , for there is no implied warranty to that effect by the seller .
if there are any [limits] , a purchaser should not pay until he is satisfied that he will be registered , for there is no implied warranty to that effect by the seller .

Restrictions on transferability
[limits] on transferability

Of far greater practical importance are questions which may arise when the company 's articles of association impose restrictions on the freedom of transferability of its shares .
of far greater practical importance are questions which may arise when the company 's articles of association impose [limits] on the freedom of transferability of its shares .

In the case of an off-market transaction it may be of importance to determine the precise legal position of the transferor and transferee pending registration of the transfer which , if there are restrictions on transferability may never occur .
in the case of an off-market transaction it may be of importance to determine the precise legal position of the transferor and transferee pending registration of the transfer which , if there are [limits] on transferability may never occur .

If the shares are those if a listed company this anomalous position can be ended rapidly because , unless the shares are not fully paid , there will not be any restrictions on transferability and the personal representative will either obtain registration of himself or execute a transfer to a purchaser or to the beneficiaries .
if the shares are those if a listed company this anomalous position can be ended rapidly because , unless the shares are not fully paid , there will not be any [limits] on transferability and the personal representative will either obtain registration of himself or execute a transfer to a purchaser or to the beneficiaries .

As in the case of personal representatives , the company 's articles will probably provide that any restrictions on transferability apply on any application to be registered and to any transfer by him and these restrictions may handicap the trustee in obtaining the best price on a sale of the shares , particularly if the articles confer pre-emption rights .
as in the case of personal representatives , the company 's articles will probably provide that any [limits] on transferability apply on any application to be registered and to any transfer by him and these [limits] may handicap the trustee in obtaining the best price on a sale of the shares , particularly if the articles confer pre-emption rights .

Hence in practice there will be no problems arising from restrictions on transferability or from a company 's lien ; debentures will invariably provide that the money expressed to be secured will be paid , and that the debentures are transferable , free from any equities or claims between the company and the original or any intermediate holder .
hence in practice there will be no problems arising from [limits] on transferability or from a company 's lien ; debentures will invariably provide that the money expressed to be secured will be paid , and that the debentures are transferable , free from any equities or claims between the company and the original or any intermediate holder .

Such restrictions , which are quite common but strictly construed , limit the company 's actual authority to deal with its assets and accordingly remove the basis on which floating charges are postponed to later charges .
such [limits] , which are quite common but strictly construed , limit the company 's actual authority to deal with its assets and accordingly remove the basis on which floating charges are postponed to later charges .

It may perhaps be questioned whether such restrictions were necessary , since a procession is capable of causing disruption whatever the purpose of those organising it may happen to be .
it may perhaps be questioned whether such [limits] were necessary , since a procession is capable of causing disruption whatever the purpose of those organising it may happen to be .

But he must appoint a premier ( prime minister ) who is acceptable to the assembly and the assembly can , subject to restrictions , remove the government .
but he must appoint a premier ( prime minister ) who is acceptable to the assembly and the assembly can , subject to [limits] , remove the government .

In cases considered since Roe , the Supreme Court has generally shown more deference to congressional restrictions than to the states ' attempts to overturn Roe , for example it ruled that public funds may not be used for abortions whether therapeutic or non-therapeutic ( Harris v. McRae 1980 ) .
in cases considered since roe , the supreme court has generally shown more deference to congressional [limits] than to the states ' attempts to overturn roe , for example it ruled that public funds may not be used for abortions whether therapeutic or non-therapeutic ( harris v. mcrae 1980 ) .

The appointment of new and conservative judges in the later 1980s was seen as posing a threat to the basic rights enunciated in Roe , yet in Webster v. Reproductive Health Services ( 1989 ) and Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Casey ( 1992 ) the court condoned further restrictions being placed by the states on the circumstances under which women could obtain abortions , while refusing to decide directly to reverse the principles in Roe .
the appointment of new and conservative judges in the later 1980s was seen as posing a threat to the basic rights enunciated in roe , yet in webster v. reproductive health services ( 1989 ) and planned parenthood of southeastern pennsylvania v. casey ( 1992 ) the court condoned further [limits] being placed by the states on the circumstances under which women could obtain abortions , while refusing to decide directly to reverse the principles in roe .

‘ … a fiscal and accounting entity with self-balancing set of accounts recording cash and other financial resources together with all related liabilities and residual equities or balances and changes therein which are segregated for the purpose of carrying on specific activities or attaining certain objectives in accordance with special regulations , restrictions or limitations . ’
‘ … a fiscal and accounting entity with self-balancing set of accounts recording cash and other financial resources together with all related liabilities and residual equities or balances and changes therein which are segregated for the purpose of carrying on specific activities or attaining certain objectives in accordance with special regulations , [limits] or limitations . ’

There are many other examples of these kinds of restrictions on how specific monies paid into a local authority can be spent .
there are many other examples of these kinds of [limits] on how specific monies paid into a local authority can be spent .

In these circumstances the Soviet Union has pressed more recently for a more limited regime for the Gulf involving restrictions on the naval presence of the Great Powers in the region .
in these circumstances the soviet union has pressed more recently for a more limited regime for the gulf involving [limits] on the naval presence of the great powers in the region .

But Yugoslavia maintained restrictions which prevent the Soviet navy from coming ashore in Yugoslavia as it had in Egypt .
but yugoslavia maintained [limits] which prevent the soviet navy from coming ashore in yugoslavia as it had in egypt .

Other , more conventional courses have been faced with similar challenges and restrictions over the past decade .
other , more conventional courses have been faced with similar challenges and [limits] over the past decade .

The dead-meat trade increased in the 1860s as a result of restrictions on the movement of live cattle in order to control the spread of cattle plague .
the dead-meat trade increased in the 1860s as a result of [limits] on the movement of live cattle in order to control the spread of cattle plague .

Moreover , restrictions were placed upon these to ensure that they would be developed and not simply held by speculators .
moreover , [limits] were placed upon these to ensure that they would be developed and not simply held by speculators .

Further limitations were introduced in 1989 when considerable restrictions were placed on the use of the scheme for conveyancing and wills .
further limitations were introduced in 1989 when considerable [limits] were placed on the use of the scheme for conveyancing and wills .

’ This would involve identifying those who could satisfy criteria or competence and reliability , and encouraging them by removing some of the administrative restrictions now applying .
’ this would involve identifying those who could satisfy criteria or competence and reliability , and encouraging them by removing some of the administrative [limits] now applying .

Taking the first two restrictions , section 14 and Schedule 2 of the Legal Aid Act 1988 prescribe the courts and the proceedings for which representation is available .
taking the first two [limits] , section 14 and schedule 2 of the legal aid act 1988 prescribe the courts and the proceedings for which representation is available .

‘ All such rights , powers , liabilities , obligations and restrictions from time to time created or arising by or under the Treaties , and all such remedies and procedures from time to time provided for by or under the Treaties , as in accordance with the Treaties are without further enactment to be given legal effect or used in the United Kingdom shall be recognised and available in law , and be enforced , allowed and followed accordingly . ’
‘ all such rights , powers , liabilities , obligations and [limits] from time to time created or arising by or under the treaties , and all such remedies and procedures from time to time provided for by or under the treaties , as in accordance with the treaties are without further enactment to be given legal effect or used in the united kingdom shall be recognised and available in law , and be enforced , allowed and followed accordingly . ’

What is meant by quantitative restrictions and measures having equivalent effect in Article 30 of the Treaty has been the subject of a whole series of decisions of the European Court to which the attention of the Court of Appeal ought to have been drawn .
what is meant by quantitative [limits] and measures having equivalent effect in article 30 of the treaty has been the subject of a whole series of decisions of the european court to which the attention of the court of appeal ought to have been drawn .

The exclusive Community competence arising from the existence of Community legislation may be particularly illustrated with reference to restrictions on the free movement of goods .
the exclusive community competence arising from the existence of community legislation may be particularly illustrated with reference to [limits] on the free movement of goods .

While the intelligence community was specifically forbidden to compromise staff newsmen or to use media staff credentials as a cover for its agents , cutbacks and bureau closures had left most of the world 's press , radio and television dependent on local freelance reporters and cameramen , to whom the restrictions did not apply .
while the intelligence community was specifically forbidden to compromise staff newsmen or to use media staff credentials as a cover for its agents , cutbacks and bureau closures had left most of the world 's press , radio and television dependent on local freelance reporters and cameramen , to whom the [limits] did not apply .

If sexual assault convictions are rendered easier to acquire , because , for example , of restrictions on sexual history evidence , guilty pleas become more likely .
if sexual assault convictions are rendered easier to acquire , because , for example , of [limits] on sexual history evidence , guilty pleas become more likely .

the privatised companies have greater access to investment funds are not subject to the same financing restrictions as the public sector water industry
the privatised companies have greater access to investment funds are not subject to the same financing [limits] as the public sector water industry

If you wish to visit areas over which there are restrictions , check with the farmer or the water officer or other person responsible ; the Ranger Service will be able to advise you .
if you wish to visit areas over which there are [limits] , check with the farmer or the water officer or other person responsible ; the ranger service will be able to advise you .

In addition the proximity of the flight-path for the second runway at Edinburgh Airport placed stringent height restrictions on the form of this junction leading to the selection of a large surface-level roundabout .
in addition the proximity of the flight-path for the second runway at edinburgh airport placed stringent height [limits] on the form of this junction leading to the selection of a large surface-level roundabout .

The report suggested making finance available from current revenue expenditure or by the government lifting restrictions on borrowing for self-financing schemes such as water investment schemes , paid for by charges levied on consumers .
the report suggested making finance available from current revenue expenditure or by the government lifting [limits] on borrowing for self-financing schemes such as water investment schemes , paid for by charges levied on consumers .

Donkey Lane In answer to a letter sent by the chairman , the Department of Planning stated that no restrictions are placed on this road with regard to its use by horses .
donkey lane in answer to a letter sent by the chairman , the department of planning stated that no [limits] are placed on this road with regard to its use by horses .

Parking restrictions in Juniper Green .
parking [limits] in juniper green .

to the allotment of equity securities in connection with a rights issue in favour of shareholders where the equity securities respectively attributable to the interests of all shareholders are proportionate [ as nearly as may be ] to their holdings of such shares subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the directors may consider necessary or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements , statutory restrictions or legal or practical problems under or resulting from the application of the laws of any territory or the requirements of any recognised regulatory body or stock exchange in any territory ; and
to the allotment of equity securities in connection with a rights issue in favour of shareholders where the equity securities respectively attributable to the interests of all shareholders are proportionate [ as nearly as may be ] to their holdings of such shares subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the directors may consider necessary or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements , statutory [limits] or legal or practical problems under or resulting from the application of the laws of any territory or the requirements of any recognised regulatory body or stock exchange in any territory ; and

statutory restrictions on the use of child labour ,
statutory [limits] on the use of child labour ,

The flaw in this Act is the requirement on planning authorities to pay compensation for restrictions and revocations of existing minerals permissions , including IDOs .
the flaw in this act is the requirement on planning authorities to pay compensation for [limits] and revocations of existing minerals permissions , including idos .

The Secretaries of State could take powers under the Act to widen the circumstances under which such restrictions and revocations could be made without compensation , but they are extremely reluctant to face the wrath of the industry , for obvious reasons .
the secretaries of state could take powers under the act to widen the circumstances under which such [limits] and revocations could be made without compensation , but they are extremely reluctant to face the wrath of the industry , for obvious reasons .

Andrew was also looking at strategic issues , such as how the Russians are managing the environment themselves , what restrictions and demands the authorities will place on western companies , and what sort of help they require with rectifying the damage caused by earlier drilling and production operations .
andrew was also looking at strategic issues , such as how the russians are managing the environment themselves , what [limits] and demands the authorities will place on western companies , and what sort of help they require with rectifying the damage caused by earlier drilling and production operations .

Restrictions imposed on the slaughter and movement of 8,000 out of a total of 300,000 North Welsh sheep following fall-out from the Chernobyl disaster have been lifted .
[limits] imposed on the slaughter and movement of 8,000 out of a total of 300,000 north welsh sheep following fall-out from the chernobyl disaster have been lifted .

An appeal has been launched for government officials to improve their understanding of the importance of preserving nature , and to enforce local restrictions on the poaching , purchasing and smuggling of wildlife .
an appeal has been launched for government officials to improve their understanding of the importance of preserving nature , and to enforce local [limits] on the poaching , purchasing and smuggling of wildlife .

Severe restrictions have been imposed on the use of a fungicide used widely on fruit and vegetables since 1977 .
severe [limits] have been imposed on the use of a fungicide used widely on fruit and vegetables since 1977 .

Government proposals to relax planning restrictions on green belt areas around cities were put forward by Environment Secretary , Michael Heseltine , at a planning conference in the south-east .
government proposals to relax planning [limits] on green belt areas around cities were put forward by environment secretary , michael heseltine , at a planning conference in the south-east .

Generally speaking , instability thresholds are lower than in the quasi-Lorenz system , and the restrictions on decay rates less severe .
generally speaking , instability thresholds are lower than in the quasi-lorenz system , and the [limits] on decay rates less severe .

( There may be some different restrictions on usage here in different varieties of English , and there are also some interesting ambiguities ; see Chapter 2 below and Fillmore , 1975 . )
( there may be some different [limits] on usage here in different varieties of english , and there are also some interesting ambiguities ; see chapter 2 below and fillmore , 1975 . )

There are also in many languages forms reserved for authorized recipients , including restrictions on most titles of address ( Your Honour , Mr President , etc . )
there are also in many languages forms reserved for authorized recipients , including [limits] on most titles of address ( your honour , mr president , etc . )

Cases like the latter are usually termed diglossic Variants ( Ferguson , 1964 ) , although not everything so called has either the strict co-occurrence rules distinguishing levels or the restrictions in use that formal Tamil has .
cases like the latter are usually termed diglossic variants ( ferguson , 1964 ) , although not everything so called has either the strict co-occurrence rules distinguishing levels or the [limits] in use that formal tamil has .

It has raised water rates , adopted new restrictions on lawn-watering and landscaping , insisted on the use of low-flush toilets and halted the building of artificial lakes .
it has raised water rates , adopted new [limits] on lawn-watering and landscaping , insisted on the use of low-flush toilets and halted the building of artificial lakes .

Under the traffic restrictions , only taxis , buses , foreign cars and those carrying at least four people were permitted to travel in the central part of the city .
under the traffic [limits] , only taxis , buses , foreign cars and those carrying at least four people were permitted to travel in the central part of the city .

Sphinx Tours claims that it has lost revenue as a result of the campaign mounted by the Malta Ornithological Society , which succeeded in persuading the Egyptian government to place restrictions on the shooting of small birds .
sphinx tours claims that it has lost revenue as a result of the campaign mounted by the malta ornithological society , which succeeded in persuading the egyptian government to place [limits] on the shooting of small birds .

Dwelling on these restrictions , and all this wholesome , worthy advice , gives a very poor idea of how much fun the recipes are , and how tempting .
dwelling on these [limits] , and all this wholesome , worthy advice , gives a very poor idea of how much fun the recipes are , and how tempting .

The report concluded that restrictions on excessive trawling were urgently needed .
the report concluded that [limits] on excessive trawling were urgently needed .

Earlier plans drawn up by the Department of Energy contained references to fuel taxes , automobile restrictions , alternative energy initiatives and incentives for green investment .
earlier plans drawn up by the department of energy contained references to fuel taxes , automobile [limits] , alternative energy initiatives and incentives for green investment .

Pollution restrictions " eased to suit power industry "
pollution [limits] " eased to suit power industry "

Proposed restrictions on emissions of nitrogen oxides ( Nox ) from power stations have been watered down to meet the concerns of the newly-privatized electricity generating companies , claim environmentalists .
proposed [limits] on emissions of nitrogen oxides ( nox ) from power stations have been watered down to meet the concerns of the newly-privatized electricity generating companies , claim environmentalists .

The World Bank plan is likely to be opposed by the timber industry , which has close ties with numerous senior government officials , and by the Foreign Ministry , many of whose employees are alleged to profit by allowing logging restrictions to be ignored .
the world bank plan is likely to be opposed by the timber industry , which has close ties with numerous senior government officials , and by the foreign ministry , many of whose employees are alleged to profit by allowing logging [limits] to be ignored .

The system of `` Red Routes `` ( urban clearways with stringent parking restrictions ) , currently under trial in London , would be extended , after initial studies showed that it had proved successful in cutting journey times by up to 30 per cent .
the system of `` red routes `` ( urban clearways with stringent parking [limits] ) , currently under trial in london , would be extended , after initial studies showed that it had proved successful in cutting journey times by up to 30 per cent .

It has particular relevance to the timing restrictions on acquisitions of shares contained in Rule 5 of the City Code and to mandatory offers .
it has particular relevance to the timing [limits] on acquisitions of shares contained in rule 5 of the city code and to mandatory offers .

If together these amount to 30 per cent or more of the target 's voting rights there might be a breach of the timing restrictions contained in Rule 5 of the Code , or an obligation might be incurred to make a mandatory offer under Rule 9 .
if together these amount to 30 per cent or more of the target 's voting rights there might be a breach of the timing [limits] contained in rule 5 of the code , or an obligation might be incurred to make a mandatory offer under rule 9 .

( 2 ) Rule 35.2 provides that the restrictions in Rule 35.1 apply equally following a partial offer which could result in a holding of 30 per cent or more but not in excess of 50 per cent whether or not the offer has become , or been declared , wholly unconditional ( see 15.1 and 15.2 below ) .
( 2 ) rule 35.2 provides that the [limits] in rule 35.1 apply equally following a partial offer which could result in a holding of 30 per cent or more but not in excess of 50 per cent whether or not the offer has become , or been declared , wholly unconditional ( see 15.1 and 15.2 below ) .

Preference shares will usually rank ahead of ordinary shares for dividends and a return of capital but will have limited voting rights relating to such matters as variations of class rights , reductions of share capital , liquidation and amendment of borrowing restrictions .
preference shares will usually rank ahead of ordinary shares for dividends and a return of capital but will have limited voting rights relating to such matters as variations of class rights , reductions of share capital , liquidation and amendment of borrowing [limits] .

Note 1 to Rule 2.1 requires advisers to draw their clients ' attention to the provisions of the Code and to warn them in particular about the obligations of secrecy and restrictions on dealings .
note 1 to rule 2.1 requires advisers to draw their clients ' attention to the provisions of the code and to warn them in particular about the obligations of secrecy and [limits] on dealings .

1.18 " Restrictions " means all matters affecting the Site or the Premises or their use registered or capable of registration as local land charges and all notices charges orders resolutions demands proposals requirements regulations restrictions agreements directions or other matters affecting the Site the Premises or their use or affecting the Works served or made by any local or other competent authority or otherwise arising under any statute or any regulation or order made under any statute
1.18 " [limits] " means all matters affecting the site or the premises or their use registered or capable of registration as local land charges and all notices charges orders resolutions demands proposals requirements regulations [limits] agreements directions or other matters affecting the site the premises or their use or affecting the works served or made by any local or other competent authority or otherwise arising under any statute or any regulation or order made under any statute

2.2.2 in accordance with the terms of all Landlord 's Approvals and otherwise in compliance with all Restrictions and
2.2.2 in accordance with the terms of all landlord 's approvals and otherwise in compliance with all [limits] and

10 Restrictions
10 [limits]

10.1 The Premises shall be demised subject to all ( if any ) Restrictions affecting the Premises ( whether in existence at the date of this agreement or arising at any later date )
10.1 the premises shall be demised subject to all ( if any ) [limits] affecting the premises ( whether in existence at the date of this agreement or arising at any later date )

10.2 No representation is made or warranty given by the Landlord as to whether any Restrictions exist or as to the permitted use of the Site or the Premises for planning purposes
10.2 no representation is made or warranty given by the landlord as to whether any [limits] exist or as to the permitted use of the site or the premises for planning purposes

10.3 The Tenant acknowledges that [ its ] obligations under this agreement and the Lease shall not be affected or lessened in any way by the fact that there may now or subsequently exist any Restrictions and the Tenant shall with effect from the Possession Date comply with and indemnify the Landlord in respect of any liability under any Restrictions ( whether made before or after the Possession Date ) save in so far as such liability arises from failure by the Landlord to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 2.2.2 It need hardly be said that the tenant 's solicitor should make all usual inquiries to ascertain whether any such restrictions exist at the date of the agreement .
10.3 the tenant acknowledges that [ its ] obligations under this agreement and the lease shall not be affected or lessened in any way by the fact that there may now or subsequently exist any [limits] and the tenant shall with effect from the possession date comply with and indemnify the landlord in respect of any liability under any [limits] ( whether made before or after the possession date ) save in so far as such liability arises from failure by the landlord to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 2.2.2 it need hardly be said that the tenant 's solicitor should make all usual inquiries to ascertain whether any such [limits] exist at the date of the agreement .

It is understandable that leases of premises in shopping centres may contain restrictions on the opening hours of the premises either because of centralised heating and other services or because the main gates to the centre , or to the servicing facilities , are closed .
it is understandable that leases of premises in shopping centres may contain [limits] on the opening hours of the premises either because of centralised heating and other services or because the main gates to the centre , or to the servicing facilities , are closed .

The Landlord demises to the Tenant the Premises Together with the rights specified in the second Schedule but Excepting and reserving to the Landlord the rights specified in the third Schedule To hold the Premises to the Tenant for the Contractual Term Subject to all rights easements privileges restrictions covenants and stipulations of whatever nature affecting the Premises [ including the matters contained or referred to in the seventh Schedule ] Yielding and paying to the Landlord :
the landlord demises to the tenant the premises together with the rights specified in the second schedule but excepting and reserving to the landlord the rights specified in the third schedule to hold the premises to the tenant for the contractual term subject to all rights easements privileges [limits] covenants and stipulations of whatever nature affecting the premises [ including the matters contained or referred to in the seventh schedule ] yielding and paying to the landlord :

In the unlikely event that there are no restrictions in the lease prohibiting alienation , the tenant will be free to deal with the premises as it so wishes , whether by means of assignment , underletting , charge or otherwise .
in the unlikely event that there are no [limits] in the lease prohibiting alienation , the tenant will be free to deal with the premises as it so wishes , whether by means of assignment , underletting , charge or otherwise .

5.10 Nuisance etc and residential restrictions
5.10 nuisance etc and residential [limits]

If the clause is deleted , however , the landlord may argue for a covenant by the tenant to observe such restrictions to which the premises may be subject , with an indemnity for any breach .
if the clause is deleted , however , the landlord may argue for a covenant by the tenant to observe such [limits] to which the premises may be subject , with an indemnity for any breach .

In the case of an underlease the subtenant should always require right of the superior lease or leases to satisfy itself that there are no restrictions likely to affect the subtenant 's proposed use of the premises .
in the case of an underlease the subtenant should always require right of the superior lease or leases to satisfy itself that there are no [limits] likely to affect the subtenant 's proposed use of the premises .

1 Common law restrictions on exclusion clauses
1 common law [limits] on exclusion clauses

Talking of restrictions , it often happens that your client wants to develop a property that is subject to old restrictive covenants in a manner that would be a breach of covenant .
talking of [limits] , it often happens that your client wants to develop a property that is subject to old restrictive covenants in a manner that would be a breach of covenant .

The Law of Property Act 1925 s84 makes provision for application to the court in such a case to modify or discharge the restrictions , and now , under the Law of Property Act 1969 , similar powers are given to the Lands Tribunal on grounds that the restriction impedes a use of the land that would be reasonable .
the law of property act 1925 s84 makes provision for application to the court in such a case to modify or discharge the [limits] , and now , under the law of property act 1969 , similar powers are given to the lands tribunal on grounds that the restriction impedes a use of the land that would be reasonable .

If , on a sale of unregistered land , there is any personal obligation on the part of a seller-client to observe restrictions ( as , for example , where the seller is the original covenantor or has given a personal covenant to observe these ) , it is desirable to provide in the contract for a similar covenant indemnifying the seller against any future breach .
if , on a sale of unregistered land , there is any personal obligation on the part of a seller-client to observe [limits] ( as , for example , where the seller is the original covenantor or has given a personal covenant to observe these ) , it is desirable to provide in the contract for a similar covenant indemnifying the seller against any future breach .

But to avoid loading a title with a chain of such covenants , it is perhaps better draftsmanship , when first imposing restrictions , to provide that the owner for the time being shall be responsible only for breaches committed whilst he or she is such owner .
but to avoid loading a title with a chain of such covenants , it is perhaps better draftsmanship , when first imposing [limits] , to provide that the owner for the time being shall be responsible only for breaches committed whilst he or she is such owner .

In cases where a covenant must be imposed to observe existing restrictions , on behalf of a buyer always insert in the covenant such words as `` so far as the same affect the property hereby conveyed and are subsisting and capable of being enforced `` , because for one reason or another the odds are ten to one that nobody can legally enforce them ; but the case might be otherwise if you impose the restrictions afresh .
in cases where a covenant must be imposed to observe existing [limits] , on behalf of a buyer always insert in the covenant such words as `` so far as the same affect the property hereby conveyed and are subsisting and capable of being enforced `` , because for one reason or another the odds are ten to one that nobody can legally enforce them ; but the case might be otherwise if you impose the [limits] afresh .

Remember , too , when acting for a seller on a sale by auction to attend the sale itself to answer any questions that a prospective buyer may raise on the title or the special conditions — and be wary of the questioner who seeks to suggest that the title is faulty or that restrictions prohibit development , etc , in the hope of abating the bids offered .
remember , too , when acting for a seller on a sale by auction to attend the sale itself to answer any questions that a prospective buyer may raise on the title or the special conditions — and be wary of the questioner who seeks to suggest that the title is faulty or that [limits] prohibit development , etc , in the hope of abating the bids offered .

In any of these events , a special condition needs to be inserted in order to make it clear which restrictions the property is being sold subject to , and copies of any restrictive covenants should be supplied .
in any of these events , a special condition needs to be inserted in order to make it clear which [limits] the property is being sold subject to , and copies of any restrictive covenants should be supplied .

( 9 ) Restrictions .
( 9 ) [limits] .

It will be necessary to confirm that all restrictions have been observed and if they have not been observed , to confirm that consent to vary or discharge them has been forthcoming .
it will be necessary to confirm that all [limits] have been observed and if they have not been observed , to confirm that consent to vary or discharge them has been forthcoming .

( 7 ) Restrictions , covenants in leaseholds , etc .
( 7 ) [limits] , covenants in leaseholds , etc .

Provide for indemnity by buyer against breach of restrictions , covenants in lease , etc .
provide for indemnity by buyer against breach of [limits] , covenants in lease , etc .

( a ) What the Registers contain The three registers that make up the Entries on the Register — the Property Register , the Proprietorship Register and the Charges Register — contain the whole title of the registered proprietor including entries protective of the rights and interests of third parties by registration of notices , cautions , inhibitions and restrictions .
( a ) what the registers contain the three registers that make up the entries on the register — the property register , the proprietorship register and the charges register — contain the whole title of the registered proprietor including entries protective of the rights and interests of third parties by registration of notices , cautions , inhibitions and [limits] .

Restrictions are a warning that there is some restriction on the powers of dealing with a registered property by the registered proprietor ; eg by a tenant for life .
[limits] are a warning that there is some restriction on the powers of dealing with a registered property by the registered proprietor ; eg by a tenant for life .

It is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains restrictions , or the grant or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .
it is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains [limits] , or the grant or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .

11 . Notices , Cautions , Restrictions
11 . notices , cautions , [limits]

The virtues of this procedure , which does n't lengthen but in fact shortens your investigation , are as follows : ( a ) The actual investigation is simplified , as you do n't have to keep turning back an unwieldy abstract to see which documents contained restrictions , whether the seller named in one conveyance was the buyer named in the previous deed , etc .
the virtues of this procedure , which does n't lengthen but in fact shortens your investigation , are as follows : ( a ) the actual investigation is simplified , as you do n't have to keep turning back an unwieldy abstract to see which documents contained [limits] , whether the seller named in one conveyance was the buyer named in the previous deed , etc .

For example , if a deed includes restrictive covenants , enter `` restrictions `` on your notes , but then check with the contract whether or not these are disclosed , and if they are , tick it and mark `` disclosed by contract `` .
for example , if a deed includes restrictive covenants , enter `` [limits] `` on your notes , but then check with the contract whether or not these are disclosed , and if they are , tick it and mark `` disclosed by contract `` .

But make a full copy if the transfer is n't in the simplest form — if , for example , it contains restrictions or a grant or reservation of easements .
but make a full copy if the transfer is n't in the simplest form — if , for example , it contains [limits] or a grant or reservation of easements .

The buyer as well as the seller will often have documents to sign ; for example , if the transfer or other document contains covenants by the buyer ( to observe restrictions or to erect a fence , or on a joint purchase ) the document vesting the property in him , her or them will require execution .
the buyer as well as the seller will often have documents to sign ; for example , if the transfer or other document contains covenants by the buyer ( to observe [limits] or to erect a fence , or on a joint purchase ) the document vesting the property in him , her or them will require execution .

Normally , the doctrine of restraint of trade has no application to such restrictions : they require no justification .
normally , the doctrine of restraint of trade has no application to such [limits] : they require no justification .

However he went on in an important passage to say that if contractual restrictions appear to be unnecessary or to be reasonably capable of enforcement in an oppressive manner then they must be justified before they can be enforced .
however he went on in an important passage to say that if contractual [limits] appear to be unnecessary or to be reasonably capable of enforcement in an oppressive manner then they must be justified before they can be enforced .

It has long been recognised by the courts that the protection of business secrets is a legitimate ground for the imposition of restrictions on persons to whom such secrets have been disclosed .
it has long been recognised by the courts that the protection of business secrets is a legitimate ground for the imposition of [limits] on persons to whom such secrets have been disclosed .

Greater difficulties arise where the defendant comes by the information without notice of any restrictions on its disclosure .
greater difficulties arise where the defendant comes by the information without notice of any [limits] on its disclosure .

This part analyses the limits which the courts have placed on the freedom of an employee in the absence of express restrictive covenants and upon the ability of employers to restrain employees by contractual restrictions .
this part analyses the limits which the courts have placed on the freedom of an employee in the absence of express restrictive covenants and upon the ability of employers to restrain employees by contractual [limits] .

Some restrictions go too far in their precision and thus are judged unreasonable whilst others are struck down as being too imprecise and/or wide .
some [limits] go too far in their precision and thus are judged unreasonable whilst others are struck down as being too imprecise and/or wide .

To examine the extent to which such clauses are effective to exclude liability for breach of fiduciary duty , it is necessary to consider both restrictions imposed because of the fiduciary nature of the relationship and the common law and statutory restrictions which apply to all exclusion clauses .
to examine the extent to which such clauses are effective to exclude liability for breach of fiduciary duty , it is necessary to consider both [limits] imposed because of the fiduciary nature of the relationship and the common law and statutory [limits] which apply to all exclusion clauses .

Beyond this it is not clear whether it is subject to any restrictions other than those imposed by statute and common law on exclusion clauses generally .
beyond this it is not clear whether it is subject to any [limits] other than those imposed by statute and common law on exclusion clauses generally .

Beyond that , it is not clear whether any and , if so , what restrictions operate as a matter of fiduciary law to prevent firms from excluding or modifying their fiduciary duties , particular where no prior fiduciary relationship existed and the contract seeks to define the duties of the parties rather than explicitly exclude liability .
beyond that , it is not clear whether any and , if so , what [limits] operate as a matter of fiduciary law to prevent firms from excluding or modifying their fiduciary duties , particular where no prior fiduciary relationship existed and the contract seeks to define the duties of the parties rather than explicitly exclude liability .

Once it is determined that a particular exclusion clause is not invalidated under fiduciary law , it is then necessary to consider whether it is affected by the common law and statutory restrictions on exclusion clauses generally .
once it is determined that a particular exclusion clause is not invalidated under fiduciary law , it is then necessary to consider whether it is affected by the common law and statutory [limits] on exclusion clauses generally .

The independence of the guardian ad litem is vital and local authorities must not compromise this by imposing restrictions directly or indirectly on the manner in which the guardian carries out his duties .
the independence of the guardian ad litem is vital and local authorities must not compromise this by imposing [limits] directly or indirectly on the manner in which the guardian carries out his duties .

The court or the Secretary of State may waive reporting restrictions in individual cases for the benefit of the child .
the court or the secretary of state may waive reporting [limits] in individual cases for the benefit of the child .

Restrictions on the making of s8 orders
[limits] on the making of s8 orders

Conversely such restrictions may not apply to the desk broker back in the office , and will certainly not apply to non-member customers .
conversely such [limits] may not apply to the desk broker back in the office , and will certainly not apply to non-member customers .

Restrictions on liability
[limits] on liability

An amount which is still a matter for pride , if tinged with apprehension at the increasing number of unnecessary restrictions .
an amount which is still a matter for pride , if tinged with apprehension at the increasing number of unnecessary [limits] .

Despite these restrictions , there are six rules of fundamental importance in the day-to-day defence of public interest reporting .
despite these [limits] , there are six rules of fundamental importance in the day-to-day defence of public interest reporting .

Article 10 ( 2 ) sets out the qualifications in detail : `` The exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalities as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary . ``
article 10 ( 2 ) sets out the qualifications in detail : `` the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , [limits] or penalities as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary . ``

Breaches of restrictions on court reporting , for example , which carry fines of up to £2,000 , are not triable by jury .
breaches of [limits] on court reporting , for example , which carry fines of up to £2,000 , are not triable by jury .

Other restrictions are less justifiable : the routine exclusion of the media from `` in chambers `` hearings relating to property in divorce cases , to bail applications in Crown Courts , and to applications for injunctions and eviction orders in the Queen 's Bench Division of the High Court are breaches of the `` open justice `` principle which may in due course be struck down by the European Court of Human Rights .
other [limits] are less justifiable : the routine exclusion of the media from `` in chambers `` hearings relating to property in divorce cases , to bail applications in crown courts , and to applications for injunctions and eviction orders in the queen 's bench division of the high court are breaches of the `` open justice `` principle which may in due course be struck down by the european court of human rights .

Many of the criminal laws which affect the media — official secrets and prevention of terrorism , and most of the laws relating to contempt , reporting restrictions and obscenity — can not be invoked in the criminal courts by anyone except the Attorney-General or the Director of Public Prosecutions ( who works under the Attorney 's superintendence ) .
many of the criminal laws which affect the media — official secrets and prevention of terrorism , and most of the laws relating to contempt , reporting [limits] and obscenity — can not be invoked in the criminal courts by anyone except the attorney-general or the director of public prosecutions ( who works under the attorney 's superintendence ) .

Restrictions on press freedom , such as libel laws , must respond to a `` pressing social need `` and must be no wider than is `` necessary in a democratic society `` .
[limits] on press freedom , such as libel laws , must respond to a `` pressing social need `` and must be no wider than is `` necessary in a democratic society `` .

In 1986 , the European Court of Human Rights decided in Lingens v Austria that the Convention requires such restrictions to be relaxed in relation to criticism of public figures during political controversies : Lingens , a seasoned political commentator , published attacks on Bruno Kreisky , the President of the Austrian Socialist Party , accusing him of `` immorality `` and `` the basest opportunism `` for contemplating a political alliance with ex-Nazis .
in 1986 , the european court of human rights decided in lingens v austria that the convention requires such [limits] to be relaxed in relation to criticism of public figures during political controversies : lingens , a seasoned political commentator , published attacks on bruno kreisky , the president of the austrian socialist party , accusing him of `` immorality `` and `` the basest opportunism `` for contemplating a political alliance with ex-nazis .

( iii ) Most sheep graze throughout their lives so that pasture contamination with nematode eggs and the intake of infective larvae is almost continuous and modified only by climatic restrictions .
( iii ) most sheep graze throughout their lives so that pasture contamination with nematode eggs and the intake of infective larvae is almost continuous and modified only by climatic [limits] .

Palme Dutt and Pollitt , presenting a minority report to the Comintern Congress , argued that the Labour Party , by its restrictions on Communist membership , affiliation and cooperation , had transformed itself into a typical `` social fascist `` organisation .
palme dutt and pollitt , presenting a minority report to the comintern congress , argued that the labour party , by its [limits] on communist membership , affiliation and cooperation , had transformed itself into a typical `` social fascist `` organisation .

The National Executive had taken rigorous action , reimposing all restrictions imposed in 1936 .
the national executive had taken rigorous action , reimposing all [limits] imposed in 1936 .

‘ They will allow me to have a taste of what Ryan had the privilege of enjoying — albeit , ’ he added , smiling , ‘ with certain restrictions .
‘ they will allow me to have a taste of what ryan had the privilege of enjoying — albeit , ’ he added , smiling , ‘ with certain [limits] .

He was talking in riddles . ‘ Restrictions ? What restrictions ? ’
he was talking in riddles . ‘ [limits] ? what [limits] ? ’

What need is there for restrictions ?
what need is there for [limits] ?

However , certain restrictions can be imposed ( on the erection of buildings ) in the interest of amenity .
however , certain [limits] can be imposed ( on the erection of buildings ) in the interest of amenity .

It was accepted that these restrictions were necessary in the interests of the community , salus populi est suprema lex , and that private owners should be compelled to comply with them even at cost to themselves .
it was accepted that these [limits] were necessary in the interests of the community , salus populi est suprema lex , and that private owners should be compelled to comply with them even at cost to themselves .

All these restrictions , whether carrying a right to compensation or not , are imposed in the public interest , and the essence of the compensation problem as regards the imposition of restrictions appears to be this — at what point does the public interest become such that a private individual ought to be compelled on to comply , at his own cost , with a restriction or requirement designed to secure that public interest ? The history of the imposition of obligations without compensation has been to push that point progressively further on and to add to the list of requirements considered to be essential to the well-being of the community .
all these [limits] , whether carrying a right to compensation or not , are imposed in the public interest , and the essence of the compensation problem as regards the imposition of [limits] appears to be this — at what point does the public interest become such that a private individual ought to be compelled on to comply , at his own cost , with a restriction or requirement designed to secure that public interest ? the history of the imposition of obligations without compensation has been to push that point progressively further on and to add to the list of requirements considered to be essential to the well-being of the community .

But clearly there is a point beyond which restrictions can not reasonably be imposed on the grounds of good neighbourliness without payment of compensation — and ‘ general considerations of regional or national policy require so great a restriction on the landowner 's use of his land as to amount to a taking away from him of a proprietary interest in the land ’ .
but clearly there is a point beyond which [limits] can not reasonably be imposed on the grounds of good neighbourliness without payment of compensation — and ‘ general considerations of regional or national policy require so great a restriction on the landowner 's use of his land as to amount to a taking away from him of a proprietary interest in the land ’ .

all owners of land having a potential value can make a case for compensation on the assumption that their particular pieces of land would in fact be chosen for development if planning restrictions were not imposed .
all owners of land having a potential value can make a case for compensation on the assumption that their particular pieces of land would in fact be chosen for development if planning [limits] were not imposed .

Betterment had been conceived as ‘ any increase in the value of land ( including the buildings thereon ) arising from central or local government action , whether positive , for example by the execution of public works or improvements , or negative , for example by the imposition of restrictions on the other land ’ .
betterment had been conceived as ‘ any increase in the value of land ( including the buildings thereon ) arising from central or local government action , whether positive , for example by the execution of public works or improvements , or negative , for example by the imposition of [limits] on the other land ’ .

But , at the same time , if the main part of the planning system was to remain , some limit to the liability to compensation for planning restrictions was essential .
but , at the same time , if the main part of the planning system was to remain , some limit to the liability to compensation for planning [limits] was essential .

Otherwise effective planning controls would be prohibitively expensive : the cost of compensation for restrictions , if paid at the market value , would be crippling .
otherwise effective planning controls would be prohibitively expensive : the cost of compensation for [limits] , if paid at the market value , would be crippling .

Not only was the state 's liability for compensation limited , but it was to be paid only if and when the owner of land suffered from planning restrictions .
not only was the state 's liability for compensation limited , but it was to be paid only if and when the owner of land suffered from planning [limits] .

The 1932 Act had clearly established the principle that compensation should not be paid for restrictions imposed in the interest of ‘ good neighbourliness ’ and this principle was extended .
the 1932 act had clearly established the principle that compensation should not be paid for [limits] imposed in the interest of ‘ good neighbourliness ’ and this principle was extended .

No compensation was payable for refusal to allow a change in the use of a building ; or for restrictions regarding density , layout , construction , design , and so on ; or for refusal to permit development which would place an undue burden on the community ( for example , in the provision of services ) .
no compensation was payable for refusal to allow a change in the use of a building ; or for [limits] regarding density , layout , construction , design , and so on ; or for refusal to permit development which would place an undue burden on the community ( for example , in the provision of services ) .

Compensation both for planning restrictions ( in cases where a claim had been admitted ) and for compulsory purchase by public authorities was to be paid on the basis of existing use plus any admitted 1947 development value , but private sales would be at current market prices .
compensation both for planning [limits] ( in cases where a claim had been admitted ) and for compulsory purchase by public authorities was to be paid on the basis of existing use plus any admitted 1947 development value , but private sales would be at current market prices .

In the former case there were no restrictions and thus land changed hands at the full market price .
in the former case there were no [limits] and thus land changed hands at the full market price .

Thus , owners who were forced to sell their land to public authorities considered themselves to be very badly treated in comparison with those who were able to sell at the enhanced prices resulting in part from planning restrictions on other sites .
thus , owners who were forced to sell their land to public authorities considered themselves to be very badly treated in comparison with those who were able to sell at the enhanced prices resulting in part from planning [limits] on other sites .

Land which was sold could be made subject to restrictions and future development value could be reserved to the commission .
land which was sold could be made subject to [limits] and future development value could be reserved to the commission .

All such housing land was subject to crownhold restrictions or covenants .
all such housing land was subject to crownhold [limits] or covenants .

Parental control , relating to restrictions and rules for behaviour , was judged to be low when supervision was so negligent that the child was left more or less to do as she pleased .
parental control , relating to [limits] and rules for behaviour , was judged to be low when supervision was so negligent that the child was left more or less to do as she pleased .

Monetarists are opposed to this form of monetary control , arguing that banks , like any firm , ought to be free to compete in the market , free from government restrictions .
monetarists are opposed to this form of monetary control , arguing that banks , like any firm , ought to be free to compete in the market , free from government [limits] .

Sole practitioners themselves came out overwhelmingly against the imposition of further restrictions ( 86 % ) .
sole practitioners themselves came out overwhelmingly against the imposition of further [limits] ( 86 % ) .

Furthermore , the figure stated for ‘ no ’ , probably also includes a number of those who wanted restrictions placed on the traditional model of sole practice ( and therefore answered ‘ no ’ to question 1 ) but who did not necessarily agree with the particular restriction proposed in question 2 .
furthermore , the figure stated for ‘ no ’ , probably also includes a number of those who wanted [limits] placed on the traditional model of sole practice ( and therefore answered ‘ no ’ to question 1 ) but who did not necessarily agree with the particular restriction proposed in question 2 .

Secondly , the unique position of the sole practitioner in the network of legal services countrywide was often invoked to dampen enthusiasm for the imposition of restrictions on sole practice that might undermine its commercial viability .
secondly , the unique position of the sole practitioner in the network of legal services countrywide was often invoked to dampen enthusiasm for the imposition of [limits] on sole practice that might undermine its commercial viability .

b ) the possibility of significant restrictions being established on lenders ' conveyancing panels ;
b ) the possibility of significant [limits] being established on lenders ' conveyancing panels ;

e ) the practical difficulties in deciding on professional grounds which clients are subject to restrictions when claiming on the fund ;
e ) the practical difficulties in deciding on professional grounds which clients are subject to [limits] when claiming on the fund ;

Restrictions on silviculture in the tropics are most striking in the area of soil properties ; for example , the pisolites of parts of West Africa are some 10 m deep with no obvious horizons and , although trees grow well at first , they later collapse and the removal of the forest leads to desolation resembling a gravel pit .
[limits] on silviculture in the tropics are most striking in the area of soil properties ; for example , the pisolites of parts of west africa are some 10 m deep with no obvious horizons and , although trees grow well at first , they later collapse and the removal of the forest leads to desolation resembling a gravel pit .

Allegretto for Czerny ( and , arguably , Haydn ) seems subject to no such restrictions .
allegretto for czerny ( and , arguably , haydn ) seems subject to no such [limits] .

This Convention attempts to harmonise data protection legislation among the signatory states to remove the need for restrictions on the free flow of data between states on the grounds that personal data is not protected .
this convention attempts to harmonise data protection legislation among the signatory states to remove the need for [limits] on the free flow of data between states on the grounds that personal data is not protected .

Part ( 3 ) was introduced by the County Court ( Amendment No 2 ) Rules 1991 , which has also abolished the restrictions on the venue in hire-purchase and sale of goods instalment contracts in the case of any action commenced after 1 July 1991 .
part ( 3 ) was introduced by the county court ( amendment no 2 ) rules 1991 , which has also abolished the [limits] on the venue in hire-purchase and sale of goods instalment contracts in the case of any action commenced after 1 july 1991 .

The point of s 2 ( 3 ) is to spell out clearly the restrictions on the operation of the doctrine .
the point of s 2 ( 3 ) is to spell out clearly the [limits] on the operation of the doctrine .

It seems that those in favour of a change in the present restrictions have won the day ; for the repeal of s39 of the Solicitors Act was specifically designed to facilitate MDPs .
it seems that those in favour of a change in the present [limits] have won the day ; for the repeal of s39 of the solicitors act was specifically designed to facilitate mdps .

While individuals may be seeking : ( 1 ) freedom to advance their careers by moving on to other firms , but `` job security `` in the meanwhile ; ( 2 ) payment , on death or retirement , of the full value of their partnership shares ( including capital contributions , undrawn profits , goodwill etc ) ; and ( 3 ) upon death and/or retirement from practice , financial security for themselves and their families , the firm 's priorities in the interests of preserving profitability are likely to be concentrated on : ( 1 ) the need to impose restrictions on the freedom of partners to leave without adequate notice and/or thereafter to compete with the firm ; ( 2 ) the ability to remove from the firm any partner who has failed to meet proper professional standards who is disruptive or who is not seen to be pulling his weight ; and ( 3 ) the need to minimise the strain on the firm 's finances when a partner leaves whilst recognising a certain moral responsibility towards the family of a deceased partner .
while individuals may be seeking : ( 1 ) freedom to advance their careers by moving on to other firms , but `` job security `` in the meanwhile ; ( 2 ) payment , on death or retirement , of the full value of their partnership shares ( including capital contributions , undrawn profits , goodwill etc ) ; and ( 3 ) upon death and/or retirement from practice , financial security for themselves and their families , the firm 's priorities in the interests of preserving profitability are likely to be concentrated on : ( 1 ) the need to impose [limits] on the freedom of partners to leave without adequate notice and/or thereafter to compete with the firm ; ( 2 ) the ability to remove from the firm any partner who has failed to meet proper professional standards who is disruptive or who is not seen to be pulling his weight ; and ( 3 ) the need to minimise the strain on the firm 's finances when a partner leaves whilst recognising a certain moral responsibility towards the family of a deceased partner .

Having provided for the acquisition of an outgoing partner 's share , the partners must determine what restrictions should be put on him to prevent any action of his eroding the value of that share .
having provided for the acquisition of an outgoing partner 's share , the partners must determine what [limits] should be put on him to prevent any action of his eroding the value of that share .

Now , the restrictions have been swept aside .
now , the [limits] have been swept aside .

Leaving aside those equity partners who , exceptionally , are never obliged to put cash into the firm , as mentioned in Chapter 4 , the choice lies between : ( 1 ) seeking capital contributions when the new partner joins the firm , he borrowing the amount required as necessary ; or ( 2 ) allowing the new member of the firm to buy his way in over a period out of his profit share , appropriate restrictions on his drawings being imposed as `` security `` for the agreed payments .
leaving aside those equity partners who , exceptionally , are never obliged to put cash into the firm , as mentioned in chapter 4 , the choice lies between : ( 1 ) seeking capital contributions when the new partner joins the firm , he borrowing the amount required as necessary ; or ( 2 ) allowing the new member of the firm to buy his way in over a period out of his profit share , appropriate [limits] on his drawings being imposed as `` security `` for the agreed payments .

There may , however , be an argument for imposing restrictions on leaving in individual cases as a form of key man insurance .
there may , however , be an argument for imposing [limits] on leaving in individual cases as a form of key man insurance .

Such changes enabled junior partners to be taken on without initial capital contributions and to buy their way in effectively through restrictions on their drawings .
such changes enabled junior partners to be taken on without initial capital contributions and to buy their way in effectively through [limits] on their drawings .

Restrictions ( Clause 21 ) will commonly be sought in relation to four specific matters : ( 1 ) the nature of the work which it sought to prevent the outgoing partner from undertaking ; ( 2 ) the persons for whom it is sought to prevent the outgoing partner acting ; ( 3 ) the area over which the restrictions are to operate ; and ( 4 ) the solicitation of clients of the firm , whether directly by personal contact or indirectly by advertising .
[limits] ( clause 21 ) will commonly be sought in relation to four specific matters : ( 1 ) the nature of the work which it sought to prevent the outgoing partner from undertaking ; ( 2 ) the persons for whom it is sought to prevent the outgoing partner acting ; ( 3 ) the area over which the [limits] are to operate ; and ( 4 ) the solicitation of clients of the firm , whether directly by personal contact or indirectly by advertising .

The following might be regarded as excessive restrictions : ( 1 ) an attempt to prevent a qualified solicitor from setting up a specialist practice in a field in which his former firm has never before undertaken work and has no plans to start accepting instructions ; ( 2 ) an attempt to prevent an outgoing partner from accepting instructions from any person or firm ( whether or not a client or former client of his former firm ) within a prescribed area ; ( 3 ) a general area restraint where the outgoing partner 's former firm has its offices in a location where competition is already intense .
the following might be regarded as excessive [limits] : ( 1 ) an attempt to prevent a qualified solicitor from setting up a specialist practice in a field in which his former firm has never before undertaken work and has no plans to start accepting instructions ; ( 2 ) an attempt to prevent an outgoing partner from accepting instructions from any person or firm ( whether or not a client or former client of his former firm ) within a prescribed area ; ( 3 ) a general area restraint where the outgoing partner 's former firm has its offices in a location where competition is already intense .

Often enough , restrictions are imposed in terrorem so as to discourage the more blatant activities of the outgoing partner but with the realisation that to hold him to the letter of the restraint might well be impracticable .
often enough , [limits] are imposed in terrorem so as to discourage the more blatant activities of the outgoing partner but with the realisation that to hold him to the letter of the restraint might well be impracticable .

As a matter of good practice , where the parting of the ways is amicable , restrictions will often be waived or varied so as not to thwart the outgoing partner 's career advancement .
as a matter of good practice , where the parting of the ways is amicable , [limits] will often be waived or varied so as not to thwart the outgoing partner 's career advancement .

Where the departure follows upon some dispute , on the other hand , there will be a natural inclination to enforce the restrictions in full , but it should be remembered that they will only be binding upon the outgoing partner himself , not on third parties .
where the departure follows upon some dispute , on the other hand , there will be a natural inclination to enforce the [limits] in full , but it should be remembered that they will only be binding upon the outgoing partner himself , not on third parties .

The landlord will have no need to retain day-to-day control over it and any necessary restrictions can be imposed by covenant .
the landlord will have no need to retain day-to-day control over it and any necessary [limits] can be imposed by covenant .

Special restrictions on loading and unloading may be imposed .
special [limits] on loading and unloading may be imposed .

If further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . Example 2:13 Right to display advertisement permitted by regulations The right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the Town and Country Planning ( Control of Advertisements ) Regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof Example 2:14 Right to display advertisement in prescribed form The right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord
if further [limits] on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . example 2:13 right to display advertisement permitted by regulations the right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the town and country planning ( control of advertisements ) regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof example 2:14 right to display advertisement in prescribed form the right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord

Where the property is leasehold the purchaser may also require confirmation that the landlord 's title is satisfactory ; that appropriate consents for assignments have been obtained ; that there are no material breaches of covenant or restrictions in the lease ; and that the lease does not contain any unusual or objectionable covenant .
where the property is leasehold the purchaser may also require confirmation that the landlord 's title is satisfactory ; that appropriate consents for assignments have been obtained ; that there are no material breaches of covenant or [limits] in the lease ; and that the lease does not contain any unusual or objectionable covenant .

This provides that the option scheme shares must not be subject to restrictions other than restrictions attaching to all shares of the same class .
this provides that the option scheme shares must not be subject to [limits] other than [limits] attaching to all shares of the same class .

There will also be a number of obligations and restrictions imposed on the management and the shareholders , specifying matters which Newco will not be able to effect without the consent of the investors ' director ( s ) .
there will also be a number of obligations and [limits] imposed on the management and the shareholders , specifying matters which newco will not be able to effect without the consent of the investors ' director ( s ) .

In such a situation the agreement should allow for the introduction of new investors with a view to ensuring that the warranties and undertakings given , and restrictions imposed , for the benefit of the initial investor apply also for the benefit of the new investors .
in such a situation the agreement should allow for the introduction of new investors with a view to ensuring that the warranties and undertakings given , and [limits] imposed , for the benefit of the initial investor apply also for the benefit of the new investors .

Subject to the importance of the property assets as part of the business acquisition , it is advisable that the purchaser 's solicitors carry out a full investigation of title to establish that the purchaser will acquire the property assets free from any adverse encumbrances , obligations or restrictions .
subject to the importance of the property assets as part of the business acquisition , it is advisable that the purchaser 's solicitors carry out a full investigation of title to establish that the purchaser will acquire the property assets free from any adverse encumbrances , obligations or [limits] .

The matters to be covered by enquiries are as follows : Title details — whether the property is freehold or leasehold ; ownership of boundary walls and fences ; details of any disputes affecting the property ; details of any disputes with owners of adjoining properties ; details of notices received ; details of services available to the property ; details of access and shared facilities ; details of encumbrances , covenants or restrictions affecting the property ; planning/rating .
the matters to be covered by enquiries are as follows : title details — whether the property is freehold or leasehold ; ownership of boundary walls and fences ; details of any disputes affecting the property ; details of any disputes with owners of adjoining properties ; details of notices received ; details of services available to the property ; details of access and shared facilities ; details of encumbrances , covenants or [limits] affecting the property ; planning/rating .

Similar restrictions will often be contained in the articles of association of the relevant company ( see page 18 ) .
similar [limits] will often be contained in the articles of association of the relevant company ( see page 18 ) .

Nearly all leases contain restrictions against alienation restricting the circumstances in which the lessee ( the vendor ) may assign , sub-let or share occupation of the property .
nearly all leases contain [limits] against alienation restricting the circumstances in which the lessee ( the vendor ) may assign , sub-let or share occupation of the property .

However , change in control restrictions may also apply on a share sale .
however , change in control [limits] may also apply on a share sale .

Common restrictions
common [limits]

When there is a delay between exchange of contracts and completion , the asset sale agreement will often contain restrictions on the vendor to protect the purchaser during the interim period .
when there is a delay between exchange of contracts and completion , the asset sale agreement will often contain [limits] on the vendor to protect the purchaser during the interim period .

Once an agreement has been registered in the register of restrictive agreements ( which is open to public inspection ) , the Director General may refer it to the Restrictive Practices Court for a decision on whether the restrictions it contains are contrary to the public interest .
once an agreement has been registered in the register of restrictive agreements ( which is open to public inspection ) , the director general may refer it to the restrictive practices court for a decision on whether the [limits] it contains are contrary to the public interest .

Article 85 ( 1 ) does not apply to total or partial concentrations as such unless they contain clauses giving rise to restrictions on competition .
article 85 ( 1 ) does not apply to total or partial concentrations as such unless they contain clauses giving rise to [limits] on competition .

The two negative requirements are that the agreement must not impose on the undertakings concerned restrictions which are not indispensable to the attainment of the first two criteria and that it must not afford the undertakings concerned the possibility of eliminating competition in respect of a substantial part of the products in question .
the two negative requirements are that the agreement must not impose on the undertakings concerned [limits] which are not indispensable to the attainment of the first two criteria and that it must not afford the undertakings concerned the possibility of eliminating competition in respect of a substantial part of the products in question .

The vendor will also wish to impose restrictions on the ability of the purchaser to extract dividends or to levy management charges and revalue assets .
the vendor will also wish to impose [limits] on the ability of the purchaser to extract dividends or to levy management charges and revalue assets .

Perhaps most importantly the vendor should remember that the value of the consideration shares can go down as well as up and the purchaser may require the vendor to agree to restrictions on the manner and timing of subsequent sales of the shares by the vendor .
perhaps most importantly the vendor should remember that the value of the consideration shares can go down as well as up and the purchaser may require the vendor to agree to [limits] on the manner and timing of subsequent sales of the shares by the vendor .

As a general rule a restrictive covenant restricts competition and is presumed to be void and unenforceable because such restrictions are contrary to public policy .
as a general rule a restrictive covenant restricts competition and is presumed to be void and unenforceable because such [limits] are contrary to public policy .

The main areas to be considered in determining reasonableness tend to be the restrictions on business activities , the territorial extent of the restrictions and the duration of the restrictions .
the main areas to be considered in determining reasonableness tend to be the [limits] on business activities , the territorial extent of the [limits] and the duration of the [limits] .

As to the duration of the restrictions , what constitutes a reasonable period depends largely on the nature of the business sold .
as to the duration of the [limits] , what constitutes a reasonable period depends largely on the nature of the business sold .

The purchaser should ensure that it is not restricted from issuing notices of assignment by any of the announcement or confidentiality restrictions in the sale and purchase agreement .
the purchaser should ensure that it is not restricted from issuing notices of assignment by any of the announcement or confidentiality [limits] in the sale and purchase agreement .

Among recent conditions imposed were restrictions on drilling activity at a time when seabirds were moulting or mating .
among recent conditions imposed were [limits] on drilling activity at a time when seabirds were moulting or mating .

The original draft , initiated by the United States and Russia , called for more severe restrictions , but these were opposed by Japan .
the original draft , initiated by the united states and russia , called for more severe [limits] , but these were opposed by japan .

The Water Services Association , which represents the 10 regional water companies , has warned that , barring unusually heavy rain , hosepipe bans and more severe restrictions are likely to be introduced in many areas in the coming summer .
the water services association , which represents the 10 regional water companies , has warned that , barring unusually heavy rain , hosepipe bans and more severe [limits] are likely to be introduced in many areas in the coming summer .

Under the new Traffic Calming Act , local authorities have been granted the right to introduce wide-ranging restrictions on urban roads , including speed limits of 20 mph ( as opposed to the present standard minimum of 30 mph ) .
under the new traffic calming act , local authorities have been granted the right to introduce wide-ranging [limits] on urban roads , including speed limits of 20 mph ( as opposed to the present standard minimum of 30 mph ) .

By the time communism collapsed in East Germany in 1989 , wolves were virtually extinct , but since unification hunting restrictions have been introduced .
by the time communism collapsed in east germany in 1989 , wolves were virtually extinct , but since unification hunting [limits] have been introduced .

The new restrictions have been triggered by further studies of survivors of the Hiroshima explosion , which have revealed that long-term radiation hazards may be more serious than previously thought .
the new [limits] have been triggered by further studies of survivors of the hiroshima explosion , which have revealed that long-term radiation hazards may be more serious than previously thought .

No restrictions will be imposed on sales of French electricity .
no [limits] will be imposed on sales of french electricity .

They include a new law requiring better insulation ( which is expected to reduce heating fuel consumption by 30 per cent by the year 2000 ) , restrictions on the use of fertiliser , and financial incentives for small businesses to adopt energy-efficient technologies .
they include a new law requiring better insulation ( which is expected to reduce heating fuel consumption by 30 per cent by the year 2000 ) , [limits] on the use of fertiliser , and financial incentives for small businesses to adopt energy-efficient technologies .

The Nepalese government , which derives significant amounts of revenue from Everest expeditions in particular , is opposed to restrictions , arguing instead that the management of expeditions needs to be improved .
the nepalese government , which derives significant amounts of revenue from everest expeditions in particular , is opposed to [limits] , arguing instead that the management of expeditions needs to be improved .

France announces water restrictions
france announces water [limits]

( Thus far , sixteen out of 96 departments have introduced water restrictions . )
( thus far , sixteen out of 96 departments have introduced water [limits] . )

The Vietnamese government has announced new restrictions on logging .
the vietnamese government has announced new [limits] on logging .

The agreement provides for restrictions on the killing or capture of bats ; the reduction of the use of pesticides and timber treatments which harm bats ; the identification and protection of important bat habitats ; and the co-ordination of research on bat conservation .
the agreement provides for [limits] on the killing or capture of bats ; the reduction of the use of pesticides and timber treatments which harm bats ; the identification and protection of important bat habitats ; and the co-ordination of research on bat conservation .

The exception is Singapore , where the catalysts ' effect will be reinforced by existing restrictions on traffic density , principally achieved through limiting the number of new car registrations .
the exception is singapore , where the catalysts ' effect will be reinforced by existing [limits] on traffic density , principally achieved through limiting the number of new car registrations .

As long as expenditure can not be said to apply in support of specific candidates , national party campaigns do not fall foul of the election finance restrictions .
as long as expenditure can not be said to apply in support of specific candidates , national party campaigns do not fall foul of the election finance [limits] .

It was hard for an English girl to get a secretarial job in New York these days — she had been lucky in getting her work permit before the restrictions were so stringent — but maybe one day the conditions would change and there would be more work permits available .
it was hard for an english girl to get a secretarial job in new york these days — she had been lucky in getting her work permit before the [limits] were so stringent — but maybe one day the conditions would change and there would be more work permits available .

The trilobites in the ancient seas escaped its restrictions by moulting .
the trilobites in the ancient seas escaped its [limits] by moulting .

Workplaces continued to get ever more choked up , not just by strikes , but by restrictions on who was allowed to do what , a refusal to adopt new technology , and so on .
workplaces continued to get ever more choked up , not just by strikes , but by [limits] on who was allowed to do what , a refusal to adopt new technology , and so on .

Given that we do want to study children 's capacities in a purely verbal medium we therefore need a medium which is essentially verbal but without artificial restrictions .
given that we do want to study children 's capacities in a purely verbal medium we therefore need a medium which is essentially verbal but without artificial [limits] .

Only a small amount of money could be taken out of the country because of post-war restrictions and , as this was a personal rather than a business trip , he was forced to prepare lectures from which he could earn income while he was away .
only a small amount of money could be taken out of the country because of post-war [limits] and , as this was a personal rather than a business trip , he was forced to prepare lectures from which he could earn income while he was away .

The restrictions of office life might have formed a permanent barrier to any expression of their feelings for each other , but their relationship had grown appreciably closer when they had both stayed for part of one summer at the home of a friend , Margaret Behrens , in Mentone — although even here Valerie Fletcher still called him `` Mr Eliot `` .
the [limits] of office life might have formed a permanent barrier to any expression of their feelings for each other , but their relationship had grown appreciably closer when they had both stayed for part of one summer at the home of a friend , margaret behrens , in mentone — although even here valerie fletcher still called him `` mr eliot `` .

It was this Washington Department which enforced the restrictions on strategic exports to the Soviet Union and its friends .
it was this washington department which enforced the [limits] on strategic exports to the soviet union and its friends .

The restrictions of international procedures may inhibit the realisation of third party claims , and hence the development of substantive law .
the [limits] of international procedures may inhibit the realisation of third party claims , and hence the development of substantive law .

This was the case in the dispute arising out of the restrictions Egypt imposed in 1951 upon Israeli shipping in the Suez Canal .
this was the case in the dispute arising out of the [limits] egypt imposed in 1951 upon israeli shipping in the suez canal .

As early as 1917 Roxburgh demonstrated that many municipal legal systems had developed devices to avoid the restrictions and inconveniences caused by a rigid adherence to the analogous rule that contracts bind only parties to them , a process that continues .
as early as 1917 roxburgh demonstrated that many municipal legal systems had developed devices to avoid the [limits] and inconveniences caused by a rigid adherence to the analogous rule that contracts bind only parties to them , a process that continues .

Equally , once it has assented , may a third party withdraw its assent without notice , or is it bound by the restrictions on unilateral termination of treaties ?
equally , once it has assented , may a third party withdraw its assent without notice , or is it bound by the [limits] on unilateral termination of treaties ?

The distinction that was drawn by the Court between the norm-creating character of Articles 1 and 2 , as opposed to Article 6 , rested upon the nature of these Articles as well as the restrictions upon making reservations to the former .
the distinction that was drawn by the court between the norm-creating character of articles 1 and 2 , as opposed to article 6 , rested upon the nature of these articles as well as the [limits] upon making reservations to the former .

Roxburgh 's conclusions as to consequences can not be sustained today in light of the United Nations Charter restrictions upon the use of force and intervention .
roxburgh 's conclusions as to consequences can not be sustained today in light of the united nations charter [limits] upon the use of force and intervention .

Municipal legal restrictions upon a State 's treaty-making powers can not support a claim of treaty invalidity unless the domestic restrictions are manifest and concern an internal law of fundamental importance .
municipal legal [limits] upon a state 's treaty-making powers can not support a claim of treaty invalidity unless the domestic [limits] are manifest and concern an internal law of fundamental importance .

If nevertheless a treaty is concluded , the third party to the earlier treaty can not claim that it was unaware of the restrictions .
if nevertheless a treaty is concluded , the third party to the earlier treaty can not claim that it was unaware of the [limits] .

In a regional context restrictions seem more readily justified , but in this case it must be remembered that Costa Rica 's rights had been accepted by Nicaragua in a treaty .
in a regional context [limits] seem more readily justified , but in this case it must be remembered that costa rica 's rights had been accepted by nicaragua in a treaty .

In Oscar Chinn Judge Schucking thought that parties to a treaty which had placed restrictions upon conflicting treaties concluded by less than the full complement of parties to the former treaty , could regard as invalid a subsequent treaty concluded by a minority to the first treaty .
in oscar chinn judge schucking thought that parties to a treaty which had placed [limits] upon conflicting treaties concluded by less than the full complement of parties to the former treaty , could regard as invalid a subsequent treaty concluded by a minority to the first treaty .

Membership of an organisation necessitates voluntary restrictions upon the sovereign powers of States which can only be to the extent accepted by the members through the express or implied terms of the treaty .
membership of an organisation necessitates voluntary [limits] upon the sovereign powers of states which can only be to the extent accepted by the members through the express or implied terms of the treaty .

In one case the opinion was expressed that the foreign affairs powers of the President are extra-constitutional , resting upon the international sovereign status of the United States and the necessity for that country to be able to perform effectively in foreign relations , uninhibited by domestic legal restrictions .
in one case the opinion was expressed that the foreign affairs powers of the president are extra-constitutional , resting upon the international sovereign status of the united states and the necessity for that country to be able to perform effectively in foreign relations , uninhibited by domestic legal [limits] .

The restrictions are entrenched by the requirement that any agreement authorising such activities must be approved by ‘ not less than three-fourths ( ¾ ) of the votes cast in such referendum .
the [limits] are entrenched by the requirement that any agreement authorising such activities must be approved by ‘ not less than three-fourths ( ¾ ) of the votes cast in such referendum .

If both partners aim at satisfaction of the other and of themselves , if both recognise that sex is not always at its peak of pleasure for both or either of them , if neither makes undue demands on partner or self ( while not imposing undue restrictions ) , if both can enjoy sexual congress free from circumstances which impose anxiety or guilt , little can go wrong .
if both partners aim at satisfaction of the other and of themselves , if both recognise that sex is not always at its peak of pleasure for both or either of them , if neither makes undue demands on partner or self ( while not imposing undue [limits] ) , if both can enjoy sexual congress free from circumstances which impose anxiety or guilt , little can go wrong .

Now equally of course organization can stultify progress , enmesh teachers and students alike in a nightmare of regulations and restrictions , tie up materials and equipment that could otherwise be productively used , and generally contribute more to the personal empires of individuals than to liberation of either teachers or students .
now equally of course organization can stultify progress , enmesh teachers and students alike in a nightmare of regulations and [limits] , tie up materials and equipment that could otherwise be productively used , and generally contribute more to the personal empires of individuals than to liberation of either teachers or students .

Somewhere up in the clouds there is a faceless organization man who menaces people with punitive restrictions , stifling rule-books , unyielding systems and incomprehensible decisions .
somewhere up in the clouds there is a faceless organization man who menaces people with punitive [limits] , stifling rule-books , unyielding systems and incomprehensible decisions .

The goal , therefore , is to work out a theoretical framework of communication ethics which can be related to the formation of policies in different cultural and political settings , concentrating , as noted above , on the positive aspects of ethical norms and motivations rather than negative restrictions .
the goal , therefore , is to work out a theoretical framework of communication ethics which can be related to the formation of policies in different cultural and political settings , concentrating , as noted above , on the positive aspects of ethical norms and motivations rather than negative [limits] .

‘ In their work overseas , for example , the North American churches emphasise the need to respect other cultures , but in their own back yard , the oppression , restrictions and lack of communication continue , ’ he said .
‘ in their work overseas , for example , the north american churches emphasise the need to respect other cultures , but in their own back yard , the oppression , [limits] and lack of communication continue , ’ he said .

Are there any restrictions on who may be a representative and who may be represented ?
are there any [limits] on who may be a representative and who may be represented ?

In Bourgoin v. Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food the plaintiff sought damages from the Ministry for an alleged breach of Article 30 of the Treaty of Rome which prohibits Member States imposing ‘ quantitative restrictions on imports ’ from other Member States .
in bourgoin v. ministry of agriculture , fisheries and food the plaintiff sought damages from the ministry for an alleged breach of article 30 of the treaty of rome which prohibits member states imposing ‘ quantitative [limits] on imports ’ from other member states .

On the other hand , it could be argued that the procedural restrictions of Ord .
on the other hand , it could be argued that the procedural [limits] of ord .

It has often been said that because of the restrictions on discovery , interrogatories and cross-examination under Ord .
it has often been said that because of the [limits] on discovery , interrogatories and cross-examination under ord .

More generally , there is no direct correlation between the reasons for the procedural restrictions of Ord .
more generally , there is no direct correlation between the reasons for the procedural [limits] of ord .

As President and Vice President , we will defend freedom of speech and artistic expression by opposing censorship or ‘ content restrictions ’ on grants made by the National Endowment for the Arts .
as president and vice president , we will defend freedom of speech and artistic expression by opposing censorship or ‘ content [limits] ’ on grants made by the national endowment for the arts .

This course tries to experiment by lifting these restrictions and asking when other elements are permitted to define the form that experience takes .
this course tries to experiment by lifting these [limits] and asking when other elements are permitted to define the form that experience takes .

We have discussed , reflected and considered on the one hand , the impact of the lack of democracy and respect for human rights in our countries , and on the other , the restrictions of the free flow of information and access to media whereby the majority of African peoples are deprived of opportunities for self expression and full participation in the development process and nation building .
we have discussed , reflected and considered on the one hand , the impact of the lack of democracy and respect for human rights in our countries , and on the other , the [limits] of the free flow of information and access to media whereby the majority of african peoples are deprived of opportunities for self expression and full participation in the development process and nation building .

Due to the restrictions imposed by the airlines and the railways , we regret that it is not possible for passengers to take their own bikes .
due to the [limits] imposed by the airlines and the railways , we regret that it is not possible for passengers to take their own bikes .

‘ The Ministry of the Interior , which has overall responsibility for German museums , has never tried to tell us what to do ; the only restrictions on our activities have been financial ’ .
‘ the ministry of the interior , which has overall responsibility for german museums , has never tried to tell us what to do ; the only [limits] on our activities have been financial ’ .

When import restrictions become less onerous he felt it was not unlikely that an important Indian piece consigned in London would be sent by Sotheby 's to India for sale .
when import [limits] become less onerous he felt it was not unlikely that an important indian piece consigned in london would be sent by sotheby 's to india for sale .

Notwithstanding his attempts to appease conservative critics , Mr Frohnmayer 's aversion to placing any restrictions on artistic freedom was increasingly apparent .
notwithstanding his attempts to appease conservative critics , mr frohnmayer 's aversion to placing any [limits] on artistic freedom was increasingly apparent .

It is also stipulated in the agreement that the only works of art that may not be transferred to Bilbao from New York are those that are subject to American legal restrictions , or works that are too fragile to travel .
it is also stipulated in the agreement that the only works of art that may not be transferred to bilbao from new york are those that are subject to american legal [limits] , or works that are too fragile to travel .

Notwithstanding these restrictions , Basque officials are confident that the quality of the art works that will be transferred to Bilbao will be guaranteed by clauses in the agreement , and by the fact that , due to a lack of space in the New York Museum , only about one-seventh of the total Solomon Guggenheim collection can ever be exhibited there at any one time .
notwithstanding these [limits] , basque officials are confident that the quality of the art works that will be transferred to bilbao will be guaranteed by clauses in the agreement , and by the fact that , due to a lack of space in the new york museum , only about one-seventh of the total solomon guggenheim collection can ever be exhibited there at any one time .

Thompson reflected , ‘ Right now Hong Kong provides three ingredients for a healthy market : first , its central location ; second , the absence of import and export restrictions ; and third , the lack of restrictions on the transfer of money .
thompson reflected , ‘ right now hong kong provides three ingredients for a healthy market : first , its central location ; second , the absence of import and export [limits] ; and third , the lack of [limits] on the transfer of money .

7 Any restrictions governing publication , such as the correct acknowledgement .
7 any [limits] governing publication , such as the correct acknowledgement .

For sharing Self-contained houses/flats without landlords on the premises are usually the most popular because of relative lack of restrictions , and the ability to choose sharers .
for sharing self-contained houses/flats without landlords on the premises are usually the most popular because of relative lack of [limits] , and the ability to choose sharers .

Lodgings/digs These are generally unpopular with most students because of cost , set meal times and general restrictions — such as the number of baths allowed — and the times by which you are expected to be home and in bed !
lodgings/digs these are generally unpopular with most students because of cost , set meal times and general [limits] — such as the number of baths allowed — and the times by which you are expected to be home and in bed !

Many students choose a college some way from home precisely to get away from such domestic restrictions .
many students choose a college some way from home precisely to get away from such domestic [limits] .

The rigours of their existence place severe restrictions on the kind of rugs that can be made .
the rigours of their existence place severe [limits] on the kind of rugs that can be made .

Regulation here is taken as meaning control of an industrial activity by government , in the sense of actions such as restrictions on firms entering the industry , constraints on firms actually in the industry , or both .
regulation here is taken as meaning control of an industrial activity by government , in the sense of actions such as [limits] on firms entering the industry , constraints on firms actually in the industry , or both .

Furthermore , earlier systems were constrained by hardware restrictions such as a lack of available memory , which would then restrict the size of the vocabulary .
furthermore , earlier systems were constrained by hardware [limits] such as a lack of available memory , which would then restrict the size of the vocabulary .

Attempts to perform automated semantic analysis by means of the selectional restrictions provided by semantic features have almost universally exposed the theory as being crude and inefficient . At the simplest level , semantic features may help identify correct word senses in sentences such as : John hit the post with a ball
attempts to perform automated semantic analysis by means of the selectional [limits] provided by semantic features have almost universally exposed the theory as being crude and inefficient . at the simplest level , semantic features may help identify correct word senses in sentences such as : john hit the post with a ball

For a verb such as ’ collide ’ , all that is specified by the case restrictions is that the object case can be any inanimate entity .
for a verb such as ’ collide ’ , all that is specified by the case [limits] is that the object case can be any inanimate entity .

The case roles have been modified since Fillmore 's original definition to include restrictions such as these , but the restriction lists grow to an interminable length and the technique is still unable to recognise that two expressions ( e.g .
the case roles have been modified since fillmore 's original definition to include [limits] such as these , but the restriction lists grow to an interminable length and the technique is still unable to recognise that two expressions ( e.g .

— in which the syntactic kernel is semantically a hypernym of the entry word , with pre- and post-modifiers expressing restrictions on the extension of the hypernym ;
— in which the syntactic kernel is semantically a hypernym of the entry word , with pre- and post-modifiers expressing [limits] on the extension of the hypernym ;

— all semantic information is expressed by just one word ( no need for modifiers or other restrictions ) ;
— all semantic information is expressed by just one word ( no need for modifiers or other [limits] ) ;

Smadja argues that knowledge of relations such as these is necessary to both understanding and generation , and he outlines an approach for automatically acquiring such restrictions from a corpus , and then using it to augment an existing lexicon .
smadja argues that knowledge of relations such as these is necessary to both understanding and generation , and he outlines an approach for automatically acquiring such [limits] from a corpus , and then using it to augment an existing lexicon .

— selectional restrictions of various words can be modelled by the type of links attached to their representative nodes .
— selectional [limits] of various words can be modelled by the type of links attached to their representative nodes .

with restrictions on word senses , etc . )
with [limits] on word senses , etc . )

The church of course continued its opposition to artificial restrictions of birth and this was reaffirmed in 1908 , though by 1914 a pamphlet circulated to clergy and churchworkers , The Misuse of Marriage , advocated the safe period in certain cases where the health of the wife was unequal to the burden , or the home conditions were bad .
the church of course continued its opposition to artificial [limits] of birth and this was reaffirmed in 1908 , though by 1914 a pamphlet circulated to clergy and churchworkers , the misuse of marriage , advocated the safe period in certain cases where the health of the wife was unequal to the burden , or the home conditions were bad .

Hostility reached a peak in the 1900s and restrictions were introduced upon Jewish immigration in the Aliens Act 1905 .
hostility reached a peak in the 1900s and [limits] were introduced upon jewish immigration in the aliens act 1905 .

If you have a limb disability you may still be entitled to a licence , but there may be certain restrictions .
if you have a limb disability you may still be entitled to a licence , but there may be certain [limits] .

Indeed , the author was against all restrictions .
indeed , the author was against all [limits] .

For most Japanese there were no longer formal restrictions on mobility , and , especially in the Meiji period , social ranking was relatively fluid .
for most japanese there were no longer formal [limits] on mobility , and , especially in the meiji period , social ranking was relatively fluid .

The restrictions which bound individual Japanese to conformity were less those laid down by law than the more pervasive ones of social ethic and social convention which discouraged a ‘ selfish ’ individualist approach .
the [limits] which bound individual japanese to conformity were less those laid down by law than the more pervasive ones of social ethic and social convention which discouraged a ‘ selfish ’ individualist approach .

There are no restrictions on the use of a Personal Loan .
there are no [limits] on the use of a personal loan .

Other than using it for business purposes , there are no restrictions — except , of course , that you must not overstep your borrowing limit .
other than using it for business purposes , there are no [limits] — except , of course , that you must not overstep your borrowing limit .

The type of property you choose to live in is entirely up to you — we do n't impose any restrictions .
the type of property you choose to live in is entirely up to you — we do n't impose any [limits] .

In some cases , there may be local restrictions on the minimum and maximum amounts for which eurocheques can be written .
in some cases , there may be local [limits] on the minimum and maximum amounts for which eurocheques can be written .

The dialogue form of what became the Two chief world systems ( 1632 ) was a brilliant response to these restrictions , Galileo probably calculating that it would protect him from censure , even if his impartial discussion pointed to far from impartial conclusions .
the dialogue form of what became the two chief world systems ( 1632 ) was a brilliant response to these [limits] , galileo probably calculating that it would protect him from censure , even if his impartial discussion pointed to far from impartial conclusions .

The accent was on lifting restrictions on individual liberty .
the accent was on lifting [limits] on individual liberty .

Their regimes may have been impoverished by the emphasis on security and restrictions on movement within the prison , but at least the physical settings avoided the squalor and overcrowding which worsened in the local prisons .
their regimes may have been impoverished by the emphasis on security and [limits] on movement within the prison , but at least the physical settings avoided the squalor and overcrowding which worsened in the local prisons .

His Union Rep. was up to the occasion and had scoured the notice boards for restrictions on locomotive types without success .
his union rep. was up to the occasion and had scoured the notice boards for [limits] on locomotive types without success .

The sheep flocks were to have their restrictions lifted immediately .
the sheep flocks were to have their [limits] lifted immediately .

Moreover , many poorer countries have increased restrictions , though some have felt forced by external shocks to begin to look outwards .
moreover , many poorer countries have increased [limits] , though some have felt forced by external shocks to begin to look outwards .

Only during the 1980s did Korea begin to reduce its restrictions against foreign investment as an added means of linking more directly with the international system .
only during the 1980s did korea begin to reduce its [limits] against foreign investment as an added means of linking more directly with the international system .

By contrast , Malaysia has been able to be much more liberal ; there have been no restrictions on the remittance of profits abroad or on the withdrawal of capital through divestment .
by contrast , malaysia has been able to be much more liberal ; there have been no [limits] on the remittance of profits abroad or on the withdrawal of capital through divestment .

Thanks to what the Chinese call ‘ connectology ’ , however , some have found ways round this and other restrictions .
thanks to what the chinese call ‘ connectology ’ , however , some have found ways round this and other [limits] .

Literacy , then , is not , as Goody appears to be arguing , a ‘ neutral ’ technology , with ‘ potentialities and restrictions ’ depending simply on how it is used .
literacy , then , is not , as goody appears to be arguing , a ‘ neutral ’ technology , with ‘ potentialities and [limits] ’ depending simply on how it is used .

Authorities have had to deal with two major changes in local government finance , the Children Act , the community care reforms , three pieces of housing legislation , restrictions on political activity stemming from the Widdecombe report , ‘ Clause 28 ’ ( the ban on the ‘ promotion ’ of homosexuality ) , and the numerous education reforms and moves towards compulsory competitive tendering and contracting .
authorities have had to deal with two major changes in local government finance , the children act , the community care reforms , three pieces of housing legislation , [limits] on political activity stemming from the widdecombe report , ‘ clause 28 ’ ( the ban on the ‘ promotion ’ of homosexuality ) , and the numerous education reforms and moves towards compulsory competitive tendering and contracting .

The right of sale is subject to certain restrictions as provided by s .
the right of sale is subject to certain [limits] as provided by s .

If employees deviated from the required behaviour patterns then they were threatened with the sack ( and insecurity ) , isolation ( and insecurity ) or promotional restrictions ( failure and insecurity ) .
if employees deviated from the required behaviour patterns then they were threatened with the sack ( and insecurity ) , isolation ( and insecurity ) or promotional [limits] ( failure and insecurity ) .

Using committees internally to overcome restrictions on information and thereby arrive at a decision .
using committees internally to overcome [limits] on information and thereby arrive at a decision .

Legal restrictions Restrictive-trade-practices legislation is only one of the multitude of legal restrictions on concentrated power .
legal [limits] restrictive-trade-practices legislation is only one of the multitude of legal [limits] on concentrated power .

Indeed their protest against restrictions on the individual was almost anarchist in tone .
indeed their protest against [limits] on the individual was almost anarchist in tone .

Ten still worked full time , and 11 reported no restrictions in their daily activities .
ten still worked full time , and 11 reported no [limits] in their daily activities .

Patients underwent a simple assessment of quality of life with regard to their perceived restrictions and their employment ; their exercise capacity had been assessed with exercise testing during their most recent annual follow up visit .
patients underwent a simple assessment of quality of life with regard to their perceived [limits] and their employment ; their exercise capacity had been assessed with exercise testing during their most recent annual follow up visit .

Though it seems reasonable to assume that the ideal candidate for cardiac transplantation is one who has irreversible cardiac failure and severe symptomatic restrictions despite all treatment but with no requirement for intravenous or interventional support and no secondary end organ damage , in practice many of the patients referred for consideration of transplantation require active support in hospital and have been referred in some cases because they have developed secondary end organ damage .
though it seems reasonable to assume that the ideal candidate for cardiac transplantation is one who has irreversible cardiac failure and severe symptomatic [limits] despite all treatment but with no requirement for intravenous or interventional support and no secondary end organ damage , in practice many of the patients referred for consideration of transplantation require active support in hospital and have been referred in some cases because they have developed secondary end organ damage .

Other measures including further restrictions on access to cigarettes and on the promotion of tobacco products need to be considered .
other measures including further [limits] on access to cigarettes and on the promotion of tobacco products need to be considered .

Restrictions on advertising and sports sponsorship can have an immediate impact on rates of teenage smoking .
[limits] on advertising and sports sponsorship can have an immediate impact on rates of teenage smoking .

Similarly large corporations in the West have attempted to reduce undue rates of labour mobility among key workers by offering incremental wage scales or by placing contractual restrictions on their movement to rival firms .
similarly large corporations in the west have attempted to reduce undue rates of labour mobility among key workers by offering incremental wage scales or by placing contractual [limits] on their movement to rival firms .

In all cases , educational desirability must be balanced against practicality and system availability , and these restrictions may be so severe as to result in the rejection of the design idea .
in all cases , educational desirability must be balanced against practicality and system availability , and these [limits] may be so severe as to result in the rejection of the design idea .

These are useful if they have been constructed flexibly enough to allow for complex unusual facilities to be used if required , and thus do not negate their advantage by imposing restrictions on the designers and programmers , Structure should be built in from the beginning .
these are useful if they have been constructed flexibly enough to allow for complex unusual facilities to be used if required , and thus do not negate their advantage by imposing [limits] on the designers and programmers , structure should be built in from the beginning .

For example , to a base of ten , the result should be : What restrictions are there on the choice of base ?
for example , to a base of ten , the result should be : what [limits] are there on the choice of base ?

Multinationals are not obliged to provide detailed information about products and in practice there are no restrictions on buying any product over the chemist counter without prescription .
multinationals are not obliged to provide detailed information about products and in practice there are no [limits] on buying any product over the chemist counter without prescription .

Experience of the present Salvadorean health services and economic restrictions on buying Western medicine are reinforcing this knowledge , not eroding it .
experience of the present salvadorean health services and economic [limits] on buying western medicine are reinforcing this knowledge , not eroding it .

The pill is the most popular method of contraception because it is easiest to obtain and sold without restrictions in chemists .
the pill is the most popular method of contraception because it is easiest to obtain and sold without [limits] in chemists .

There is therefore no direct example of the British courts imposing restrictions on Parliament 's freedom of legislative action .
there is therefore no direct example of the british courts imposing [limits] on parliament 's freedom of legislative action .

To ensure this impartiality there are stringent restrictions on the degree of political involvement permitted to civil servants .
to ensure this impartiality there are stringent [limits] on the degree of political involvement permitted to civil servants .

wide police powers to impose conditions to preserve the peace ; the restrictions on spontaneous demonstrations .
wide police powers to impose conditions to preserve the peace ; the [limits] on spontaneous demonstrations .

Dietary restrictions may also be used to achieve this aim .
dietary [limits] may also be used to achieve this aim .

Does the health authority apply unnecessary restrictions on potential recruits to nurse training ?
does the health authority apply unnecessary [limits] on potential recruits to nurse training ?

In any case they did not inherit the doctrinaire restrictions of their elders .
in any case they did not inherit the doctrinaire [limits] of their elders .

Since then the economic clamp-down has further cut back urban building projects , closed rural industries and increased restrictions on small-scale business .
since then the economic clamp-down has further cut back urban building projects , closed rural industries and increased [limits] on small-scale business .

Then by the end of the year came sharp fiscal and monetary restrictions .
then by the end of the year came sharp fiscal and monetary [limits] .

The danger , as Andrei Gavrilov hints at elsewhere in this issue , is that the large emigration of musicians to the West that has taken place since restrictions were relaxed may mean that Russian musical life will lose those very qualities that not only made it technically of such high standing but that also gave it its unique flavour .
the danger , as andrei gavrilov hints at elsewhere in this issue , is that the large emigration of musicians to the west that has taken place since [limits] were relaxed may mean that russian musical life will lose those very qualities that not only made it technically of such high standing but that also gave it its unique flavour .

These restrictions do not apply to teachers .
these [limits] do not apply to teachers .

The effect of the restrictions on officers seeking election to neighbouring authorities is likely to be relatively small .
the effect of the [limits] on officers seeking election to neighbouring authorities is likely to be relatively small .

The wall of restrictions was destroyed in 1985 with the beginning of Perestroika .
the wall of [limits] was destroyed in 1985 with the beginning of perestroika .

Economic restrictions to industry should only apply to those connected with armaments .
economic [limits] to industry should only apply to those connected with armaments .

According to this notion , fertility decline since the war can be interpreted partly in terms of concomitant swings in public attitude , irrespective of formal religious affiliation , between the fundamentalist and the pragmatic pole ( Simons 1982 ) , On this view , by the end of the 1960s parents raised under the more fundamental , disciplined 1930s had been replaced in the childbearing years by those brought up with more material security and freedom , both moral and legal , from traditional restrictions .
according to this notion , fertility decline since the war can be interpreted partly in terms of concomitant swings in public attitude , irrespective of formal religious affiliation , between the fundamentalist and the pragmatic pole ( simons 1982 ) , on this view , by the end of the 1960s parents raised under the more fundamental , disciplined 1930s had been replaced in the childbearing years by those brought up with more material security and freedom , both moral and legal , from traditional [limits] .

There are more physical constraints in council housing than in owner-occupied housing in terms of bedrooms and size , but these are minor compared to the restrictions in the private rented sector .
there are more physical constraints in council housing than in owner-occupied housing in terms of bedrooms and size , but these are minor compared to the [limits] in the private rented sector .

Bad weather , essential maintenance or cleaning , lack of support or demand may all affect the actual availability of particular activities or facilities ; so , for instance , can such things as local licensing laws , religious or local holidays , or local authority or government restrictions .
bad weather , essential maintenance or cleaning , lack of support or demand may all affect the actual availability of particular activities or facilities ; so , for instance , can such things as local licensing laws , religious or local holidays , or local authority or government [limits] .

The achievement of these aims imposed certain restrictions on the methods used during this stage of the field research .
the achievement of these aims imposed certain [limits] on the methods used during this stage of the field research .

The agreements in any case regulate only style and media , not the amount of advertising , and there is no evidence that the restrictions have limited its effectiveness .
the agreements in any case regulate only style and media , not the amount of advertising , and there is no evidence that the [limits] have limited its effectiveness .

2 . The exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , amy be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society … for the protection of health …
2 . the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , amy be subject to such formalities , conditions , [limits] or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society … for the protection of health …

ii Italy : The Italian Post and Telecommunications Minister Carlo Vizzini will shortly introduce restrictions on the scope of tobacco and drinks advertising .
ii italy : the italian post and telecommunications minister carlo vizzini will shortly introduce [limits] on the scope of tobacco and drinks advertising .

Disability refers to restrictions or lack of ability to undertake activities considered normal .
disability refers to [limits] or lack of ability to undertake activities considered normal .

Cheap day returns available throughout Network SouthEast region ( subject to time restrictions ) .
cheap day returns available throughout network southeast region ( subject to time [limits] ) .

This viewpoint was reinforced by the observations of those pupils who had attended grammar schools for a while and found the ‘ stuffy ’ regimes distasteful and unnatural restrictions an impediment to happiness and progress in the classroom .
this viewpoint was reinforced by the observations of those pupils who had attended grammar schools for a while and found the ‘ stuffy ’ regimes distasteful and unnatural [limits] an impediment to happiness and progress in the classroom .

Even ‘ going crazy ’ involves the following of certain conventions and restrictions , as we will further elaborate in the next chapter .
even ‘ going crazy ’ involves the following of certain conventions and [limits] , as we will further elaborate in the next chapter .

First , the removal of price restrictions eg the deregulation of fixed commissions in favour of a more competitive commission scheme .
first , the removal of price [limits] eg the deregulation of fixed commissions in favour of a more competitive commission scheme .

Under the Fund 's ordinary facilities members may purchase additional foreign currencies , but only if they accept increasing restrictions upon their domestic policies .
under the fund 's ordinary facilities members may purchase additional foreign currencies , but only if they accept increasing [limits] upon their domestic policies .

Nevertheless the pursuit of policies based on national self-interest led to competitive depreciation and the introduction of tariffs and other trade restrictions .
nevertheless the pursuit of policies based on national self-interest led to competitive depreciation and the introduction of tariffs and other trade [limits] .

In this period capital account transactions were at a much lower level than they are nowadays , partly because many countries still had restrictions or limitations on this type of flow .
in this period capital account transactions were at a much lower level than they are nowadays , partly because many countries still had [limits] or limitations on this type of flow .

Indeed the adjustable peg system was operated in such a way that the exchange rate was rarely used as a means of adjustment , and import restrictions were not allowed under the Bretton Woods agreement .
indeed the adjustable peg system was operated in such a way that the exchange rate was rarely used as a means of adjustment , and import [limits] were not allowed under the bretton woods agreement .

After years of thinking of Bailey in terms of neutral tones , within the technical restrictions of black and white , it is a shock to see him using slashes of colour : yellow , red , blue , green .
after years of thinking of bailey in terms of neutral tones , within the technical [limits] of black and white , it is a shock to see him using slashes of colour : yellow , red , blue , green .

Those who would have fallen ill even under moderate sexual restrictions succumb to illness all the earlier and more severely under the demands of our present civilized sexual morality ; for we know no better security against the menace to normal sexual life caused by defective predisposition and disturbances in development than sexual satisfaction itself .
those who would have fallen ill even under moderate sexual [limits] succumb to illness all the earlier and more severely under the demands of our present civilized sexual morality ; for we know no better security against the menace to normal sexual life caused by defective predisposition and disturbances in development than sexual satisfaction itself .

Freud is reluctant to say that there would not be unforeseen consequences if the restrictions on young people 's sexual activities were altered , for human beings seems to devise conventional restrictions upon sexual life in all cultures .
freud is reluctant to say that there would not be unforeseen consequences if the [limits] on young people 's sexual activities were altered , for human beings seems to devise conventional [limits] upon sexual life in all cultures .

Perhaps it is religious education which is in large part to blame for this , together with the restrictions on sexuality imposed upon children in schools and colleges .
perhaps it is religious education which is in large part to blame for this , together with the [limits] on sexuality imposed upon children in schools and colleges .

This latter is especially severe in its effects on women , but both boys and girls are stunted in their intellectual growth , both by religion forbidding some ideas and teaching some false ones , and by the restrictions on the sexual researches of children .
this latter is especially severe in its effects on women , but both boys and girls are stunted in their intellectual growth , both by religion forbidding some ideas and teaching some false ones , and by the [limits] on the sexual researches of children .

One source of hostility towards civilization , felt by probably everyone at some points in their lives , and by some most of the time , arises from the restrictions which moral codes place on sexual activities , confining it , in West European cultures , to heterosexual relations with one partner over the whole of a lifetime .
one source of hostility towards civilization , felt by probably everyone at some points in their lives , and by some most of the time , arises from the [limits] which moral codes place on sexual activities , confining it , in west european cultures , to heterosexual relations with one partner over the whole of a lifetime .

This is held up as the norm , even though only ‘ weak ’ characters follow these restrictions fully throughout their lives !
this is held up as the norm , even though only ‘ weak ’ characters follow these [limits] fully throughout their lives !

This discovery , that a combination can be stronger than a single individual , or a couple , marked a major step in humanity 's development as a species , but carried with it restrictions over sexual activity , because this leads to two people aiming to be independent from everyone else .
this discovery , that a combination can be stronger than a single individual , or a couple , marked a major step in humanity 's development as a species , but carried with it [limits] over sexual activity , because this leads to two people aiming to be independent from everyone else .

Since Freud wrote , some groups , such as the Quakers , have altered their sexual code towards a more liberal position , but there are still restrictions .
since freud wrote , some groups , such as the quakers , have altered their sexual code towards a more liberal position , but there are still [limits] .

Pen Trwyn restrictions
pen trwyn [limits]

The British Mountaineering Council , in a letter to the prince from Access and Conservation Officer Bill Wright , state that ‘ We are most concerned about the effect the restrictions [ on live firing ] , or rather the lack of them , will have on the area of Willsworthy — this is an area of considerable interest to hill walkers from the South of England .
the british mountaineering council , in a letter to the prince from access and conservation officer bill wright , state that ‘ we are most concerned about the effect the [limits] [ on live firing ] , or rather the lack of them , will have on the area of willsworthy — this is an area of considerable interest to hill walkers from the south of england .

Observe restrictions and access agreements recognised by national mountaineering federations .
observe [limits] and access agreements recognised by national mountaineering federations .

There is culling on National Trust for Scotland land such as Kintail , but public access has priority and there are no restrictions .
there is culling on national trust for scotland land such as kintail , but public access has priority and there are no [limits] .

Restrictions imposed by the nature of the track would limit the operating speed to 50 mph and the large capital sums required to upgrade the line were not available .
[limits] imposed by the nature of the track would limit the operating speed to 50 mph and the large capital sums required to upgrade the line were not available .

As early as January 1333 the commons petitioned for new restrictions on the activities of royal purveyors , and the king agreed , in an unprecedented move , to set up ‘ justices of purveyors ’ to hear complaints against them .
as early as january 1333 the commons petitioned for new [limits] on the activities of royal purveyors , and the king agreed , in an unprecedented move , to set up ‘ justices of purveyors ’ to hear complaints against them .

Scotland Yard urged people not to drive into London at all unless their journey is necessary , and warned those who do arrive that normal parking restrictions will be strictly enforced .
scotland yard urged people not to drive into london at all unless their journey is necessary , and warned those who do arrive that normal parking [limits] will be strictly enforced .

Budget restrictions and requirements are being looked at more closely .
budget [limits] and requirements are being looked at more closely .

Restrictive covenants , wayleaves , easements , licences , public and private rights of way and restrictions on resale are all covered by the Act , together with planning permissions , building warrants and other statutory provisions , including rates and taxes .
restrictive covenants , wayleaves , easements , licences , public and private rights of way and [limits] on resale are all covered by the act , together with planning permissions , building warrants and other statutory provisions , including rates and taxes .

policy excesses or other restrictions on cover
policy excesses or other [limits] on cover

Because of their vulnerability to heavy weather all craft have had special restrictions placed upon them .
because of their vulnerability to heavy weather all craft have had special [limits] placed upon them .

This details certain restrictions on the cover for the collection .
this details certain [limits] on the cover for the collection .

This details certain restrictions on the cover for the collection .
this details certain [limits] on the cover for the collection .

The Society 's President made an official visit to Tokyo in March , following up the EC/Japan Conference on Legal Services , a multi-lateral forum seeking to relax restrictions on foreign legal practice in Japan .
the society 's president made an official visit to tokyo in march , following up the ec/japan conference on legal services , a multi-lateral forum seeking to relax [limits] on foreign legal practice in japan .

Areas to be examined include what barriers may prevent greater use of company voluntary arrangements , the potential to reduce the number of Companies House filing requirements , what simplifications could be made to the law affecting private companies , the law on groups of companies , disincorporation , and the restrictions on companies helping people to buy shares in them .
areas to be examined include what barriers may prevent greater use of company voluntary arrangements , the potential to reduce the number of companies house filing requirements , what simplifications could be made to the law affecting private companies , the law on groups of companies , disincorporation , and the [limits] on companies helping people to buy shares in them .

This represents a modest 3.5 % increase on last years figure , and there is no doubt that the fish processing sector in particular in experiencing difficulties due to the knock-on effects of quota restrictions in the fishing industry .
this represents a modest 3.5 % increase on last years figure , and there is no doubt that the fish processing sector in particular in experiencing difficulties due to the knock-on effects of quota [limits] in the fishing industry .

These results are perhaps not surprising considering the well documented difficulties of the textile industry allied to the quota restrictions on the fishing industry .
these results are perhaps not surprising considering the well documented difficulties of the textile industry allied to the quota [limits] on the fishing industry .

Countertrade [ compensation trade or barter ] in its simplest form is a payment method which is useful where currency restrictions in a buyer 's country prevent the remittance of ‘ hard currency ’ abroad . The main types of transactions are : —
countertrade [ compensation trade or barter ] in its simplest form is a payment method which is useful where currency [limits] in a buyer 's country prevent the remittance of ‘ hard currency ’ abroad . the main types of transactions are : —

Donkey Lane In answer to a letter sent by the chairman , the Department of Planning stated that no restrictions are placed on this road with regard to its use by horses .
donkey lane in answer to a letter sent by the chairman , the department of planning stated that no [limits] are placed on this road with regard to its use by horses .

Parking restrictions in Juniper Green .
parking [limits] in juniper green .

The Centre 's location in the Edinburgh Green Belt and the Pentland Hills Regional Park means that there are restrictions on developments such as you describe .
the centre 's location in the edinburgh green belt and the pentland hills regional park means that there are [limits] on developments such as you describe .

The pastoral poet most often chooses to ignore the common , but harsh , facts of life , the restrictions of time , the pressure of a greedy and superficial society and the temptations of the opposite sex and flees desperately towards his own imagined world of seclusion and uninterrupted tranquillity .
the pastoral poet most often chooses to ignore the common , but harsh , facts of life , the [limits] of time , the pressure of a greedy and superficial society and the temptations of the opposite sex and flees desperately towards his own imagined world of seclusion and uninterrupted tranquillity .

So modest pay increases were accompanied by a lifting of restrictions on public officials engaging in private enterprise .
so modest pay increases were accompanied by a lifting of [limits] on public officials engaging in private enterprise .

This first wave of indigenization had few practical effects , and Nigeria 's many TNCs managed to evade serious loss of control by enlisting members of the local bourgeoisie to ‘ front ’ for them , a universal practice where there are restrictions on foreigners engaging in certain economic activities .
this first wave of indigenization had few practical effects , and nigeria 's many tncs managed to evade serious loss of control by enlisting members of the local bourgeoisie to ‘ front ’ for them , a universal practice where there are [limits] on foreigners engaging in certain economic activities .

Restrictions may be placed on module names for particular environments by using a development discipline .
[limits] may be placed on module names for particular environments by using a development discipline .

The range of information may include pseudo code , outlined design structure , and comments and assistance on using the module ( including pitfalls and restrictions on its use ) .
the range of information may include pseudo code , outlined design structure , and comments and assistance on using the module ( including pitfalls and [limits] on its use ) .

Restrictions with concealed logical names
[limits] with concealed logical names

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

Restrictions and Limitations
[limits] and limitations

To suggest that venues should impose restrictions on admission depending on the lifestyle of the individual is ridiculous .
to suggest that venues should impose [limits] on admission depending on the lifestyle of the individual is ridiculous .

Unconditional freedom for those of the Cape Town Sixteen who received suspended sentences and the lifting of the severe restrictions placed upon them .
unconditional freedom for those of the cape town sixteen who received suspended sentences and the lifting of the severe [limits] placed upon them .

For tax purposes , losses may be carried forward and , subject to certain restrictions , set against future profits or they may be relieved against profits elsewhere in a group of companies .
for tax purposes , losses may be carried forward and , subject to certain [limits] , set against future profits or they may be relieved against profits elsewhere in a group of companies .

Unrelieved losses may also be carried forward and , subject to certain restrictions , set against future profits .
unrelieved losses may also be carried forward and , subject to certain [limits] , set against future profits .

The Building Societies Act 1986 removed some of the restrictions on lending by building societies .
the building societies act 1986 removed some of the [limits] on lending by building societies .

An amendment to the Hatch Act , which would have lifted many of the restrictions preventing federal workers from participating in partisan political activity , was vetoed on June 15 by President George Bush .
an amendment to the hatch act , which would have lifted many of the [limits] preventing federal workers from participating in partisan political activity , was vetoed on june 15 by president george bush .

The panic buying forced the Moscow city council on May 28 to announce a temporary ban on the sale of food and consumer goods in city shops to anyone unable to produce a Moscow residence permit ( such restrictions had already been operating for many weeks in Leningrad and a number of other cities ) .
the panic buying forced the moscow city council on may 28 to announce a temporary ban on the sale of food and consumer goods in city shops to anyone unable to produce a moscow residence permit ( such [limits] had already been operating for many weeks in leningrad and a number of other cities ) .

However , there was evidence that such restrictions were exacerbating a breakdown in the distribution system , with officials in the neighbouring regions of Kalinin , Smolensk and Vladimir retaliating by ordering the withholding of food supplies destined for Moscow , since local people were now debarred from travelling to the capital to find the best-stocked food shops .
however , there was evidence that such [limits] were exacerbating a breakdown in the distribution system , with officials in the neighbouring regions of kalinin , smolensk and vladimir retaliating by ordering the withholding of food supplies destined for moscow , since local people were now debarred from travelling to the capital to find the best-stocked food shops .

The control regime was liberalized for computer , machine tool and telecommunications technology ( microcomputer exports having been permitted since August 1989 ) ; companies seeking exceptions to remaining restrictions would have to wait only eight weeks for permission , rather than 12 weeks as hitherto ; and countries such as Czechoslovakia , Hungary and Poland , if they were prepared to introduce their own controls on use and re-export , might expect more favourable treatment .
the control regime was liberalized for computer , machine tool and telecommunications technology ( microcomputer exports having been permitted since august 1989 ) ; companies seeking exceptions to remaining [limits] would have to wait only eight weeks for permission , rather than 12 weeks as hitherto ; and countries such as czechoslovakia , hungary and poland , if they were prepared to introduce their own controls on use and re-export , might expect more favourable treatment .

The new restrictions were thought to derive from the Prime Minister 's concern at what he saw as the growing influence of `` exclusivist `` religions such as Christianity and Islam .
the new [limits] were thought to derive from the prime minister 's concern at what he saw as the growing influence of `` exclusivist `` religions such as christianity and islam .

The same concern was assumed to be behind a White Paper introduced in Parliament in December 1989 outlining proposed restrictions on `` political activities `` by religious groups .
the same concern was assumed to be behind a white paper introduced in parliament in december 1989 outlining proposed [limits] on `` political activities `` by religious groups .

The Court ruled that the case against the three , who had exercised their right not to give evidence at the trial , had been overwhelmingly prejudiced following an announcement by King during the trial of restrictions on the right of silence [ see p. 37098 ] .
the court ruled that the case against the three , who had exercised their right not to give evidence at the trial , had been overwhelmingly prejudiced following an announcement by king during the trial of [limits] on the right of silence [ see p. 37098 ] .

On April 30 the Japanese and South Korean Foreign Ministers held talks in Seoul at which it was agreed to relax restrictions currently applied to the 680,000 Koreans resident in Japan , many of whom were descendants of the 2,500,000 Koreans transported by the Japanese colonial administration for use as forced labour .
on april 30 the japanese and south korean foreign ministers held talks in seoul at which it was agreed to relax [limits] currently applied to the 680,000 koreans resident in japan , many of whom were descendants of the 2,500,000 koreans transported by the japanese colonial administration for use as forced labour .

Although polling apparently passed off peacefully , the election campaign period had reportedly been characterized by months of repression , severe restrictions and official harassment of candidates and political activists , as the military regime continued the clampdown on the pro-democracy movement which it had brutally repressed in September 1988 [ see pp .
although polling apparently passed off peacefully , the election campaign period had reportedly been characterized by months of repression , severe [limits] and official harassment of candidates and political activists , as the military regime continued the clampdown on the pro-democracy movement which it had brutally repressed in september 1988 [ see pp .

The Secretary of Government Fernando Gutiérrez Barrios stated , however , that the government had no intention of amending the current restrictions on the church .
the secretary of government fernando gutiérrez barrios stated , however , that the government had no intention of amending the current [limits] on the church .

The announcement by the government of liberalization measures to reactivate the economy was reported on Oct. 21 ; these included exchange rate adjustments to favour exports , lifting credit restrictions , reducing bank controls and opening credit lines to promote production .
the announcement by the government of liberalization measures to reactivate the economy was reported on oct. 21 ; these included exchange rate adjustments to favour exports , lifting credit [limits] , reducing bank controls and opening credit lines to promote production .

Certain constitutional restrictions remained in force until March 22 , but the curfew had been lifted as of March 6 .
certain constitutional [limits] remained in force until march 22 , but the curfew had been lifted as of march 6 .

In a broad reform , foreign investment restrictions were lifted in January 1990 , eliminating controls on profit remittances , profit reinvestment , and foreign investment in sectors hitherto reserved for nationals , and removing restraints on the transfer of technology .
in a broad reform , foreign investment [limits] were lifted in january 1990 , eliminating controls on profit remittances , profit reinvestment , and foreign investment in sectors hitherto reserved for nationals , and removing restraints on the transfer of technology .

Later in January restrictions preventing Italians from purchasing short-term financial instruments in foreign currencies were lifted .
later in january [limits] preventing italians from purchasing short-term financial instruments in foreign currencies were lifted .

To this end , the role of planning and central controls would be strengthened , although , in order to stimulate the market , the credit supply would be increased , restrictions on capital investment would be relaxed and rural enterprises encouraged .
to this end , the role of planning and central controls would be strengthened , although , in order to stimulate the market , the credit supply would be increased , [limits] on capital investment would be relaxed and rural enterprises encouraged .

The widely anticipated move , designed to stimulate economic growth through increased exports , included the easing of credit restrictions and the provision of increased funds to assist with capital investment .
the widely anticipated move , designed to stimulate economic growth through increased exports , included the easing of credit [limits] and the provision of increased funds to assist with capital investment .

The measures imposed new restrictions on press reporting of the Kurdish insurgency in south-east Anatolia .
the measures imposed new [limits] on press reporting of the kurdish insurgency in south-east anatolia .

Cabinet reshuffle — Lifting of restrictions on political parties
cabinet reshuffle — lifting of [limits] on political parties

Restrictions on photocopiers and satellite television equipment were also lifted .
[limits] on photocopiers and satellite television equipment were also lifted .

The main restrictions on foreign travel now remaining appeared to be the difficulty of obtaining foreign exchange ( only $ 200 could be bought in the Soviet Union ) , visas ( due to long waiting lists at Western embassies in Moscow ) and airline tickets ( for example , the Soviet state airline Aeroflot reported a 13-month waiting list for New York flights ) .
the main [limits] on foreign travel now remaining appeared to be the difficulty of obtaining foreign exchange ( only $ 200 could be bought in the soviet union ) , visas ( due to long waiting lists at western embassies in moscow ) and airline tickets ( for example , the soviet state airline aeroflot reported a 13-month waiting list for new york flights ) .

In addition 25 other trade-related agreements were ratified which included the mutual reduction of tariffs and export duties on 350 manufactured goods ; the freeing of restrictions on nearly all primary agricultural produce and the equalizing of tariffs of 170 food items ; and a bilateral annual trade of 10,000 vehicles .
in addition 25 other trade-related agreements were ratified which included the mutual reduction of tariffs and export duties on 350 manufactured goods ; the freeing of [limits] on nearly all primary agricultural produce and the equalizing of tariffs of 170 food items ; and a bilateral annual trade of 10,000 vehicles .

Baku , meanwhile , remained without special security measures or curfew restrictions , and gangs of looters were said to be attacking abandoned Armenian homes largely unchallenged by the sole detachment of 1,000 Interior Ministry troops who had arrived from Moscow on Jan. 14 .
baku , meanwhile , remained without special security measures or curfew [limits] , and gangs of looters were said to be attacking abandoned armenian homes largely unchallenged by the sole detachment of 1,000 interior ministry troops who had arrived from moscow on jan. 14 .

Luft 's plan , which had been announced on Jan. 13 , omitted previous emphasis on a `` socialist `` market economy and envisaged the lifting of restrictions on private ownership .
luft 's plan , which had been announced on jan. 13 , omitted previous emphasis on a `` socialist `` market economy and envisaged the lifting of [limits] on private ownership .

Proposals for relaxation of travel restrictions
proposals for relaxation of travel [limits]

Lifting of travel restrictions
lifting of travel [limits]

Restrictions on low-level flying — Reduction in number of troops taking part in " Autumn Forge "
[limits] on low-level flying — reduction in number of troops taking part in " autumn forge "

In March 1990 , however , the Taiwan government lifted restrictions on business travel to the mainland .
in march 1990 , however , the taiwan government lifted [limits] on business travel to the mainland .

It was widely believed that all restrictions on economic relations would be removed once an appropriate formula of agreement could be devised which would be acceptable to nationalist sensitivities .
it was widely believed that all [limits] on economic relations would be removed once an appropriate formula of agreement could be devised which would be acceptable to nationalist sensitivities .

With the opening of the East German border in November 1989 the flow of refugees from East Germany ( Übersiedler ) increased still further and created serious social problems [ for easing of travel restrictions over the border between Hungary and Austria see pp .
with the opening of the east german border in november 1989 the flow of refugees from east germany ( übersiedler ) increased still further and created serious social problems [ for easing of travel [limits] over the border between hungary and austria see pp .

Immigration restrictions
immigration [limits]

The government with effect from March 15 imposed restrictions at its border with Hungary to slow down the inflow of East Europeans .
the government with effect from march 15 imposed [limits] at its border with hungary to slow down the inflow of east europeans .

Cuba , Yemen and also China supported an alternative draft resolution lifting all restrictions on transporting food to Iraq .
cuba , yemen and also china supported an alternative draft resolution lifting all [limits] on transporting food to iraq .

Lifting of travel restrictions — Removal of border fortifications
lifting of travel [limits] — removal of border fortifications

The Adamec government abolished restrictions on foreign travel as from Dec. 4 , 1989 .
the adamec government abolished [limits] on foreign travel as from dec. 4 , 1989 .

The new legislation included : ( i ) a law on private enterprise , which allowed individuals to start companies without restrictions on the numbers of employees ; ( ii ) a law on state enterprises , which allowed state-owned companies to offer shares to their workforces ; ( iii ) a law on shareholding , which allowed foreign individuals or companies to own up to 100 per cent of Czechoslovak-based companies ; ( iv ) a law on industrial relations , enshrining employee and trade-union rights ; and ( v ) provisions for the creation of industrial courts to settle commercial disputes .
the new legislation included : ( i ) a law on private enterprise , which allowed individuals to start companies without [limits] on the numbers of employees ; ( ii ) a law on state enterprises , which allowed state-owned companies to offer shares to their workforces ; ( iii ) a law on shareholding , which allowed foreign individuals or companies to own up to 100 per cent of czechoslovak-based companies ; ( iv ) a law on industrial relations , enshrining employee and trade-union rights ; and ( v ) provisions for the creation of industrial courts to settle commercial disputes .

The position was opposed by the then Finance Minister Lazslo Bekesi , who said that debt and restrictions of the socialist market meant that a dynamic short-term development of the economy was not possible .
the position was opposed by the then finance minister lazslo bekesi , who said that debt and [limits] of the socialist market meant that a dynamic short-term development of the economy was not possible .

In March the Austrian authorities announced visa restrictions on the entry of Romanians into their country which prompted a rush by an estimated 35,000 refugees to cross the border before the ban came into force [ see also p. 37689 ] .
in march the austrian authorities announced visa [limits] on the entry of romanians into their country which prompted a rush by an estimated 35,000 refugees to cross the border before the ban came into force [ see also p. 37689 ] .

Restrictions on travel to East Germany were also announced by the East German embassy in Bucharest on June 5 .
[limits] on travel to east germany were also announced by the east german embassy in bucharest on june 5 .

Further government decrees on March 23 and April 10 removed all restrictions on the private hiring of labour , and created conditions for free enterprise in retailing , services and tourism .
further government decrees on march 23 and april 10 removed all [limits] on the private hiring of labour , and created conditions for free enterprise in retailing , services and tourism .

Shamir responded the next day by saying that Israel was a democracy and was not prepared to accept restrictions on the movement of its citizens .
shamir responded the next day by saying that israel was a democracy and was not prepared to accept [limits] on the movement of its citizens .

The announcement was greeted sceptically in the National Assembly and by the press , which claimed that the surplus was illusory as the government trade figures were distorted by smuggling , variable exchange rates , barter deals and restrictions on imports .
the announcement was greeted sceptically in the national assembly and by the press , which claimed that the surplus was illusory as the government trade figures were distorted by smuggling , variable exchange rates , barter deals and [limits] on imports .

Commentators noted that the lifting of some restrictions on black political activity in early February had given rise to a sharp increase in the level of township protest .
commentators noted that the lifting of some [limits] on black political activity in early february had given rise to a sharp increase in the level of township protest .

Two smaller black political organizations rejected de Klerk 's offer of negotiations in conferences held during March , following the lifting of restrictions on these and other groups in early February .
two smaller black political organizations rejected de klerk 's offer of negotiations in conferences held during march , following the lifting of [limits] on these and other groups in early february .

Following the lifting of martial law and its reporting restrictions on Jan. 11 , 1990 , new regulations for foreign journalists were brought into effect on Jan. 19 .
following the lifting of martial law and its reporting [limits] on jan. 11 , 1990 , new regulations for foreign journalists were brought into effect on jan. 19 .

Other protests were reported during October and November in Xigazê , Gyangzê and Zêtang , where restrictions were in force .
other protests were reported during october and november in xigazê , gyangzê and zêtang , where [limits] were in force .

De Klerk was now able to claim that there was no longer any justification for violent protest , in view of his invitation " to all leaders who seek peace " , along with the lifting of restrictions on political groups , which he said now placed everybody in a position to pursue politics freely .
de klerk was now able to claim that there was no longer any justification for violent protest , in view of his invitation " to all leaders who seek peace " , along with the lifting of [limits] on political groups , which he said now placed everybody in a position to pursue politics freely .

The ministers agreed four key points : ( i ) minimal restrictions would be placed on surveillance flights ; ( ii ) a quota system would be devised to ensure equitable surveillance of all signatory states ; ( iii ) unarmed aircraft would be used , carrying surveillance equipment capable of operating under all circumstances and weather ; and ( iv ) other countries , in particular the European neutral and non-aligned countries , would eventually be invited to participate in the project .
the ministers agreed four key points : ( i ) minimal [limits] would be placed on surveillance flights ; ( ii ) a quota system would be devised to ensure equitable surveillance of all signatory states ; ( iii ) unarmed aircraft would be used , carrying surveillance equipment capable of operating under all circumstances and weather ; and ( iv ) other countries , in particular the european neutral and non-aligned countries , would eventually be invited to participate in the project .

Restrictions on foreign borrowing were relaxed and about 30 companies were permitted to issue convertible bonds and bonds of warrant in the international capital markets .
[limits] on foreign borrowing were relaxed and about 30 companies were permitted to issue convertible bonds and bonds of warrant in the international capital markets .

The domestic banking system has ( since the early 1980s ) been completely free of formal restrictions on the supply of credit and has not been subject to reserve requirements .
the domestic banking system has ( since the early 1980s ) been completely free of formal [limits] on the supply of credit and has not been subject to reserve requirements .

The imposition of credit restrictions in other markets ( for example , in Spain in 1989 ) stimulated the development of the domestic commercial paper market in that country .
the imposition of credit [limits] in other markets ( for example , in spain in 1989 ) stimulated the development of the domestic commercial paper market in that country .

Briefly , in the first half of 1858 , the government seemed to lift press restrictions altogether ( with the result that Kavelin was able to publish his plea for emancipation with land ) .
briefly , in the first half of 1858 , the government seemed to lift press [limits] altogether ( with the result that kavelin was able to publish his plea for emancipation with land ) .

German life insurers ) and many have restrictions on acceptable credit ratings .
german life insurers ) and many have [limits] on acceptable credit ratings .

This partly depends on factors such as the strength of demand in the firm 's country of origin for securities as opposed to deposits , together with restrictions on entry of foreign firms .
this partly depends on factors such as the strength of demand in the firm 's country of origin for securities as opposed to deposits , together with [limits] on entry of foreign firms .

In Germany turnover taxes have been abolished and the Bundesbank has dismantled the remaining restrictions on issuance and underwriting of foreign currency bonds by borrowers domiciled in Germany ( until then issuance in foreign currency required a non-resident financial subsidiary ) .
in germany turnover taxes have been abolished and the bundesbank has dismantled the remaining [limits] on issuance and underwriting of foreign currency bonds by borrowers domiciled in germany ( until then issuance in foreign currency required a non-resident financial subsidiary ) .

The women who joined such communities were sometimes married and their aim was to live out the ideals of an apostolic life within the restrictions of their local community .
the women who joined such communities were sometimes married and their aim was to live out the ideals of an apostolic life within the [limits] of their local community .

Restrictions on distribution of reports
[limits] on distribution of reports

Any restrictions on our ability to act should be clearly set out to avoid misunderstandings .
any [limits] on our ability to act should be clearly set out to avoid misunderstandings .

Commercial constraints which may limit sales growth ; for example , territorial restrictions contained in agency and licensing agreements .
commercial constraints which may limit sales growth ; for example , territorial [limits] contained in agency and licensing agreements .

restrictions on announcements ;
[limits] on announcements ;

Provision for restrictions on future business , trading agreements , sharing of facilities agreements , key employees , etc , as in a sale of shares agreement .
provision for [limits] on future business , trading agreements , sharing of facilities agreements , key employees , etc , as in a sale of shares agreement .

Joint ventures , partnerships , agency agreements and restrictions on the business .
joint ventures , partnerships , agency agreements and [limits] on the business .

Restrictions on distribution of reports
[limits] on distribution of reports

0806.6 Restrictions on distribution of reports
0806.6 [limits] on distribution of reports

any other unusual provisions , eg. restrictions on borrowings powers .
any other unusual provisions , eg. [limits] on borrowings powers .

restrictions on transfer or voting rights as specified in the statutes of a company
[limits] on transfer or voting rights as specified in the statutes of a company

It is essential that the restrictions placed on different classes of shares in a company are fully considered since these can have a material affect on the valuation method and result .
it is essential that the [limits] placed on different classes of shares in a company are fully considered since these can have a material affect on the valuation method and result .

Restrictions or rights in the articles
[limits] or rights in the articles

Note : Deal with any particular confidentiality issues and restrictions on the information to be made available .
note : deal with any particular confidentiality issues and [limits] on the information to be made available .

Note : Deal with any restrictions on scope specific to the engagement .
note : deal with any [limits] on scope specific to the engagement .

Note : Deal with any particular confidentiality issues and restrictions on the information to be made available .
note : deal with any particular confidentiality issues and [limits] on the information to be made available .

Note : Deal with any particular confidentiality issues and restrictions on the information to be made available .
note : deal with any particular confidentiality issues and [limits] on the information to be made available .

Note : Deal with any particular confidentiality issues and restrictions on the information to be made available .
note : deal with any particular confidentiality issues and [limits] on the information to be made available .

Note : Deal with any particular confidentiality issues and restrictions on the information to be made available .
note : deal with any particular confidentiality issues and [limits] on the information to be made available .

In the event of the sale , no restrictions will be placed on [ name ] regarding the use of technical and intellectual property rights developed by name in conjunction with [ shareholder ] during the period of its association with [ shareholder ] .
in the event of the sale , no [limits] will be placed on [ name ] regarding the use of technical and intellectual property rights developed by name in conjunction with [ shareholder ] during the period of its association with [ shareholder ] .

The impact of import restrictions in the inter-war period
the impact of import [limits] in the inter-war period

Computer software has been developed for the estimation of large systems of such equations subject to cross-equation restrictions and also subject to changes of regime , so that the model can be permitted to shift in the face of institutional changes ( such as the switch to floating exchange rates ) while certain underlying behavioural parameters , such as in the desired money velocity function , remain constant .
computer software has been developed for the estimation of large systems of such equations subject to cross-equation [limits] and also subject to changes of regime , so that the model can be permitted to shift in the face of institutional changes ( such as the switch to floating exchange rates ) while certain underlying behavioural parameters , such as in the desired money velocity function , remain constant .

It seems to be particularly applicable to markets where the relaxation of statutory entry restrictions leave an incumbent firm with an especially predominant position .
it seems to be particularly applicable to markets where the relaxation of statutory entry [limits] leave an incumbent firm with an especially predominant position .

It will be seen that these matters are of importance in both judging and understanding a market economy . The research of this project is directed to the construction of theoretical means for the study of such an economy without the disabling restrictions
it will be seen that these matters are of importance in both judging and understanding a market economy . the research of this project is directed to the construction of theoretical means for the study of such an economy without the disabling [limits]

Reporting restrictions were lifted at Wakefield magistrates court after an application by Stephen Switalski , defending .
reporting [limits] were lifted at wakefield magistrates court after an application by stephen switalski , defending .

The party 's chairperson , Alan Warren , who is standing as a local government candidate in the Castle ward , has hit out at planning restrictions on commercial development in the north of the city .
the party 's chairperson , alan warren , who is standing as a local government candidate in the castle ward , has hit out at planning [limits] on commercial development in the north of the city .

Under the Belfast Urban Area Plan strict restrictions have been placed on any further office development outside the city centre .
under the belfast urban area plan strict [limits] have been placed on any further office development outside the city centre .

2. provide information and educate the public about research involving animals and the conditions and restrictions under which this research is conducted .
2. provide information and educate the public about research involving animals and the conditions and [limits] under which this research is conducted .

The taking of evidence Certificates of good repute Reciprocal enforcement of maintenance orders Agricultural rent restrictions Freedom of the burgh
the taking of evidence certificates of good repute reciprocal enforcement of maintenance orders agricultural rent [limits] freedom of the burgh

Agricultural rent restrictions
agricultural rent [limits]

It was announced in the House of Commons on 26th February 1975 that the current restrictions on agricultural rents should cease to operate from 28th May 1975 .
it was announced in the house of commons on 26th february 1975 that the current [limits] on agricultural rents should cease to operate from 28th may 1975 .

Whatever the signal source , the designer needs to know what restrictions are imposed on the timing of the control signals by the parameters of the drive , motor and load .
whatever the signal source , the designer needs to know what [limits] are imposed on the timing of the control signals by the parameters of the drive , motor and load .

Some of these restrictions stem from the steady.state performance ( e. g. the maximum stepping rate with a given load torque can be deduced from the pull-out torque/speed characteristics ) , but still more restrictions arise when transient performance is considered .
some of these [limits] stem from the steady.state performance ( e. g. the maximum stepping rate with a given load torque can be deduced from the pull-out torque/speed characteristics ) , but still more [limits] arise when transient performance is considered .

Packages will be attractive if it is important to make use of an existing computer or if a quick and simple solution is required and users are willing to tolerate restrictions .
packages will be attractive if it is important to make use of an existing computer or if a quick and simple solution is required and users are willing to tolerate [limits] .

During her time in Rhodesia , Army magazines had been celebrating the centenary of Booth 's own marriage and however dedicated his soldiers very few of the single women did not chafe against his restrictions when opportunity presented .
during her time in rhodesia , army magazines had been celebrating the centenary of booth 's own marriage and however dedicated his soldiers very few of the single women did not chafe against his [limits] when opportunity presented .

She shared their hurt at the way they were sometimes treated , and was angered by the restrictions that were placed on them .
she shared their hurt at the way they were sometimes treated , and was angered by the [limits] that were placed on them .

Gilt market policy is also subject to the requirements of interest rate policy ; this in turn places restrictions on National Debt management .
gilt market policy is also subject to the requirements of interest rate policy ; this in turn places [limits] on national debt management .

The climate of deregulation made it necessary to remove restrictions on the ability of building societies to compete in financial markets .
the climate of deregulation made it necessary to remove [limits] on the ability of building societies to compete in financial markets .

When restrictions on bank credit were relaxed , companies found it more advantageous to lend and borrow through banks , particularly as when they dealt directly transactions were unsecured .
when [limits] on bank credit were relaxed , companies found it more advantageous to lend and borrow through banks , particularly as when they dealt directly transactions were unsecured .

The first is that the market is unregulated , so that banks which are subject to reserve requirements or interest rate restrictions in the home country , for instance , can do business more freely abroad .
the first is that the market is unregulated , so that banks which are subject to reserve requirements or interest rate [limits] in the home country , for instance , can do business more freely abroad .

There are no further restrictions on outside ownership of member firms .
there are no further [limits] on outside ownership of member firms .

This is particularly likely in the case of Euro-DM business , which has to some extent been driven abroad by restrictions on the German banking sector .
this is particularly likely in the case of euro-dm business , which has to some extent been driven abroad by [limits] on the german banking sector .

However , the Consumer Transactions ( Restrictions on Statements ) Order 1976 has been made under the Fair Trading Act 1973 ( The procedure for making these orders is explained at paragraph 16–40 below ) .
however , the consumer transactions ( [limits] on statements ) order 1976 has been made under the fair trading act 1973 ( the procedure for making these orders is explained at paragraph 16–40 below ) .

Bradley Martin devoted a page to extolling the virtues of cannabis and the need to fight back against legal restrictions and police interventions .
bradley martin devoted a page to extolling the virtues of cannabis and the need to fight back against legal [limits] and police interventions .

But Vietnam was n't , nor was overcrowding , nor petty restrictions .
but vietnam was n't , nor was overcrowding , nor petty [limits] .

If you use a shareware package beyond the documented restrictions , you are without doubt guilty of breaching copyright .
if you use a shareware package beyond the documented [limits] , you are without doubt guilty of breaching copyright .

They both looked relaxed , an easy familiarity between them now that they were away from the office and cut free from the restrictions of boss and secretary .
they both looked relaxed , an easy familiarity between them now that they were away from the office and cut free from the [limits] of boss and secretary .

The formalism of the lattice was used , for convenience , to calculate the combinatorial entropy of mixing following the method outlined in section 8.2 for small molecules , including the same starting assumptions and restrictions .
the formalism of the lattice was used , for convenience , to calculate the combinatorial entropy of mixing following the method outlined in section 8.2 for small molecules , including the same starting assumptions and [limits] .

The molecule can now be placed on the lattice , segment by segment , bearing in mind the restrictions imposed , viz .
the molecule can now be placed on the lattice , segment by segment , bearing in mind the [limits] imposed , viz .

As we have already seen in chapter 1 for butane and polyethylene , steric repulsions impose restrictions to bond rotation .
as we have already seen in chapter 1 for butane and polyethylene , steric repulsions impose [limits] to bond rotation .

This imposes restrictions on the type of chain which can be crystallized with ease and , as mentioned earlier , one would expect symmetrical linear chains such as polyesters , polyamides , and polyethylene to crystallize most readily .
this imposes [limits] on the type of chain which can be crystallized with ease and , as mentioned earlier , one would expect symmetrical linear chains such as polyesters , polyamides , and polyethylene to crystallize most readily .

If these restrictions to free movement are reduced and a polymer is allowed to crystallize from a dilute solution , it is possible to obtain well-defined single crystals .
if these [limits] to free movement are reduced and a polymer is allowed to crystallize from a dilute solution , it is possible to obtain well-defined single crystals .

Dipolar groups in a polymer coil may not all be able to relax at the same speed because of the variable steric restrictions they may experience , imposed by their environment .
dipolar groups in a polymer coil may not all be able to relax at the same speed because of the variable steric [limits] they may experience , imposed by their environment .

Freud , as suggested in Chapter 2 , argued that the state and politics are transferred father figures : organisations and people on whom those with little power and authority can depend for safeguards while at the same time suffering imposed personal restrictions .
freud , as suggested in chapter 2 , argued that the state and politics are transferred father figures : organisations and people on whom those with little power and authority can depend for safeguards while at the same time suffering imposed personal [limits] .

There are a number of alternative ways of dealing with many-to-many relationships , all of which lead to either duplication or unnatural restrictions on the model ( that is , the model does not represent the real-world accurately ) .
there are a number of alternative ways of dealing with many-to-many relationships , all of which lead to either duplication or unnatural [limits] on the model ( that is , the model does not represent the real-world accurately ) .

Their original term was to be twenty-one years , though extension was usual , and few restrictions were imposed on the trusts ' powers of raising capital on the security of the tolls , on their use of it , or on the appointment of toll gatherers , nor on the freedom to contract out the tolls at auction .
their original term was to be twenty-one years , though extension was usual , and few [limits] were imposed on the trusts ' powers of raising capital on the security of the tolls , on their use of it , or on the appointment of toll gatherers , nor on the freedom to contract out the tolls at auction .

Within the speech recognition community word-level restrictions are also utilised .
within the speech recognition community word-level [limits] are also utilised .

Word level restrictions may be imposed on the lattice by only allowing character sequences that form words ( thereby allowing semantic and other higher-level to be applied ) .
word level [limits] may be imposed on the lattice by only allowing character sequences that form words ( thereby allowing semantic and other higher-level to be applied ) .

This placed restrictions on the size of the corpus that could be produced .
this placed [limits] on the size of the corpus that could be produced .

If no semantic or pragmatic restrictions are applied during the parsing of the sentence then many parses are suggested that are semantically or pragmatically infeasible .
if no semantic or pragmatic [limits] are applied during the parsing of the sentence then many parses are suggested that are semantically or pragmatically infeasible .

The imposition of semantic or pragmatic restrictions could occur after the parse is completed to remove improbable combinations .
the imposition of semantic or pragmatic [limits] could occur after the parse is completed to remove improbable combinations .

State and municipal officials have been ordered to ask no questions about the source of citizens ' wealth ; and restrictions on dealings in foreign currency have been lifted .
state and municipal officials have been ordered to ask no questions about the source of citizens ' wealth ; and [limits] on dealings in foreign currency have been lifted .

There are no bureaucrats going round counting the jobs that never happened , the jobs that went away or the small firms that have packed up because they could no longer make a profit under the new controls and restrictions on their work force .
there are no bureaucrats going round counting the jobs that never happened , the jobs that went away or the small firms that have packed up because they could no longer make a profit under the new controls and [limits] on their work force .

Furthermore , if restrictions eat too far into profits , employers will look elsewhere to get their work done .
furthermore , if [limits] eat too far into profits , employers will look elsewhere to get their work done .

The tobacco industry has done much to sidestep the Secretary of State 's restrictions by moving more into other marketing areas , such as sampling , road shows , travel films , clothing , and sponsorship — from Glyndebourne to rock , from angling to snooker .
the tobacco industry has done much to sidestep the secretary of state 's [limits] by moving more into other marketing areas , such as sampling , road shows , travel films , clothing , and sponsorship — from glyndebourne to rock , from angling to snooker .

Successive legislative steps have been taken since then to tighten the restrictions on access to tobacco by young children .
successive legislative steps have been taken since then to tighten the [limits] on access to tobacco by young children .

The abolition of the clawback will enhance our position and 1992 must become a reality of fair competition and free movement of goods without any artificial restrictions .
the abolition of the clawback will enhance our position and 1992 must become a reality of fair competition and free movement of goods without any artificial [limits] .

We are not prepared to accept restrictions on the employer 's right to recruit the best qualified person for the job .
we are not prepared to accept [limits] on the employer 's right to recruit the best qualified person for the job .

Following the recent series of knife attacks on police officers , there were calls from the Police Federation for further restrictions on the sale of knives .
following the recent series of knife attacks on police officers , there were calls from the police federation for further [limits] on the sale of knives .

The Government take the view that imposing further restrictions on the sale of knives would not generally be practicable .
the government take the view that imposing further [limits] on the sale of knives would not generally be practicable .

Is not it true that a large number of small firms are in the tourism sector ? Will my hon. Friend confirm that he received representations from both the British Tourist Authority and the English tourist board about the damage that would be done to the industry by the restrictions on part-time working and on working hours which are so beloved of Labour ?
is not it true that a large number of small firms are in the tourism sector ? will my hon. friend confirm that he received representations from both the british tourist authority and the english tourist board about the damage that would be done to the industry by the [limits] on part-time working and on working hours which are so beloved of labour ?

The restrictions on Sunday trading contained in the Shops Act 1950 do not apply in Scotland , with the exception of hairdressers and barbers .
the [limits] on sunday trading contained in the shops act 1950 do not apply in scotland , with the exception of hairdressers and barbers .

Does the Secretary of State agree that the number of railway accidents , which has increased recently , is in no small measure due to the under-investment in British Rail since the Tory Government placed restrictions on the railway system ?
does the secretary of state agree that the number of railway accidents , which has increased recently , is in no small measure due to the under-investment in british rail since the tory government placed [limits] on the railway system ?

Since 1979 , the Post Office has contributed more than £1 billion in negative external financing limit payments , at 1991 prices , cutting back on investment and milking the customer . Would it not be far better for the Government to end these punitive and ridiculous double tax payments — the Post Office already pays corporation tax — thus allowing it to concentrate on improving the quality of service to customers rather than pursuing abolition of the second delivery in towns and putting restrictions on rural services such as insisting that people have letter boxes at the bottom of their gardens or , in some cases , making people go to village centres for their letters ?
since 1979 , the post office has contributed more than £1 billion in negative external financing limit payments , at 1991 prices , cutting back on investment and milking the customer . would it not be far better for the government to end these punitive and ridiculous double tax payments — the post office already pays corporation tax — thus allowing it to concentrate on improving the quality of service to customers rather than pursuing abolition of the second delivery in towns and putting [limits] on rural services such as insisting that people have letter boxes at the bottom of their gardens or , in some cases , making people go to village centres for their letters ?

Has the Minister accepted the argument which was put strongly to him and to which he listened carefully that day , that it makes no sense for Northumberland to be forced by Government spending restrictions to cut £3.5 million from its education budget when it spends less per pupil than most other authorities ? Will the Minister respond urgently to the constructive plea that was put to him for help through which Northumberland could ease those budgetary restrictions this year and , of course , for an eventual change in that system ?
has the minister accepted the argument which was put strongly to him and to which he listened carefully that day , that it makes no sense for northumberland to be forced by government spending [limits] to cut £3.5 million from its education budget when it spends less per pupil than most other authorities ? will the minister respond urgently to the constructive plea that was put to him for help through which northumberland could ease those budgetary [limits] this year and , of course , for an eventual change in that system ?

Friend continue to put pressure on the 35 countries that still place restrictions on our exporters ?
friend continue to put pressure on the 35 countries that still place [limits] on our exporters ?

He says that there is an alternative to the flood relief scheme , and that is to improve the drainage capacity of the Thames itself by removing obstructions and restrictions to flow which tend to increase river levels , especially when the watercourse is bank full and the weirs fully open .
he says that there is an alternative to the flood relief scheme , and that is to improve the drainage capacity of the thames itself by removing obstructions and [limits] to flow which tend to increase river levels , especially when the watercourse is bank full and the weirs fully open .

Before we start slapping all sorts of controls and restrictions on cars , we ought to find out a little more about the effect that they are really having on the environment .
before we start slapping all sorts of controls and [limits] on cars , we ought to find out a little more about the effect that they are really having on the environment .

Paragraph 4.15 of the non-technical summary rightly states : ’ there will be restrictions on the type of watersports that can be carried out in the Bay .
paragraph 4.15 of the non-technical summary rightly states : ’ there will be [limits] on the type of watersports that can be carried out in the bay .

Only institutions , under increasing restrictions , can buy many important editions .
only institutions , under increasing [limits] , can buy many important editions .

However Bridge restrictions at Dovey Junction were reinforced and the train terminated at Machynlleth .
however bridge [limits] at dovey junction were reinforced and the train terminated at machynlleth .

Planning regulations , pollution controls , speed and weight restrictions on roads , are all methods of reducing external costs .
planning regulations , pollution controls , speed and weight [limits] on roads , are all methods of reducing external costs .

These interests try to persuade government and the general public that the restrictions on competition in their markets is in the public interest and is worthy of state support .
these interests try to persuade government and the general public that the [limits] on competition in their markets is in the public interest and is worthy of state support .

Many professional associations , for example , ban advertising by their members and impose other restrictions on competition , arguing that this is in the interests of their customers .
many professional associations , for example , ban advertising by their members and impose other [limits] on competition , arguing that this is in the interests of their customers .

[ … ] Government-sanctioned restrictions on competition permeate the economy .
[ … ] government-sanctioned [limits] on competition permeate the economy .

Instead , they generally suggest some restrictions on their scope and some modifications of their operation .
instead , they generally suggest some [limits] on their scope and some modifications of their operation .

Internal organization is a class of governance whose distinguishing feature is that a resource owner accepts restrictions on his sole rights to use his resources in whatever way he might choose .
internal organization is a class of governance whose distinguishing feature is that a resource owner accepts [limits] on his sole rights to use his resources in whatever way he might choose .

In respect of the control of capital movements , the Community made a very significant breakthrough in 1988 when it was agreed that all restrictions on such movements between residents in different member states should be removed by July 1990 .
in respect of the control of capital movements , the community made a very significant breakthrough in 1988 when it was agreed that all [limits] on such movements between residents in different member states should be removed by july 1990 .

Except in Scotland ( where electrical wiring is part of the Scottish Building Regulations ) , there are no legal restrictions on anyone carrying out his or her own electrical repairs and alterations .
except in scotland ( where electrical wiring is part of the scottish building regulations ) , there are no legal [limits] on anyone carrying out his or her own electrical repairs and alterations .

There may be a gap between borrowing and lending rates , and quantitative restrictions on borrowing .
there may be a gap between borrowing and lending rates , and quantitative [limits] on borrowing .

Finally , a set of restrictions that ensures existence in the case with several public goods is provided by Slutsky ( 1977 ) .
finally , a set of [limits] that ensures existence in the case with several public goods is provided by slutsky ( 1977 ) .

‘ To persuade the colonel to ask his friends on the council to lift planning restrictions ! ’
‘ to persuade the colonel to ask his friends on the council to lift planning [limits] ! ’

As a result , there will be restrictions for cruise services until 1995 , the transport of strategic goods ( oil and water ) until 1997 , services in ships below 650 gross tonnes until 1998 and regular passenger and ferry services until 1999 .
as a result , there will be [limits] for cruise services until 1995 , the transport of strategic goods ( oil and water ) until 1997 , services in ships below 650 gross tonnes until 1998 and regular passenger and ferry services until 1999 .

The Air Services regulation agreed and signed by the Council of Transport Ministers in Luxembourg on 22 June 1992 was certainly clear in its intent : ‘ Whereas air fares should normally be determined freely by market forces … ’ it begins ; with respect to the question of access of competing airlines to particular routes , it continues , ‘ Whereas it is necessary to abolish restrictions concerning multiple designation … ’
the air services regulation agreed and signed by the council of transport ministers in luxembourg on 22 june 1992 was certainly clear in its intent : ‘ whereas air fares should normally be determined freely by market forces … ’ it begins ; with respect to the question of access of competing airlines to particular routes , it continues , ‘ whereas it is necessary to abolish [limits] concerning multiple designation … ’

To be able to take action ahead of time requires above all the freedom to do so , unfettered by exchange-rate restrictions .
to be able to take action ahead of time requires above all the freedom to do so , unfettered by exchange-rate [limits] .

As the danger to Turkey recedes , the number of restrictions seem to multiply : the country 's nerves grow daily more touchy .
as the danger to turkey recedes , the number of [limits] seem to multiply : the country 's nerves grow daily more touchy .

The central , distinctive idea here is that the rational expectations hypothesis can be seen as imposing restrictions on what we should observe in the world , and so the validity of rational expectations can be tested by testing for the validity of those restrictions .
the central , distinctive idea here is that the rational expectations hypothesis can be seen as imposing [limits] on what we should observe in the world , and so the validity of rational expectations can be tested by testing for the validity of those [limits] .

( In the next section we discuss how ‘ restrictions ’ such as α = 0 and α 1 = 1 can be tested . )
( in the next section we discuss how ‘ [limits] ’ such as α = 0 and α 1 = 1 can be tested . )

The precise statistical formulae for testing the validity of restrictions may appear complex but the essential idea behind them is simple .
the precise statistical formulae for testing the validity of [limits] may appear complex but the essential idea behind them is simple .

If it is assumed that v t and t are normally distributed , it can be shown that the ratio is distributed as an F-variate with g and n - k degrees of freedom , where g is the number of restrictions , n is the number of observations and k is the total number of coefficients being estimated in the unrestricted model .
if it is assumed that v t and t are normally distributed , it can be shown that the ratio is distributed as an f-variate with g and n - k degrees of freedom , where g is the number of [limits] , n is the number of observations and k is the total number of coefficients being estimated in the unrestricted model .

One problem with the above test of a set of restrictions is that , strictly , it can only be applied when the model is linear and the restrictions themselves are linear .
one problem with the above test of a set of [limits] is that , strictly , it can only be applied when the model is linear and the [limits] themselves are linear .

It can be shown that for large samples the statistic , called the likelihood ratio test statistic , is distributed as a chi-square variate with g degrees of freedom where , as before , g is the number of restrictions and ‘ log ’ stands for natural logarithm .
it can be shown that for large samples the statistic , called the likelihood ratio test statistic , is distributed as a chi-square variate with g degrees of freedom where , as before , g is the number of [limits] and ‘ log ’ stands for natural logarithm .

Once again the 's are computed from the model with restrictions imposed and the 's from the unrestricted model .
once again the 's are computed from the model with [limits] imposed and the 's from the unrestricted model .

The intuition behind the test is once again that if the restrictions are valid we would expect the sum of square residuals , and hence their logarithms , to be approximately the same in both the restricted and the unrestricted models .
the intuition behind the test is once again that if the [limits] are valid we would expect the sum of square residuals , and hence their logarithms , to be approximately the same in both the restricted and the unrestricted models .

With linear restrictions on a linear model , then , the F-test is to be preferred for it is valid for any sample size : in most other cases the likelihood ratio test could be used .
with linear [limits] on a linear model , then , the f-test is to be preferred for it is valid for any sample size : in most other cases the likelihood ratio test could be used .

The restrictions generated by rational expectations models are very often non-linear and are also imposed across equations rather than in a single equation .
the [limits] generated by rational expectations models are very often non-linear and are also imposed across equations rather than in a single equation .

In general , it can be shown that for a large sample of size , n , and where all the elements of the matrices and are unrestricted , the statistic : is distributed as a chi-square variate with g degrees of freedom where , once again , g is the number of restrictions on the model .
in general , it can be shown that for a large sample of size , n , and where all the elements of the matrices and are unrestricted , the statistic : is distributed as a chi-square variate with g degrees of freedom where , once again , g is the number of [limits] on the model .

If the restrictions are valid we would expect the generalized variance from the restricted and unrestricted models to be approximately the same .
if the [limits] are valid we would expect the generalized variance from the restricted and unrestricted models to be approximately the same .

The simple consumption function model used above to illustrate the idea of restrictions can also be used to illustrate certain other issues in the econometrics of rational expectations .
the simple consumption function model used above to illustrate the idea of [limits] can also be used to illustrate certain other issues in the econometrics of rational expectations .

An alternative way of dealing with the problem of observational equivalence is to impose a priori what are called exclusion restrictions .
an alternative way of dealing with the problem of observational equivalence is to impose a priori what are called exclusion [limits] .

Exclusion restrictions are a frequent feature of empirical studies involving rational expectations .
exclusion [limits] are a frequent feature of empirical studies involving rational expectations .

As a result the imposition of exclusion restrictions is often a controversial matter .
as a result the imposition of exclusion [limits] is often a controversial matter .

We now provide two examples of ways in which rational expectations has introduced restrictions which can be tested using the methods we have just described .
we now provide two examples of ways in which rational expectations has introduced [limits] which can be tested using the methods we have just described .

Second , rational expectations often introduces restrictions which may be tested against the data .
second , rational expectations often introduces [limits] which may be tested against the data .

( b ) Testing restrictions
( b ) testing [limits]

In a rather different approach the assumption of speculative efficiency may be tested by exploiting the cross-equation restrictions that it implies .
in a rather different approach the assumption of speculative efficiency may be tested by exploiting the cross-equation [limits] that it implies .

In order to see how speculative efficiency imposes restrictions of this sort we shall present a simplified version of the Baillie et al .
in order to see how speculative efficiency imposes [limits] of this sort we shall present a simplified version of the baillie et al .

Imposing these restrictions , we can write equations ( 3.34 ) as :
imposing these [limits] , we can write equations ( 3.34 ) as :

These two equations can be estimated imposing the non-linear restrictions between the coefficients that are implied by speculative efficiency .
these two equations can be estimated imposing the non-linear [limits] between the coefficients that are implied by speculative efficiency .

This example illustrates the general point made earlier in this chapter ; namely , that rational expectations introduces restrictions across equations which may be tested using the likelihood ratio test ( or something similar ) .
this example illustrates the general point made earlier in this chapter ; namely , that rational expectations introduces [limits] across equations which may be tested using the likelihood ratio test ( or something similar ) .

They avoided the necessity of computing the restricted model by estimating the unrestricted model and testing the restrictions using the Wald test .
they avoided the necessity of computing the restricted model by estimating the unrestricted model and testing the [limits] using the wald test .

This test examines the validity of the restrictions without the need to estimate the restricted model .
this test examines the validity of the [limits] without the need to estimate the restricted model .

We turn now to the second example of the way in which rational expectations introduces restrictions which can be tested .
we turn now to the second example of the way in which rational expectations introduces [limits] which can be tested .

In particular , we will see how the assumption of rational expectations places certain testable restrictions on the relationship between long-run and short-run interest rates .
in particular , we will see how the assumption of rational expectations places certain testable [limits] on the relationship between long-run and short-run interest rates .

We will see that if individuals are rational the manner in which they form the expectations in equation ( 3.38 ) places certain testable restrictions on the underlying model .
we will see that if individuals are rational the manner in which they form the expectations in equation ( 3.38 ) places certain testable [limits] on the underlying model .

Now , the important point about the rational expectations assumptions which lead to equation ( 3.42 ) is that they impose restrictions on equation ( 3.43b ) .
now , the important point about the rational expectations assumptions which lead to equation ( 3.42 ) is that they impose [limits] on equation ( 3.43b ) .

To see the form of the restrictions we will work with the very simple case when n = 2 .
to see the form of the [limits] we will work with the very simple case when n = 2 .

Comparing equation ( 3.46 ) with equation ( 3.47 ) we see that rational expectations imposes the restrictions that : and or , alternatively : and
comparing equation ( 3.46 ) with equation ( 3.47 ) we see that rational expectations imposes the [limits] that : and or , alternatively : and

Moreover , we could test the restrictions by comparing the likelihood for the unrestricted equations in ( 3.43 ) with the restricted version where the right-hand sides of equations ( 3.48 ) replace γ and δ in equation ( 3.43b ) .
moreover , we could test the [limits] by comparing the likelihood for the unrestricted equations in ( 3.43 ) with the restricted version where the right-hand sides of equations ( 3.48 ) replace γ and δ in equation ( 3.43b ) .

As we saw earlier in this chapter , the likelihood ratio test statistic could then be compared with a chi-square variate with , in this case , two degrees of freedom since there are two restrictions on the model .
as we saw earlier in this chapter , the likelihood ratio test statistic could then be compared with a chi-square variate with , in this case , two degrees of freedom since there are two [limits] on the model .

Clearly then , as n becomes larger the restrictions placed upon the γ and δ coefficients become more complex .
clearly then , as n becomes larger the [limits] placed upon the γ and δ coefficients become more complex .

Sargent 's derivation of the restrictions for the general case need not concern us here .
sargent 's derivation of the [limits] for the general case need not concern us here .

What we do need to know , however , is how these complex restrictions can be imposed on the term structure model so that the rational expectations assumptions can be tested .
what we do need to know , however , is how these complex [limits] can be imposed on the term structure model so that the rational expectations assumptions can be tested .

Sargent 's suggested solution to this problem can be seen by looking at the simple n = 3 case , which led to the restrictions of equation ( 3.50 ) .
sargent 's suggested solution to this problem can be seen by looking at the simple n = 3 case , which led to the [limits] of equation ( 3.50 ) .

In fact , Sargent shows how the restrictions can be incorporated into a maximum likelihood procedure so that the restrictions can be tested using the likelihood ratio .
in fact , sargent shows how the [limits] can be incorporated into a maximum likelihood procedure so that the [limits] can be tested using the likelihood ratio .

Shiller ( 1980 ) argues , for example , that Sargent 's method of first differencing his data imposes further restrictions on the stochastic properties of his model which he does not test .
shiller ( 1980 ) argues , for example , that sargent 's method of first differencing his data imposes further [limits] on the stochastic properties of his model which he does not test .

This feature occurs because rational expectations generally implies restrictions on the coefficients of the model , and if the restrictions are valid then imposing them should not worsen the model 's explanatory power .
this feature occurs because rational expectations generally implies [limits] on the coefficients of the model , and if the [limits] are valid then imposing them should not worsen the model 's explanatory power .

We have also presented two examples of how rational expectations introduce testable restrictions : in the first we examined the relationship between the spot and the forward exchange rates and in the second we examined the implications for the term structure of interest rates .
we have also presented two examples of how rational expectations introduce testable [limits] : in the first we examined the relationship between the spot and the forward exchange rates and in the second we examined the implications for the term structure of interest rates .

To see what these restrictions are we must first recall the emphasis placed in chapter 2 on variables being determined by processes .
to see what these [limits] are we must first recall the emphasis placed in chapter 2 on variables being determined by processes .

From the model in equation ( 6.14 ) it is possible to explain the cross-equation restrictions .
from the model in equation ( 6.14 ) it is possible to explain the cross-equation [limits] .

Since all the coefficients are estimated simultaneously , the estimated model ( 6.16 ) , which has all the cross-equation restrictions imposed , can be compared with another model which has the same variables on the right-hand side of each equation but in which the cross-equation restrictions are relaxed ; that is , the coefficients on each variable are freely estimated as where are equation errors .
since all the coefficients are estimated simultaneously , the estimated model ( 6.16 ) , which has all the cross-equation [limits] imposed , can be compared with another model which has the same variables on the right-hand side of each equation but in which the cross-equation [limits] are relaxed ; that is , the coefficients on each variable are freely estimated as where are equation errors .

Since in equation ( 6.16 ) we have relaxed the cross-equation restrictions implied by the rational expectations model ( 6.14 ) , we can carry out a likelihood ratio test of the restrictions in equation ( 6.14 ) by comparing its likelihood with that of equation ( 6.17 ) .
since in equation ( 6.16 ) we have relaxed the cross-equation [limits] implied by the rational expectations model ( 6.14 ) , we can carry out a likelihood ratio test of the [limits] in equation ( 6.14 ) by comparing its likelihood with that of equation ( 6.17 ) .

As explained in chapter 3 , if the likelihood ratio test suggests that the cross-equation restrictions are not valid , it implies that the model which imposes them is invalid .
as explained in chapter 3 , if the likelihood ratio test suggests that the cross-equation [limits] are not valid , it implies that the model which imposes them is invalid .

He uses a full information maximum likelihood technique and concludes that ‘ the restrictions implied by the constituent hypothesis of rational expectations and ‘ structural neutrality ’ , as well as by the joint neutrality hypothesis , are not rejected by the sample information at the usual significance levels of five and one per cent ' ( Leiderman , 1980 , p. 80 ) .
he uses a full information maximum likelihood technique and concludes that ‘ the [limits] implied by the constituent hypothesis of rational expectations and ‘ structural neutrality ’ , as well as by the joint neutrality hypothesis , are not rejected by the sample information at the usual significance levels of five and one per cent ' ( leiderman , 1980 , p. 80 ) .

For any single country there are no restrictions imposed on equation ( 6.25 ) by equation ( 6.24 ) .
for any single country there are no [limits] imposed on equation ( 6.25 ) by equation ( 6.24 ) .

These restrict some of the conceivable processes whereby excitation could occur , while allowing others to occur with very few restrictions .
these restrict some of the conceivable processes whereby excitation could occur , while allowing others to occur with very few [limits] .

To see how sensitive the results are to this treatment , Model 1 , the best specification , was re-estimated by imposing the restrictions that and as Models 4 and 5 respectively .
to see how sensitive the results are to this treatment , model 1 , the best specification , was re-estimated by imposing the [limits] that and as models 4 and 5 respectively .

Let , represent the output of incumbent and entrant respectively , then natural restrictions on the parameters would give .
let , represent the output of incumbent and entrant respectively , then natural [limits] on the parameters would give .

After a succession of data-based parameter restrictions we obtained equation ( 2.1 ) in Table 2 .
after a succession of data-based parameter [limits] we obtained equation ( 2.1 ) in table 2 .

However , in the present context , the effects of quota restrictions in oligopolistic markets will have an additional effect of changing the conjectures of the firms competing in the market .
however , in the present context , the effects of quota [limits] in oligopolistic markets will have an additional effect of changing the conjectures of the firms competing in the market .

The parameters in Tables 2 and 3 can now be used to simulate the effects of trade restrictions .
the parameters in tables 2 and 3 can now be used to simulate the effects of trade [limits] .

It removed restrictions on married women teachers .
it removed [limits] on married women teachers .

To them it meant primarily the sweeping away of restrictions and prohibitions , on particular forms of trade , on the free choice of a profession or occupation , on the practice of minority forms of religion .
to them it meant primarily the sweeping away of [limits] and prohibitions , on particular forms of trade , on the free choice of a profession or occupation , on the practice of minority forms of religion .

In 1767 the import and movement of grain was freed from restrictions ; while the craft guilds were suppressed in 1770 and a great survey of landownership begun in 1781 .
in 1767 the import and movement of grain was freed from [limits] ; while the craft guilds were suppressed in 1770 and a great survey of landownership begun in 1781 .

In the East these restrictions were either almost unknown , as in the Ottoman Empire , or were only slowly winning acceptance , as in Russia .
in the east these [limits] were either almost unknown , as in the ottoman empire , or were only slowly winning acceptance , as in russia .

The restrictions which ideas of this kind imposed on the French navy were particularly serious , and can be seen influencing France 's strategy at sea throughout the century .
the [limits] which ideas of this kind imposed on the french navy were particularly serious , and can be seen influencing france 's strategy at sea throughout the century .

… the restrictions that places on them is that it 's quite an unreal course is n't it ?
… the [limits] that places on them is that it 's quite an unreal course is n't it ?

It is still unclear whether this is due to some intrinsic characteristic of people who became nuclear workers , or more likely because of the reduced opportunities or smoking allowed by work restrictions .
it is still unclear whether this is due to some intrinsic characteristic of people who became nuclear workers , or more likely because of the reduced opportunities or smoking allowed by work [limits] .

If the current ( and proposed ) restrictions were eased , and cycles were carried on a ‘ first come , first served ’ basis , you would find many customers willing to accept this .
if the current ( and proposed ) [limits] were eased , and cycles were carried on a ‘ first come , first served ’ basis , you would find many customers willing to accept this .

Please could you look into this and reassess the need for parking restrictions on this particular section of the highway .
please could you look into this and reassess the need for parking [limits] on this particular section of the highway .

Points to consider are the proximity of deciduous trees ( clearing leaves is essential ) , access restrictions for small children ( avoid accidents at all costs ) and light and shade ( water sparkles in sunlight ) .
points to consider are the proximity of deciduous trees ( clearing leaves is essential ) , access [limits] for small children ( avoid accidents at all costs ) and light and shade ( water sparkles in sunlight ) .

check insurance requirements and legal restrictions on various placements ;
check insurance requirements and legal [limits] on various placements ;

However , the employer may inform supervisors and managers of any necessary restrictions on the work or duties of a disabled person and of any necessary accommodations .
however , the employer may inform supervisors and managers of any necessary [limits] on the work or duties of a disabled person and of any necessary accommodations .

iv Should meet the capacity/layout requirements of the meeting within the restrictions set by the safety regulations ( see para 22 a , iv )
iv should meet the capacity/layout requirements of the meeting within the [limits] set by the safety regulations ( see para 22 a , iv )

( iv ) The provisions containing any restrictions on taking leave , and those relating to the calculation of pay during annual leave and on general or public holidays , are contained in the Scheme of Conditions of Service , as are any provisions relating to accrued holiday pay
( iv ) the provisions containing any [limits] on taking leave , and those relating to the calculation of pay during annual leave and on general or public holidays , are contained in the scheme of conditions of service , as are any provisions relating to accrued holiday pay

Conversely , if restrictions on access and use are too draconian , this may discourage potential beneficiaries of the research from attempting consultations through the library system .
conversely , if [limits] on access and use are too draconian , this may discourage potential beneficiaries of the research from attempting consultations through the library system .

Turnpike Road Act — Newhaven became an important Ferry & Packet Station as a result of sand bar restrictions at Leith .
turnpike road act — newhaven became an important ferry & packet station as a result of sand bar [limits] at leith .

This was mainly due to the restrictions on foreign trade and the general shortage of all types of goods .
this was mainly due to the [limits] on foreign trade and the general shortage of all types of goods .

The government 's bank privatization programme faced fresh difficulties [ see pp. 38533 ; 38683 ; 38726 ] after the State Bank of Pakistan ( the country 's central bank ) imposed restrictions on two recently privatized banks .
the government 's bank privatization programme faced fresh difficulties [ see pp. 38533 ; 38683 ; 38726 ] after the state bank of pakistan ( the country 's central bank ) imposed [limits] on two recently privatized banks .

Restrictions on cash withdrawals and expenditure imposed on the Indus Bank in May , following moves to protect its assets after a management dispute , were lifted on July 1 .
[limits] on cash withdrawals and expenditure imposed on the indus bank in may , following moves to protect its assets after a management dispute , were lifted on july 1 .

The incident was linked to restrictions imposed in June on correspondents ' access to sessions of the Supreme Soviet Presidium , permitting only official agencies and the government paper Rossiskaya gazeta .
the incident was linked to [limits] imposed in june on correspondents ' access to sessions of the supreme soviet presidium , permitting only official agencies and the government paper rossiskaya gazeta .

After the meeting it was announced that the Zulus had agreed to support restrictions on the carrying of weapons in areas of unrest .
after the meeting it was announced that the zulus had agreed to support [limits] on the carrying of weapons in areas of unrest .

The announcement was widely hailed in the media as a breakthrough , but the extent of the restrictions was not specified .
the announcement was widely hailed in the media as a breakthrough , but the extent of the [limits] was not specified .

Restrictions on the private ownership and sale of agricultural land were lifted , and land redistributed under previous agrarian reforms might now be used as collateral against agricultural loans .
[limits] on the private ownership and sale of agricultural land were lifted , and land redistributed under previous agrarian reforms might now be used as collateral against agricultural loans .

On April 29 Turkey had lifted restrictions on food exports , while there were reports in May that Australia , Canada and Thailand had also agreed to sell food .
on april 29 turkey had lifted [limits] on food exports , while there were reports in may that australia , canada and thailand had also agreed to sell food .

The deteriorating economy prompted an announcement in November that all foods would be rationed [ for restrictions on consumption of fuel and electricity see pp .
the deteriorating economy prompted an announcement in november that all foods would be rationed [ for [limits] on consumption of fuel and electricity see pp .

June : Relaxation of restrictions [ see p. 37552 ] .
june : relaxation of [limits] [ see p. 37552 ] .

Under circumstances of medical emergency , defined as a situation which involved immediate risk of death or `` substantial and irreversible impairment of major bodily function `` , the restrictions could be overridden .
under circumstances of medical emergency , defined as a situation which involved immediate risk of death or `` substantial and irreversible impairment of major bodily function `` , the [limits] could be overridden .

( Import restrictions , held responsible for a fall in the country 's external trade deficit , reported on Jan. 15 , were understood to have contributed substantially to the scarcity of industrial raw materials and capital goods . )
( import [limits] , held responsible for a fall in the country 's external trade deficit , reported on jan. 15 , were understood to have contributed substantially to the scarcity of industrial raw materials and capital goods . )

On Aug. 21 troops began withdrawing from Moscow and media restrictions were lifted .
on aug. 21 troops began withdrawing from moscow and media [limits] were lifted .

Increased numbers of photocopying and facsimile transmission ( fax ) machines and computers contributed to the evasion of media restrictions .
increased numbers of photocopying and facsimile transmission ( fax ) machines and computers contributed to the evasion of media [limits] .

It included new restrictions on covert action which were designed to prevent a repetition of the actions which led to the Iran-contra scandal .
it included new [limits] on covert action which were designed to prevent a repetition of the actions which led to the iran-contra scandal .

Easing of travel restrictions
easing of travel [limits]

Re-opening of oil refinery — Lifting of currency restrictions — Appeal courts
re-opening of oil refinery — lifting of currency [limits] — appeal courts

Lifting of restrictions on currency withdrawals
lifting of [limits] on currency withdrawals

* Accuracy of figures subject to reporting restrictions in Saudi Arabia and Israel , and to interpretation of intended targets .
* accuracy of figures subject to reporting [limits] in saudi arabia and israel , and to interpretation of intended targets .

Restrictions on media coverage
[limits] on media coverage

On the outbreak of war all parties to the conflict introduced restrictions on reporting .
on the outbreak of war all parties to the conflict introduced [limits] on reporting .

It was acknowledged by political leaders , military commanders , media executives and journalists alike that these restrictions substantially affected the range and type of coverage which would be provided of the fighting .
it was acknowledged by political leaders , military commanders , media executives and journalists alike that these [limits] substantially affected the range and type of coverage which would be provided of the fighting .

It was also generally agreed that the restrictions obscured the extent of the bombing campaign and the destruction in Iraq in the first weeks of the war .
it was also generally agreed that the [limits] obscured the extent of the bombing campaign and the destruction in iraq in the first weeks of the war .

Other allied countries imposed similar restrictions on reporting .
other allied countries imposed similar [limits] on reporting .

Foreign news organizations based in Baghdad had been allowed to report freely in the weeks leading up to the conflict , but after the outbreak of hostilities restrictions were introduced on reporting by foreign journalists .
foreign news organizations based in baghdad had been allowed to report freely in the weeks leading up to the conflict , but after the outbreak of hostilities [limits] were introduced on reporting by foreign journalists .

On Jan. 19 the government had announced that all legal parties would be submitted to certain restrictions , binding them to give prior notice to the municipal authorities of any meeting , demonstration or public gathering , along with details of the organizers .
on jan. 19 the government had announced that all legal parties would be submitted to certain [limits] , binding them to give prior notice to the municipal authorities of any meeting , demonstration or public gathering , along with details of the organizers .

General strike — Miners ' protest march — Lifting of restrictions on use of Kurdish
general strike — miners ' protest march — lifting of [limits] on use of kurdish

Lifting of restrictions on use of Kurdish
lifting of [limits] on use of kurdish

There was concern that the number of intending immigrants could grow dramatically in line with rising unemployment ( especially youth unemployment ) in the east , and political instability , combined with the relaxation of travel restrictions .
there was concern that the number of intending immigrants could grow dramatically in line with rising unemployment ( especially youth unemployment ) in the east , and political instability , combined with the relaxation of travel [limits] .

The erection of further restrictions on the availability of abortions also led to renewed calls from many Democrats in Congress for the enactment of a Freedom of Choice Act to enshrine the principles of Roe v. Wade in federal law .
the erection of further [limits] on the availability of abortions also led to renewed calls from many democrats in congress for the enactment of a freedom of choice act to enshrine the principles of roe v. wade in federal law .

On June 17 the authorities published the text of new regulations which tightened existing restrictions on demonstrations .
on june 17 the authorities published the text of new regulations which tightened existing [limits] on demonstrations .

On June 8 , restrictions were eased somewhat , to allow employees over 28 to leave the Gaza Strip if their workplaces employed 10 or more people from there ( and provided that the individuals qualified for an additional special permit ) .
on june 8 , [limits] were eased somewhat , to allow employees over 28 to leave the gaza strip if their workplaces employed 10 or more people from there ( and provided that the individuals qualified for an additional special permit ) .

This affected only a few thousand people , however , and on June 9 there were protests over the restrictions by Israeli employers whose businesses were threatened , forcing the authorities to lower the age limit to 25 and drop the 10-employee rule .
this affected only a few thousand people , however , and on june 9 there were protests over the [limits] by israeli employers whose businesses were threatened , forcing the authorities to lower the age limit to 25 and drop the 10-employee rule .

Restrictions on political asylum and legalization of illegal immigrants
[limits] on political asylum and legalization of illegal immigrants

Restrictions on agricultural imports remained in place .
[limits] on agricultural imports remained in place .

In October 1990 a proposed customs union and a protocol to end passport restrictions between Turkey and northern Cyprus was denounced by the Cyprus government as further proof of the gradual annexation of northern Cyprus by Turkey .
in october 1990 a proposed customs union and a protocol to end passport [limits] between turkey and northern cyprus was denounced by the cyprus government as further proof of the gradual annexation of northern cyprus by turkey .

In June among the initial measures of Cresson 's government were bills providing for ( i ) hospital reform ( designed to tighten government regulations over private components of the national health system , approved by the National Assembly on its first reading on April 29 , by the Senate on June 7 and finally by the National Assembly on June 19 and prompting protests by 60,000-100,000 people on June 11 ) ; ( ii ) tougher penalties for desecrating graves ( approved on June 14 following the desecration of Jewish graves in Carpentras in May 1990 — see p. 37468 ; for earlier legislation against racism see p. 37683 ) ; and ( iii ) restrictions on telephone tapping ( the latter receiving the approval of the National Assembly on June 13 and of the Senate on June 25 ) .
in june among the initial measures of cresson 's government were bills providing for ( i ) hospital reform ( designed to tighten government regulations over private components of the national health system , approved by the national assembly on its first reading on april 29 , by the senate on june 7 and finally by the national assembly on june 19 and prompting protests by 60,000-100,000 people on june 11 ) ; ( ii ) tougher penalties for desecrating graves ( approved on june 14 following the desecration of jewish graves in carpentras in may 1990 — see p. 37468 ; for earlier legislation against racism see p. 37683 ) ; and ( iii ) [limits] on telephone tapping ( the latter receiving the approval of the national assembly on june 13 and of the senate on june 25 ) .

In the first half of 1991 , however , restrictions were progressively eased , starting with a lifting of credit controls by the central bank on Jan. 1 .
in the first half of 1991 , however , [limits] were progressively eased , starting with a lifting of credit controls by the central bank on jan. 1 .

The government 's promise in its 1991 budget to abolish the restrictions on foreign ownership of Swedish shares had not been realized by mid-year .
the government 's promise in its 1991 budget to abolish the [limits] on foreign ownership of swedish shares had not been realized by mid-year .

The restrictions on withdrawals from bank accounts introduced in President Fernando Collor de Mello 's first anti-inflation plan of March 1990 , was declared illegal by a federal court in Sao Paulo on April 5 .
the [limits] on withdrawals from bank accounts introduced in president fernando collor de mello 's first anti-inflation plan of march 1990 , was declared illegal by a federal court in sao paulo on april 5 .

The field of telecommunications had become politically sensitive since restrictions on simultaneous newspaper and television channel ownership by media groups became law in August 1990 [ see pp .
the field of telecommunications had become politically sensitive since [limits] on simultaneous newspaper and television channel ownership by media groups became law in august 1990 [ see pp .

Under the new restrictions , which came into effect immediately , Palestinians were not permitted to enter Israel without a permit issued by the military authorities .
under the new [limits] , which came into effect immediately , palestinians were not permitted to enter israel without a permit issued by the military authorities .

Several leading Democrats reacted to this by claiming that , were Thornburgh to remain in office , it would raise the appearance of a conflict of interest and would allow him to circumvent some of the restrictions on the raising of electoral funds .
several leading democrats reacted to this by claiming that , were thornburgh to remain in office , it would raise the appearance of a conflict of interest and would allow him to circumvent some of the [limits] on the raising of electoral funds .

Bush 's statement followed reports that he was `` upset , angry and perplexed `` by Sununu 's apparent efforts to circumvent travel restrictions imposed by Bush on May 9 , after an inquiry had revealed that Sununu had made widespread use of military aircraft for personal and Republican Party business .
bush 's statement followed reports that he was `` upset , angry and perplexed `` by sununu 's apparent efforts to circumvent travel [limits] imposed by bush on may 9 , after an inquiry had revealed that sununu had made widespread use of military aircraft for personal and republican party business .

The restrictions on Sununu 's travel arrangements were tightened still further on June 21 .
the [limits] on sununu 's travel arrangements were tightened still further on june 21 .

Foreign investment restrictions were also reduced , down from 75 to 60 closed sectors .
foreign investment [limits] were also reduced , down from 75 to 60 closed sectors .

In a resurgence of the transit dispute between Italy and Austria [ see p. 37689 ] , the Italian Transport Minister , Carlo Bernini , on Oct. 15 ordered the closure of its Alpine border to all goods traffic , in response to Austrian restrictions on granting annual transit passes for Italian lorries .
in a resurgence of the transit dispute between italy and austria [ see p. 37689 ] , the italian transport minister , carlo bernini , on oct. 15 ordered the closure of its alpine border to all goods traffic , in response to austrian [limits] on granting annual transit passes for italian lorries .

Interest rates were increased in September 1989 and restrictions placed on commercial bank lending to dampen down economic activity .
interest rates were increased in september 1989 and [limits] placed on commercial bank lending to dampen down economic activity .

Removal of import restrictions
removal of import [limits]

They also agreed a common strategy to end Latin American restrictions on most Peruvian fish exports .
they also agreed a common strategy to end latin american [limits] on most peruvian fish exports .

The migration seemed largely spontaneous , fuelled by rumours of opportunities abroad and the supposedly imminent imposition of travel restrictions in Albania .
the migration seemed largely spontaneous , fuelled by rumours of opportunities abroad and the supposedly imminent imposition of travel [limits] in albania .

Unrest among Turkish Kurds — Relaxation of cultural restrictions
unrest among turkish kurds — relaxation of cultural [limits]

Following the decision to lift certain sanctions taken by the Commonwealth heads of state [ see p. 38553 ] , countries relaxing restrictions included Canada which on Oct. 22 began to issue visas to South Africans and India which on Oct. 31 lifted " people-to-people " , cultural and academic sanctions .
following the decision to lift certain sanctions taken by the commonwealth heads of state [ see p. 38553 ] , countries relaxing [limits] included canada which on oct. 22 began to issue visas to south africans and india which on oct. 31 lifted " people-to-people " , cultural and academic sanctions .

Commemoration of 1956 — Entry restrictions for foreigners
commemoration of 1956 — entry [limits] for foreigners

Tourism Minister Yannis Kefaloyannis had resigned on Sept. 2 in protest against a proposal to remove restrictions on building hotels close to the shoreline .
tourism minister yannis kefaloyannis had resigned on sept. 2 in protest against a proposal to remove [limits] on building hotels close to the shoreline .

These included consular and visa restrictions , cultural , academic and scientific boycotts , and bans on tourist promotion and direct air links .
these included consular and visa [limits] , cultural , academic and scientific boycotts , and bans on tourist promotion and direct air links .

Other restrictions on freedom of movement and speech and on the right to strike were also lifted on Feb. 17 .
other [limits] on freedom of movement and speech and on the right to strike were also lifted on feb. 17 .

There were still restrictions on foreign travel , he said , for people who held valuable information .
there were still [limits] on foreign travel , he said , for people who held valuable information .

Demonstrations were banned , restrictions placed on the media , and schools closed .
demonstrations were banned , [limits] placed on the media , and schools closed .

Lifting of restrictions for Bosnian refugees
lifting of [limits] for bosnian refugees

For nearly six months it had housed up to 100 people protesting against injustices ranging from human rights abuse , emigration restrictions and mistreatment by bureaucrats to unemployment , homelessness and low pensions .
for nearly six months it had housed up to 100 people protesting against injustices ranging from human rights abuse , emigration [limits] and mistreatment by bureaucrats to unemployment , homelessness and low pensions .

Restrictions were placed on the sale of various amenities and resources .
[limits] were placed on the sale of various amenities and resources .

Additional energy restrictions
additional energy [limits]

The emergency restrictions came in the wake of the failure in 1991 of the Soviet Union to fulfil 50 per cent of its export commitments , particulary vital oil shipments .
the emergency [limits] came in the wake of the failure in 1991 of the soviet union to fulfil 50 per cent of its export commitments , particulary vital oil shipments .

The report maintained that human rights continued to be violated in the territories , and cited house demolitions , deportations and collective restrictions .
the report maintained that human rights continued to be violated in the territories , and cited house demolitions , deportations and collective [limits] .

The whole area was immediately placed under curfew and restrictions were not relaxed until Dec. 15 .
the whole area was immediately placed under curfew and [limits] were not relaxed until dec. 15 .

In a series of subsequent , apparently conciliatory , gestures reported on Dec. 16 , Kurdish leaders agreed to appoint an inquiry into the alleged massacre of 60 Iraqi soldiers in October [ see p. 38548 ] after the government announced that it had lifted restrictions on the acquisition of property by Kurds in the oil-producing town of Kirkuk and issued a decree exempting Kurds from swearing allegiance to the ruling Ba'ath Party .
in a series of subsequent , apparently conciliatory , gestures reported on dec. 16 , kurdish leaders agreed to appoint an inquiry into the alleged massacre of 60 iraqi soldiers in october [ see p. 38548 ] after the government announced that it had lifted [limits] on the acquisition of property by kurds in the oil-producing town of kirkuk and issued a decree exempting kurds from swearing allegiance to the ruling ba'ath party .

Restrictions on co-operation in various commercial fields would be lifted .
[limits] on co-operation in various commercial fields would be lifted .

Thousands of doctors , nurses and other health workers also marched on Nov. 17 in protest at government restrictions on health service expenditure and over pay .
thousands of doctors , nurses and other health workers also marched on nov. 17 in protest at government [limits] on health service expenditure and over pay .

The militants had intensified their campaign in late 1989 , prompting the government to dispatch large numbers of troops to the state and to impose widespread curfews and press restrictions .
the militants had intensified their campaign in late 1989 , prompting the government to dispatch large numbers of troops to the state and to impose widespread curfews and press [limits] .

The government attempted to address the problem with a complex package of restrictions designed to limit landholdings , particularly in the larger cities ; property taxes and capital gains tax were raised , while windfall gains from development projects were subject to heavy levies .
the government attempted to address the problem with a complex package of [limits] designed to limit landholdings , particularly in the larger cities ; property taxes and capital gains tax were raised , while windfall gains from development projects were subject to heavy levies .

During 1990 farmers mobilized considerable support against government plans to reduce restrictions on agricultural imports .
during 1990 farmers mobilized considerable support against government plans to reduce [limits] on agricultural imports .

The Constitution promulgated in November 1990 specifies that no law may be adopted which bans , or imposes restrictions on , political parties .
the constitution promulgated in november 1990 specifies that no law may be adopted which bans , or imposes [limits] on , political parties .

An economic austerity programme was imposed in early 1990 , involving a 10 per cent devaluation of the kina , cuts in government spending , and restrictions on wage increases .
an economic austerity programme was imposed in early 1990 , involving a 10 per cent devaluation of the kina , cuts in government spending , and [limits] on wage increases .

Other demands included improved recreation facilities , an end to overcrowding , fewer restrictions on visiting and `` an end to the policy of physical violence and body searches which aims to humiliate us `` .
other demands included improved recreation facilities , an end to overcrowding , fewer [limits] on visiting and `` an end to the policy of physical violence and body searches which aims to humiliate us `` .

The new law constituted the first major revision of the quotas of legal immigration in 25 years and ranked in importance with the Quota Act of 1921 , which established the first numerical restrictions , and the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 .
the new law constituted the first major revision of the quotas of legal immigration in 25 years and ranked in importance with the quota act of 1921 , which established the first numerical [limits] , and the immigration and nationality act of 1952 .

Many of the ideological restrictions imposed by the 1952 legislation were eased , although the Secretary of State still possessed the authority to bar individuals for political reasons .
many of the ideological [limits] imposed by the 1952 legislation were eased , although the secretary of state still possessed the authority to bar individuals for political reasons .

Taiwan 's policy since late 1987 had involved the gradual easing of restrictions on contacts with the mainland .
taiwan 's policy since late 1987 had involved the gradual easing of [limits] on contacts with the mainland .

Travel restrictions for Rotumans
travel [limits] for rotumans

Press restrictions
press [limits]

West Germany , whose machine tool exports to eastern Europe were estimated in 1989 to have amounted to 45 per cent of its total machine tool exports , had consistently pressed for restrictions to be lifted .
west germany , whose machine tool exports to eastern europe were estimated in 1989 to have amounted to 45 per cent of its total machine tool exports , had consistently pressed for [limits] to be lifted .

Implicit within the ruling was the concept that once an abortion restriction had been upheld in one state , other states could implement it , an interpretation which effectively made it more difficult to challenge the imposition by individual states of restrictions as long as they were within the guidelines established by the Court 's ruling in June 1992 on Roe v. Wade [ see p. 38954 ] .
implicit within the ruling was the concept that once an abortion restriction had been upheld in one state , other states could implement it , an interpretation which effectively made it more difficult to challenge the imposition by individual states of [limits] as long as they were within the guidelines established by the court 's ruling in june 1992 on roe v. wade [ see p. 38954 ] .

The electoral reform law passed on Dec. 13 did not include certain previously agreed provisions designed to help small parties , such as the introduction of restrictions on campaign spending .
the electoral reform law passed on dec. 13 did not include certain previously agreed provisions designed to help small parties , such as the introduction of [limits] on campaign spending .

The government was placed under considerable pressure to persuade the electorate to vote in favour of lifting restrictions on travel and information by a judgment in the European Court of Human Rights ; on Oct. 29 the court ruled that the Irish government had breached the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms when in 1988 its Supreme Court ordered two counselling services to stop giving information about the availability of abortions in the United Kingdom .
the government was placed under considerable pressure to persuade the electorate to vote in favour of lifting [limits] on travel and information by a judgment in the european court of human rights ; on oct. 29 the court ruled that the irish government had breached the european convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms when in 1988 its supreme court ordered two counselling services to stop giving information about the availability of abortions in the united kingdom .

On April 7 Djibouti lifted all trade and travel restrictions whilst Côte d'Ivoire announced the establishment of full diplomatic relations , making it the second African country ( after Malawi ) to exchange ambassadors .
on april 7 djibouti lifted all trade and travel [limits] whilst côte d'ivoire announced the establishment of full diplomatic relations , making it the second african country ( after malawi ) to exchange ambassadors .

Widespread privatization of farmland , state-owned companies and housing was planned , trade restrictions and controls on retail and wholesale prices would be lifted , and a reformed Bank of Albania would have functions clearly distinguished from the commercial banks .
widespread privatization of farmland , state-owned companies and housing was planned , trade [limits] and controls on retail and wholesale prices would be lifted , and a reformed bank of albania would have functions clearly distinguished from the commercial banks .

However , negotiations reportedly took place in a better atmosphere following Syria 's announcement on April 27 of its decision to end travel restrictions for the country 's Jewish community [ see p. 38886 ] .
however , negotiations reportedly took place in a better atmosphere following syria 's announcement on april 27 of its decision to end travel [limits] for the country 's jewish community [ see p. 38886 ] .

Ending of restrictions on travel for Jews
ending of [limits] on travel for jews

Syria announced on April 27 that it had ended restrictions on foreign travel for the country 's 4,500-strong Jewish community .
syria announced on april 27 that it had ended [limits] on foreign travel for the country 's 4,500-strong jewish community .

Saudi Arabia , however , was seen as resistant to further restrictions of its own output .
saudi arabia , however , was seen as resistant to further [limits] of its own output .

Restrictions on nationwide banking would be eliminated over a three-year period .
[limits] on nationwide banking would be eliminated over a three-year period .

State-sector workers went on strike in response , ignoring government restrictions on those in essential services .
state-sector workers went on strike in response , ignoring government [limits] on those in essential services .

The report stated that a `` large number `` of people had been imprisoned under `` law and order `` restrictions .
the report stated that a `` large number `` of people had been imprisoned under `` law and order `` [limits] .

Restrictions on the repatriation of private and corporate profits and capital were also lifted .
[limits] on the repatriation of private and corporate profits and capital were also lifted .

The security forces began easing the curfew restrictions on Feb. 5 .
the security forces began easing the curfew [limits] on feb. 5 .

The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest ( War Restrictions ) Act 1915 restricted the right of landlords of dwelling houses within defined values to increase the rent , except by the amount of any increase in rates or on account of expenditure incurred on improvements .
the increase of rent and mortgage interest ( war [limits] ) act 1915 restricted the right of landlords of dwelling houses within defined values to increase the rent , except by the amount of any increase in rates or on account of expenditure incurred on improvements .

Consequently , rent control was extended by the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest ( Restrictions ) Act 1920 .
consequently , rent control was extended by the increase of rent and mortgage interest ( [limits] ) act 1920 .

My Lords , ever since 1915 the Rent Acts have protected some tenants of residential accommodation with security of tenure and maximum rents … Landlords dislike the Rent Acts and wish to enjoy the benefits of letting property without the burden of the restrictions imposed by the Acts .
my lords , ever since 1915 the rent acts have protected some tenants of residential accommodation with security of tenure and maximum rents … landlords dislike the rent acts and wish to enjoy the benefits of letting property without the burden of the [limits] imposed by the acts .

However , as the statutory definition indicates , there are no restrictions as to the minimum or maximum length of the lease .
however , as the statutory definition indicates , there are no [limits] as to the minimum or maximum length of the lease .

141 made a number of recommendations with respect to covenants in leases which place restrictions upon a tenant 's ability to assign or sublet .
141 made a number of recommendations with respect to covenants in leases which place [limits] upon a tenant 's ability to assign or sublet .

Restrictions on and relief against forfeiture of leases and under-leases
[limits] on and relief against forfeiture of leases and under-leases

You should expect him to listen carefully to those problems and take notes and measurements , paying specific attention to narrow doorways , lifts , steps , working obstructions and restrictions , route conditions and floor or ground surfaces .
you should expect him to listen carefully to those problems and take notes and measurements , paying specific attention to narrow doorways , lifts , steps , working obstructions and [limits] , route conditions and floor or ground surfaces .

There are certain restrictions on the occupier 's freedom to exclude etc .
there are certain [limits] on the occupier 's freedom to exclude etc .

The Rueff plan , which was presented to de Gaulle in mid-November , had three main planks : a substantial devaluation of the franc ( accompanied by the creation of a new franc equivalent to 100 old francs ) ; action to control the budget deficit , both through increased taxes and cuts in governmental expenditure ; and a decision to remove many restrictions on foreign trade and to reduce tariffs on trade with the other five Common Market countries ( in line with a commitment that had been made by the Fourth Republic the year before ) .
the rueff plan , which was presented to de gaulle in mid-november , had three main planks : a substantial devaluation of the franc ( accompanied by the creation of a new franc equivalent to 100 old francs ) ; action to control the budget deficit , both through increased taxes and cuts in governmental expenditure ; and a decision to remove many [limits] on foreign trade and to reduce tariffs on trade with the other five common market countries ( in line with a commitment that had been made by the fourth republic the year before ) .

Hence five main barriers are defined by Cecchini : tariffs , quotas , cost-increasing barriers , market-entry restrictions , and market-distorting activities practised by governments .
hence five main barriers are defined by cecchini : tariffs , quotas , cost-increasing barriers , market-entry [limits] , and market-distorting activities practised by governments .

Agreements to end capital restrictions have been reached and largely implemented .
agreements to end capital [limits] have been reached and largely implemented .

( 13 ) With the consent in writing of all Members for the time being the restrictions imposed by this Article may be waived or varied in relation to any proposed transfer of Shares .
( 13 ) with the consent in writing of all members for the time being the [limits] imposed by this article may be waived or varied in relation to any proposed transfer of shares .

Subject to the Rules and to any rights or restrictions attached to any shares , on a show of hands every member who ( being an individual ) is present in person or ( being a recognised body ) is present by a duly authorised corporate representative [ , not being himself a member entitled to vote , ] shall have one vote and on a poll every member shall have one vote for every share of which he is the holder .
subject to the rules and to any rights or [limits] attached to any shares , on a show of hands every member who ( being an individual ) is present in person or ( being a recognised body ) is present by a duly authorised corporate representative [ , not being himself a member entitled to vote , ] shall have one vote and on a poll every member shall have one vote for every share of which he is the holder .

( 13 ) With the consent in writing of all Members for the time being the restrictions imposed by this Article may be waived or varied in relation to any proposed transfer of Shares .
( 13 ) with the consent in writing of all members for the time being the [limits] imposed by this article may be waived or varied in relation to any proposed transfer of shares .

Subject to the Rules and to any rights or restrictions attached to any shares , on a show of hands every member who ( being an individual ) is present in person or ( being a recognised body ) is present by a duly authorised corporate representative [ , not being himself a member entitled to vote , ] shall have one vote and on a poll every member shall have one vote for every share of which he is the holder .
subject to the rules and to any rights or [limits] attached to any shares , on a show of hands every member who ( being an individual ) is present in person or ( being a recognised body ) is present by a duly authorised corporate representative [ , not being himself a member entitled to vote , ] shall have one vote and on a poll every member shall have one vote for every share of which he is the holder .

Whatever the policies and commitments of a country 's past and current governments may be , it is not possible to exclude the possibility that some future government will not alter the `` irrevocably fixed `` exchange rates of its currency , or impose restrictions on the movement of capital and , thus , secede from the exchange rate union .
whatever the policies and commitments of a country 's past and current governments may be , it is not possible to exclude the possibility that some future government will not alter the `` irrevocably fixed `` exchange rates of its currency , or impose [limits] on the movement of capital and , thus , secede from the exchange rate union .

There are no restrictions to capital movements between the two countries while there exists a high degree of integration of the real sectors of their economies .
there are no [limits] to capital movements between the two countries while there exists a high degree of integration of the real sectors of their economies .

The restrictions embodied in the lexical graph will eliminate some of the paths through the phoneme graph .
the [limits] embodied in the lexical graph will eliminate some of the paths through the phoneme graph .

The Chart parser thus fulfills the architectural requirements outlined above and , in addition , reflects the paring down of the graph-searching task to its barest requirements with few restrictions on how the graph should be constructed and explored .
the chart parser thus fulfills the architectural requirements outlined above and , in addition , reflects the paring down of the graph-searching task to its barest requirements with few [limits] on how the graph should be constructed and explored .

Jokes thus both acknowledge and circumvent conventional restrictions ; the breaking of conventional restraint increases the pleasure of the sexual joke .
jokes thus both acknowledge and circumvent conventional [limits] ; the breaking of conventional restraint increases the pleasure of the sexual joke .

Very little produce is imported , and with the restrictions imposed by a hot climate , meals are based on indigenous ingredients .
very little produce is imported , and with the [limits] imposed by a hot climate , meals are based on indigenous ingredients .

Restriction of the rotation to the surface of the bond angle cone ( Figure 1.3 ) does not in fact alter the `` Gaussian `` chain model appreciably since an `` equivalent random link `` may always be found , whatever the restrictions on bond angle .
restriction of the rotation to the surface of the bond angle cone ( figure 1.3 ) does not in fact alter the `` gaussian `` chain model appreciably since an `` equivalent random link `` may always be found , whatever the [limits] on bond angle .

Similarly , where bending takes place , the restrictions on rotation of one chain link relative to its neighbour imply a coupling of bending and rotation at the level of the chain link .
similarly , where bending takes place , the [limits] on rotation of one chain link relative to its neighbour imply a coupling of bending and rotation at the level of the chain link .

Hence is positive semi-definite and restrictions on its components can be written down — giving an upper bound on each modulus appearing in the normal or `` canonical `` form as a coefficient .
hence is positive semi-definite and [limits] on its components can be written down — giving an upper bound on each modulus appearing in the normal or `` canonical `` form as a coefficient .

Oxygen is a prerequisite for the efficient production of energy in aerobic organisms and yet the diatomic oxygen molecules on which we depend are themselves ‘ diradicals ’ and major promoters of free radical chemistry . Although oxygen is a good oxidising agent ( atom or molecule that accepts electrons from the molecule it oxidises ) , restrictions on the direction of spin of the electrons it accepts means that it usually accepts these one at a time as shown in the following equations :
oxygen is a prerequisite for the efficient production of energy in aerobic organisms and yet the diatomic oxygen molecules on which we depend are themselves ‘ diradicals ’ and major promoters of free radical chemistry . although oxygen is a good oxidising agent ( atom or molecule that accepts electrons from the molecule it oxidises ) , [limits] on the direction of spin of the electrons it accepts means that it usually accepts these one at a time as shown in the following equations :

Teachers work with elderly people , people with learning difficulties , those who are partially sighted or have partial hearing , back pain sufferers , stroke victims and people with other movement limitations or restrictions .
teachers work with elderly people , people with learning difficulties , those who are partially sighted or have partial hearing , back pain sufferers , stroke victims and people with other movement limitations or [limits] .

Fourteen of these patients had dietary restrictions for egg ( three ) , citrus fruits , peanuts , and fish ( 11 ) because of adverse reactions .
fourteen of these patients had dietary [limits] for egg ( three ) , citrus fruits , peanuts , and fish ( 11 ) because of adverse reactions .

In addition , once a class of options has been created there are restrictions on the writing of the contracts :
in addition , once a class of options has been created there are [limits] on the writing of the contracts :

These criteria and restrictions are meant to ensure that the market for the options in any one class can not be manipulated or controlled by any individual or concert party .
these criteria and [limits] are meant to ensure that the market for the options in any one class can not be manipulated or controlled by any individual or concert party .

The restrictions on trading are designed to limit the potential impact of the options market on the stock market .
the [limits] on trading are designed to limit the potential impact of the options market on the stock market .

All markets for securities , options and gilts are frictionless ; i.e. no taxes , no transactions costs , no restrictions on short sales , and all securities are infinitely divisible .
all markets for securities , options and gilts are frictionless ; i.e. no taxes , no transactions costs , no [limits] on short sales , and all securities are infinitely divisible .

An investor can invest in either domestic securities or foreign securities if there are no foreign exchange control restrictions preventing him from doing so .
an investor can invest in either domestic securities or foreign securities if there are no foreign exchange control [limits] preventing him from doing so .

This states that , in the absence of transaction costs and restrictions on capital movements , real rates of interest will be equal in all countries ; arbitrage will ensure that this is the case .
this states that , in the absence of transaction costs and [limits] on capital movements , real rates of interest will be equal in all countries ; arbitrage will ensure that this is the case .

Archaic restrictions on legal remedies were eliminated .
archaic [limits] on legal remedies were eliminated .

The flight of East Germans from their country continued yesterday , despite restrictions on travel to Czechoslovakia and other neighbouring countries .
the flight of east germans from their country continued yesterday , despite [limits] on travel to czechoslovakia and other neighbouring countries .

On paper , however , the vessels would be on the order of the United States , enabling Israel to receive American financing and circumventing West German export restrictions .
on paper , however , the vessels would be on the order of the united states , enabling israel to receive american financing and circumventing west german export [limits] .

The Forest law was universally hated because of the penalties and restrictions it imposed on all classes of the king 's subjects .
the forest law was universally hated because of the penalties and [limits] it imposed on all classes of the king 's subjects .

As Chief Forest Justice he put pressure upon landowners to purchase from the Crown freedom from the restrictions of long dormant Forest laws .
as chief forest justice he put pressure upon landowners to purchase from the crown freedom from the [limits] of long dormant forest laws .

Grievances arising from restrictions on commoners ' rights during the fence month and the period of winter heyning were overcome .
grievances arising from [limits] on commoners ' rights during the fence month and the period of winter heyning were overcome .

Crown rights over vert and venison , the Forest courts and offices , and the burdens and restrictions of the Forest laws and customs were abolished .
crown rights over vert and venison , the forest courts and offices , and the burdens and [limits] of the forest laws and customs were abolished .

As in the period following the Black Death in the fourteenth century , the acute shortage of labour led to a tightening of feudal restrictions on the peasantry .
as in the period following the black death in the fourteenth century , the acute shortage of labour led to a tightening of feudal [limits] on the peasantry .

‘ Gosh ! You mean you could n't before ? But you did n't suffer any restrictions , did you ? ’
‘ gosh ! you mean you could n't before ? but you did n't suffer any [limits] , did you ? ’

What restrictions had been imposed were largely removed in the nineteenth century .
what [limits] had been imposed were largely removed in the nineteenth century .

Although the nineteenth century had seen almost all restrictions on Catholics removed , the loyalists of Ulster still believed that to accept the authority of the Pope was to open the way to papal domination and the erosion of civil liberty .
although the nineteenth century had seen almost all [limits] on catholics removed , the loyalists of ulster still believed that to accept the authority of the pope was to open the way to papal domination and the erosion of civil liberty .

From the earliest weeks , euphoria about military success was quickly dissipated by the economic restrictions and the material impact on daily life , even though , compared with the later years of the war , these appear in retrospect to have been minor forms of interference .
from the earliest weeks , euphoria about military success was quickly dissipated by the economic [limits] and the material impact on daily life , even though , compared with the later years of the war , these appear in retrospect to have been minor forms of interference .

Policing of black-out restrictions was another task which fell to local Party representatives and , in the early war years when air raids seemed scarcely a menace , frequently formed another source of irritation .
policing of black-out [limits] was another task which fell to local party representatives and , in the early war years when air raids seemed scarcely a menace , frequently formed another source of irritation .

New measures against the Church — including the confiscation of monastic property , further restrictions on provision of religious instruction and on publications , the removal of the last nuns from any form a social or educational work , and interference with holy days and with the form of school prayers — were guaranteed to stir up antagonism and unrest in Catholic regions .
new measures against the church — including the confiscation of monastic property , further [limits] on provision of religious instruction and on publications , the removal of the last nuns from any form a social or educational work , and interference with holy days and with the form of school prayers — were guaranteed to stir up antagonism and unrest in catholic regions .

The ‘ Bolsheviks ’ had proved a far tougher enemy than German propaganda had led people to expect ; German losses had mounted alarmingly ; material restrictions on the home front were beginning to bite ; and the end of the war was nowhere in sight .
the ‘ bolsheviks ’ had proved a far tougher enemy than german propaganda had led people to expect ; german losses had mounted alarmingly ; material [limits] on the home front were beginning to bite ; and the end of the war was nowhere in sight .

About three quarters of the contestants at each board are graded as suitable for the candidates ' list , some of them with recommended restrictions ( the Indian doctor was reckoned ‘ suitable for consideration for an ethnic seat ’ ) .
about three quarters of the contestants at each board are graded as suitable for the candidates ' list , some of them with recommended [limits] ( the indian doctor was reckoned ‘ suitable for consideration for an ethnic seat ’ ) .

Rather than concentrate on restrictions it is much easier , at least initially , to consider the positive aspect of healthy eating .
rather than concentrate on [limits] it is much easier , at least initially , to consider the positive aspect of healthy eating .

Thus during the period of restrictions the contras grew , and occasionally even thrived , apparently on air : or on nothing more than the scattered largesse of rich Americans .
thus during the period of [limits] the contras grew , and occasionally even thrived , apparently on air : or on nothing more than the scattered largesse of rich americans .

Mr Stephen Dorrell , 40 , former junior Health Minister , who becomes Financial Secretary to the Treasury , can be classed as a ‘ one-nation ’ Tory in the mould of Mr Peter Walker , placing him at odds with the Conservative government of the day on tighter immigration rules , restrictions on unemployment benefits , early membership of the European Monetary System and monetarism .
mr stephen dorrell , 40 , former junior health minister , who becomes financial secretary to the treasury , can be classed as a ‘ one-nation ’ tory in the mould of mr peter walker , placing him at odds with the conservative government of the day on tighter immigration rules , [limits] on unemployment benefits , early membership of the european monetary system and monetarism .

The editor-in-chief of Izvestia , the most respected national daily newspaper , also said legal action would be taken against the Speaker , for seeking to impose restrictions on the newspaper and employing ‘ Bolshevik psychology ’ to gag the press .
the editor-in-chief of izvestia , the most respected national daily newspaper , also said legal action would be taken against the speaker , for seeking to impose [limits] on the newspaper and employing ‘ bolshevik psychology ’ to gag the press .

They can go as fast as they want and there will be no restrictions .
they can go as fast as they want and there will be no [limits] .

The clubs will wriggle like eels to try to get round whatever restrictions are formulated so the punishments for transgressions of the regulations have to be just as clearly defined as the crimes , and in their application those punishments have to come down as decisively as a guillotine .
the clubs will wriggle like eels to try to get round whatever [limits] are formulated so the punishments for transgressions of the regulations have to be just as clearly defined as the crimes , and in their application those punishments have to come down as decisively as a guillotine .

However , as we begin the fourth year of low rainfall ( an understatement in my area ) and severe watering restrictions , these brunneras are no longer ideal for my garden .
however , as we begin the fourth year of low rainfall ( an understatement in my area ) and severe watering [limits] , these brunneras are no longer ideal for my garden .

‘ If this process of sharp interest rate falls continues , the Bank of Portugal may lift the restrictions on foreign buying of floating rate notes and mutual funds specialising in bonds , ’ believes Miguel Namorado Rosa , an economist at Banco Comercial Portgues .
‘ if this process of sharp interest rate falls continues , the bank of portugal may lift the [limits] on foreign buying of floating rate notes and mutual funds specialising in bonds , ’ believes miguel namorado rosa , an economist at banco comercial portgues .

Mr Andrew Mitchell , prosecuting , said : ‘ There has been no loss to the British Government but there has been avoidance of currency restrictions . ’
mr andrew mitchell , prosecuting , said : ‘ there has been no loss to the british government but there has been avoidance of currency [limits] . ’

Apart from the proposed blanket ban on tobacco advertising , which was ‘ a special case ’ , all similar regulation would increasingly be decided country by country , with no new restrictions planned , he added .
apart from the proposed blanket ban on tobacco advertising , which was ‘ a special case ’ , all similar regulation would increasingly be decided country by country , with no new [limits] planned , he added .

‘ Land prices are much cheaper in France and planning restrictions much more relaxed .
‘ land prices are much cheaper in france and planning [limits] much more relaxed .

The committee also said that solicitors who appear in court should not be subject to the same restrictions as barristers , such as the ‘ cab-rank rule ’ requiring barristers to accept cases on a ‘ first come first served ’ basis .
the committee also said that solicitors who appear in court should not be subject to the same [limits] as barristers , such as the ‘ cab-rank rule ’ requiring barristers to accept cases on a ‘ first come first served ’ basis .

Called Catholics and Sex , it consists of endless complaints about restrictions on sexual behaviour imposed by the Catholic church .
called catholics and sex , it consists of endless complaints about [limits] on sexual behaviour imposed by the catholic church .

It does not seem to take into account that many people may be quite grateful to have restrictions imposed on their sexual behaviour , while others can perfectly well get on with what they want to do and keep quiet about it .
it does not seem to take into account that many people may be quite grateful to have [limits] imposed on their sexual behaviour , while others can perfectly well get on with what they want to do and keep quiet about it .

As residential restrictions on blacks buying houses in white areas are relaxed , he is beginning to pick up black clients just as anxious as their white neighbours to escape the dark forces prowling the streets .
as residential [limits] on blacks buying houses in white areas are relaxed , he is beginning to pick up black clients just as anxious as their white neighbours to escape the dark forces prowling the streets .

These restrictions on testation had disappeared over the greater part of England early in the fourteenth century , but they survived in the province of York till 1692 , in Wales till 1696 , and in London till 1724 .
these [limits] on testation had disappeared over the greater part of england early in the fourteenth century , but they survived in the province of york till 1692 , in wales till 1696 , and in london till 1724 .

The rules of a society and the trusts which bind its property will , in many cases , fetter its freedom of action and the application of its property , in a way very similar to the restrictions which the doctrine of ultra vires imposes on a corporation ; and in the case of some unincorporated societies , such as registered Trade Unions and Friendly Societies , which have received a peculiar status by Statute , the rule of ultra vires has been held directly applicable .
the rules of a society and the trusts which bind its property will , in many cases , fetter its freedom of action and the application of its property , in a way very similar to the [limits] which the doctrine of ultra vires imposes on a corporation ; and in the case of some unincorporated societies , such as registered trade unions and friendly societies , which have received a peculiar status by statute , the rule of ultra vires has been held directly applicable .

But , subject to considerable restrictions on the furtherance of political objects , a Trade Union is empowered by Statute since 1913 to devote its funds to any lawful objects authorized by its rules for the time being .
but , subject to considerable [limits] on the furtherance of political objects , a trade union is empowered by statute since 1913 to devote its funds to any lawful objects authorized by its rules for the time being .

Further , the employment of an agent may be such as to give him an authority to contract on behalf of his principal generally with regard to a wider or narrower class of affairs ; and as between the principal and third parties such authority can not be limited by restrictions imposed by the principal , but not known to third parties .
further , the employment of an agent may be such as to give him an authority to contract on behalf of his principal generally with regard to a wider or narrower class of affairs ; and as between the principal and third parties such authority can not be limited by [limits] imposed by the principal , but not known to third parties .

From a very early period the courts have been opposed to restrictions upon the free alienation of land .
from a very early period the courts have been opposed to [limits] upon the free alienation of land .

In the thirteenth century they got rid of old restrictions which fettered the freedom of alienation in the interest of lords or heirs .
in the thirteenth century they got rid of old [limits] which fettered the freedom of alienation in the interest of lords or heirs .

The Government was tempted to seek alternative partners in the Commonwealth and Europe , but did not do so because the Americans had so much more to offer if the MacMahon restrictions could be circumvented or ameliorated .
the government was tempted to seek alternative partners in the commonwealth and europe , but did not do so because the americans had so much more to offer if the macmahon [limits] could be circumvented or ameliorated .

Even in countries with laws that provide some degree of protection for marine mammals , fishermen are often reluctant to report incidental catches of dolphins or porpoises because they fear having restrictions placed on their use of set-nets .
even in countries with laws that provide some degree of protection for marine mammals , fishermen are often reluctant to report incidental catches of dolphins or porpoises because they fear having [limits] placed on their use of set-nets .

The New Zealand Government 's Department of Conservation therefore proposed the introduction of restrictions on the use of set-nets around Banks Peninsula , through the use of an Act of Parliament which most New Zealanders had probably never heard of .
the new zealand government 's department of conservation therefore proposed the introduction of [limits] on the use of set-nets around banks peninsula , through the use of an act of parliament which most new zealanders had probably never heard of .

The Department of Conservation estimated that 60–80 per cent of the dolphin mortalities of the previous 4 years could have been avoided by such restrictions .
the department of conservation estimated that 60–80 per cent of the dolphin mortalities of the previous 4 years could have been avoided by such [limits] .

Many governments are very strict about imposing restrictions on the importation of foodstuffs which contain excessive concentrations of heavy metals .
many governments are very strict about imposing [limits] on the importation of foodstuffs which contain excessive concentrations of heavy metals .

Sweden : ( where nuclear power provides 46 per cent of the electricity ) : parliament decides to begin phasing out nuclear power in 1995–6 ( but parliament 's restrictions on new hydro-electric power stations and the imposition of a ceiling on carbon dioxide emissions have led to a retreat from the goal of becoming , in 2010 , the first country to terminate nuclear power generation ) .
sweden : ( where nuclear power provides 46 per cent of the electricity ) : parliament decides to begin phasing out nuclear power in 1995–6 ( but parliament 's [limits] on new hydro-electric power stations and the imposition of a ceiling on carbon dioxide emissions have led to a retreat from the goal of becoming , in 2010 , the first country to terminate nuclear power generation ) .

The farmers see a danger that their products will become uncompetitive ; the road freight carriers have similar fears about what will happen if 1992 and the advent of the European single market exposes them to competition from foreign firms unfettered by the restrictions and burdens imposed on the Dutch .
the farmers see a danger that their products will become uncompetitive ; the road freight carriers have similar fears about what will happen if 1992 and the advent of the european single market exposes them to competition from foreign firms unfettered by the [limits] and burdens imposed on the dutch .

An Observer/Harris poll in 1989 revealed the strength of the British voters attachment to their cars : ‘ Voters overwhelmingly backed the continued , untrammelled use of private cars , with 62 per cent disagreeing with further restrictions on their use and a similar number ( 63 per cent ) in favour of a heavy programme of road building .
an observer/harris poll in 1989 revealed the strength of the british voters attachment to their cars : ‘ voters overwhelmingly backed the continued , untrammelled use of private cars , with 62 per cent disagreeing with further [limits] on their use and a similar number ( 63 per cent ) in favour of a heavy programme of road building .

At the same time , Alan Smith , the England manager , announced that England would not play the second Test as it was ‘ no longer possible for the Test team to be chosen without restrictions being imposed ’ .
at the same time , alan smith , the england manager , announced that england would not play the second test as it was ‘ no longer possible for the test team to be chosen without [limits] being imposed ’ .

Above all she sought — and hoped — to prepare herself in every way for modern motherhood , free of the restrictions that had marked her own unhappy upbringing .
above all she sought — and hoped — to prepare herself in every way for modern motherhood , free of the [limits] that had marked her own unhappy upbringing .

They will not accept higher energy taxes or any restrictions on their right to drive .
they will not accept higher energy taxes or any [limits] on their right to drive .

Among them is one that would lift restrictions on the voting rights of shares .
among them is one that would lift [limits] on the voting rights of shares .

Faced with an airline industry desperate for cash , America 's transport department is to relax restrictions on foreign investment in American airlines .
faced with an airline industry desperate for cash , america 's transport department is to relax [limits] on foreign investment in american airlines .

Switzerland 's parliamentarians , who until then had favoured continuing restrictions on foreigners , hastily changed their minds .
switzerland 's parliamentarians , who until then had favoured continuing [limits] on foreigners , hastily changed their minds .

The first will aim to remove restrictions on where the funds can invest , and who can manage them .
the first will aim to remove [limits] on where the funds can invest , and who can manage them .

After the war , American occupation authorities disbanded the zaibatsu , but many of these companies later regrouped themselves after the Americans left and restrictions on cross-holdings and other ties were relaxed .
after the war , american occupation authorities disbanded the zaibatsu , but many of these companies later regrouped themselves after the americans left and [limits] on cross-holdings and other ties were relaxed .

Britain bans cigarette advertising on television , but , with tough restrictions , allows other tobacco advertising .
britain bans cigarette advertising on television , but , with tough [limits] , allows other tobacco advertising .

Now the European Parliament wants tougher restrictions still .
now the european parliament wants tougher [limits] still .

China 's austerity programme last year cut both domestic consumption and ( partly through trade restrictions ) imports .
china 's austerity programme last year cut both domestic consumption and ( partly through trade [limits] ) imports .

America 's restrictions on its citizens visiting Vietnam would then be lifted .
america 's [limits] on its citizens visiting vietnam would then be lifted .

Still , the demand grows for more compensation , for better-defined danger zones , for tougher restrictions on food grown in contaminated areas .
still , the demand grows for more compensation , for better-defined danger zones , for tougher [limits] on food grown in contaminated areas .

Freed from restrictions about who to lend to or how much to pay to depositors , and freed from the responsibility of supporting their corporate clients through thin times , American and British commercial banks are weaker than at any time in the past 50 years .
freed from [limits] about who to lend to or how much to pay to depositors , and freed from the responsibility of supporting their corporate clients through thin times , american and british commercial banks are weaker than at any time in the past 50 years .

The Commission hopes that the threat of new restrictions on cars , this time on the Europe-wide level , will spur the Japanese to do more in this area than they have to date .
the commission hopes that the threat of new [limits] on cars , this time on the europe-wide level , will spur the japanese to do more in this area than they have to date .

Reporting restrictions were not lifted .
reporting [limits] were not lifted .

Some of the farms put under restrictions yesterday have already supplied milk for public consumption , but officials were confident there had been no threat to health .
some of the farms put under [limits] yesterday have already supplied milk for public consumption , but officials were confident there had been no threat to health .

They stressed London 's constant theme of ever-more open markets which chalked up a success with this week 's unexpected decision to break down restrictions on competition in the European airline industry .
they stressed london 's constant theme of ever-more open markets which chalked up a success with this week 's unexpected decision to break down [limits] on competition in the european airline industry .

His restrictions are among the most severe imposed on about 700 activists under emergency laws .
his [limits] are among the most severe imposed on about 700 activists under emergency laws .

Mr Tom Crosby , London chief ambulance officer , said that a ‘ safe and reliable service ’ could not be run in the capital under restrictions operated by crews .
mr tom crosby , london chief ambulance officer , said that a ‘ safe and reliable service ’ could not be run in the capital under [limits] operated by crews .

There is no limit to how far ahead you can book nor , often , on length of stay , although popular hostels may impose restrictions to give everyone a fair chance .
there is no limit to how far ahead you can book nor , often , on length of stay , although popular hostels may impose [limits] to give everyone a fair chance .

Restrictions on water use have been imposed this month in areas of the south and east of the country , which is experiencing the worst drought this century .
[limits] on water use have been imposed this month in areas of the south and east of the country , which is experiencing the worst drought this century .

It has declined to lift restrictions that would prevent the beneficiaries from voting on the proposals , which are supported in respect of 79 p.c .
it has declined to lift [limits] that would prevent the beneficiaries from voting on the proposals , which are supported in respect of 79 p.c .

There can also be restrictions on the repayment method used and it may be compulsory to take out house and contents insurance with the lender .
there can also be [limits] on the repayment method used and it may be compulsory to take out house and contents insurance with the lender .

He was constantly at odds with the Professional Golfers ' Association , once declining to play in the Ryder Cup match because of petty restrictions put on the players .
he was constantly at odds with the professional golfers ' association , once declining to play in the ryder cup match because of petty [limits] put on the players .

However , restrictions are less onerous than in most other parts of the Middle East .
however , [limits] are less onerous than in most other parts of the middle east .

New York Democrat Congressman Charles Schumer has written to the Tokyo Finance Ministry protesting at ‘ unfair restrictions ’ on non-Japanese firms trading in futures and derivatives .
new york democrat congressman charles schumer has written to the tokyo finance ministry protesting at ‘ unfair [limits] ’ on non-japanese firms trading in futures and derivatives .

In 1980 the Electricity Council anticipated forthcoming battles in its Medium Term Development Plan : ‘ We are aware that environmentalist pressure could lead to arbitrary restrictions on emissions .
in 1980 the electricity council anticipated forthcoming battles in its medium term development plan : ‘ we are aware that environmentalist pressure could lead to arbitrary [limits] on emissions .

By picking away at every factual link in the chain from furnace to fishless lake , Britain 's electricity industry hoped to avoid any restrictions on atmospheric discharges , whether ‘ arbitrary ’ or not .
by picking away at every factual link in the chain from furnace to fishless lake , britain 's electricity industry hoped to avoid any [limits] on atmospheric discharges , whether ‘ arbitrary ’ or not .

Industry lobbied against stringent restrictions .
industry lobbied against stringent [limits] .

Details of any import restrictions or payment restrictions imposed by the government of the foreign country .
details of any import [limits] or payment [limits] imposed by the government of the foreign country .

Advice as to the most appropriate form in which to take their travel funds to balance security with convenience while bearing in mind any restrictions or peculiarities of the region to be visited .
advice as to the most appropriate form in which to take their travel funds to balance security with convenience while bearing in mind any [limits] or peculiarities of the region to be visited .

Owing to space restrictions , sail boards are not allowed on charter flights .
owing to space [limits] , sail boards are not allowed on charter flights .

We will remove these restrictions .
we will remove these [limits] .

We will remove unjustified restrictions on broadcasting and establish an urgent enquiry by the Monopolies and Mergers Commission into the concentration of media ownership .
we will remove unjustified [limits] on broadcasting and establish an urgent enquiry by the monopolies and mergers commission into the concentration of media ownership .

We will review the 80 or so statutory restrictions which exist on the disclosure of information — retaining only those needed to protect privacy and essential confidentiality .
we will review the 80 or so statutory [limits] which exist on the disclosure of information — retaining only those needed to protect privacy and essential confidentiality .

Their positioning is generally flexible , but there may be restrictions on the number you can install .
their positioning is generally flexible , but there may be [limits] on the number you can install .

While , for a time , they were available only to manufacturing companies or allied service industries , these restrictions have been relaxed to include most types of business .
while , for a time , they were available only to manufacturing companies or allied service industries , these [limits] have been relaxed to include most types of business .

For example , there may be restrictions on the catchment area from which you can expect to recruit , or particular requirements in terms of communication about the vacancy .
for example , there may be [limits] on the catchment area from which you can expect to recruit , or particular requirements in terms of communication about the vacancy .

She had walked away from finishing school and she had walked away from Miss Vacani 's ; and her parents had never sought to interfere with her freedom , or impose restrictions on her .
she had walked away from finishing school and she had walked away from miss vacani 's ; and her parents had never sought to interfere with her freedom , or impose [limits] on her .

He challenged the unions to lift restrictions on radios , the movement of staff between stations and the carrying of seriously ill patients .
he challenged the unions to lift [limits] on radios , the movement of staff between stations and the carrying of seriously ill patients .

The unions were challenged to lift restrictions on radios , the movement of staff between stations and the carrying of seriously-ill patients .
the unions were challenged to lift [limits] on radios , the movement of staff between stations and the carrying of seriously-ill patients .

Equally bad from the point of view of damp exclusion in the circumstance of a breach appearing in the roof surface , and even worse in terms of the restrictions it places on the opportunities for salvaging slates in any wholesale reconditioning of the roof covering , is the arrangement in which the slates are nailed directly to boarding , no fixing battens having been incorporated .
equally bad from the point of view of damp exclusion in the circumstance of a breach appearing in the roof surface , and even worse in terms of the [limits] it places on the opportunities for salvaging slates in any wholesale reconditioning of the roof covering , is the arrangement in which the slates are nailed directly to boarding , no fixing battens having been incorporated .

Are there any Royal flights on today , or any other airspace restrictions ?
are there any royal flights on today , or any other airspace [limits] ?

The rise in cinema admissions and consolidation of the industry 's structure meant that , when the restrictions on subject matter were lifted at the end of the war , filmmakers could fully stretch their imaginations on stories that seemed relevant to the post-war mood .
the rise in cinema admissions and consolidation of the industry 's structure meant that , when the [limits] on subject matter were lifted at the end of the war , filmmakers could fully stretch their imaginations on stories that seemed relevant to the post-war mood .

Changes to current restrictions on selective sackings and rehiring form a key plank of planned legislation .
changes to current [limits] on selective sackings and rehiring form a key plank of planned legislation .

When Mr Graham first appeared in court reporting restrictions were lifted and Lorna Burns , for the prosecution , described how police arrived at the flats to find a man with a scarf around his face lying unconscious on the first-floor landing with a stab wound in his chest .
when mr graham first appeared in court reporting [limits] were lifted and lorna burns , for the prosecution , described how police arrived at the flats to find a man with a scarf around his face lying unconscious on the first-floor landing with a stab wound in his chest .

Punishment in the community would not ease prison overcrowding , he said , unless some form of sentencing restrictions were introduced to ensure courts did not impose jail sentences for minor offences and infringements of parole or bail restrictions .
punishment in the community would not ease prison overcrowding , he said , unless some form of sentencing [limits] were introduced to ensure courts did not impose jail sentences for minor offences and infringements of parole or bail [limits] .

The proposal came amid fears that the Ministry of Agriculture might introduce tougher restrictions or even an outright ban .
the proposal came amid fears that the ministry of agriculture might introduce tougher [limits] or even an outright ban .

Despite recent pleas from the Bar and solicitors , the Lord Chancellor declined to say explicitly whether he backed the idea of special restrictions in some cases .
despite recent pleas from the bar and solicitors , the lord chancellor declined to say explicitly whether he backed the idea of special [limits] in some cases .

His marriage to another woman , an immutable fact , posed even greater restrictions on their fledgling nuclear romance .
his marriage to another woman , an immutable fact , posed even greater [limits] on their fledgling nuclear romance .

With all the airspace restrictions in operation it is most important to keep track of your location so that the glider does not inadvertently stray into controlled airspace or other restricted areas .
with all the airspace [limits] in operation it is most important to keep track of your location so that the glider does not inadvertently stray into controlled airspace or other restricted areas .

Many people get it into their minds that it is a serious condition and restrictions on sexual activity , the forbidding of alcohol , and prolonged treatment do nothing to dispel this mistaken belief .
many people get it into their minds that it is a serious condition and [limits] on sexual activity , the forbidding of alcohol , and prolonged treatment do nothing to dispel this mistaken belief .

So are restrictions about to tighten like a drysuit seal around our necks ? Will we forever be free to roam the underwater kingdom , to bring home our supper ?
so are [limits] about to tighten like a drysuit seal around our necks ? will we forever be free to roam the underwater kingdom , to bring home our supper ?

Very often this aspect of rehabilitation is overlooked because once a person starts to walk without discomfort or restrictions the strengthening programme is stopped .
very often this aspect of rehabilitation is overlooked because once a person starts to walk without discomfort or [limits] the strengthening programme is stopped .

That 's official , part of long-urged Government restrictions on the mis-use of the word ‘ natural ’ in food labelling and advertising .
that 's official , part of long-urged government [limits] on the mis-use of the word ‘ natural ’ in food labelling and advertising .

If a regular source of swill is available nearby , pig-keeping can be profitable , but health regulations impose severe restrictions on swill feeding .
if a regular source of swill is available nearby , pig-keeping can be profitable , but health regulations impose severe [limits] on swill feeding .

Christian Barman , who had written of Britain 's country stations ‘ No country in the world has a collection of minor stations that can begin to compare with ours for sheer quality ’ , prepared for the Great Western Railway just after the war a detailed prospectus for the modernization and transformation of the company 's image , operations , and buildings after the lifting of wartime restrictions .
christian barman , who had written of britain 's country stations ‘ no country in the world has a collection of minor stations that can begin to compare with ours for sheer quality ’ , prepared for the great western railway just after the war a detailed prospectus for the modernization and transformation of the company 's image , operations , and buildings after the lifting of wartime [limits] .

In such cases there is a reluctance to part with the house except on impossible terms : on a short lease or without any land to give it a moderate degree of privacy ; or there may be restrictions on the uses that are allowed — community uses only , perhaps , to be financed from public funds , which are not forthcoming .
in such cases there is a reluctance to part with the house except on impossible terms : on a short lease or without any land to give it a moderate degree of privacy ; or there may be [limits] on the uses that are allowed — community uses only , perhaps , to be financed from public funds , which are not forthcoming .

Unfortunately , as we were going to press , due to the escalation of the war and increasing press restrictions , our reporter in Saudi Arabia was unable to submit her article .
unfortunately , as we were going to press , due to the escalation of the war and increasing press [limits] , our reporter in saudi arabia was unable to submit her article .

No loos , and Ellie 's Sandwich Bar on Piccadilly Circus is long gone too , and , if you fancy a refreshing beverage while you 're waiting ( endlessly ) at Sloane Square , tough luck-that platform pub has gone too , a victim of No Smoking restrictions .
no loos , and ellie 's sandwich bar on piccadilly circus is long gone too , and , if you fancy a refreshing beverage while you 're waiting ( endlessly ) at sloane square , tough luck-that platform pub has gone too , a victim of no smoking [limits] .

The bill is expected to sweep aside restrictions under the 1981 British Nationality Act which require six months prior residence before the granting of citizenship .
the bill is expected to sweep aside [limits] under the 1981 british nationality act which require six months prior residence before the granting of citizenship .

The bill is expected to sweep aside restrictions under the 1981 British Nationality Act which require six months prior residence before the granting of citizenship .
the bill is expected to sweep aside [limits] under the 1981 british nationality act which require six months prior residence before the granting of citizenship .

Restrictions on footballers in Eastern Europe playing abroad have gradually been eased as Poles , Soviets and others have come to regard the export of players as a useful means of acquiring hard currency .
[limits] on footballers in eastern europe playing abroad have gradually been eased as poles , soviets and others have come to regard the export of players as a useful means of acquiring hard currency .

First , the abolition of government restrictions on bank lending in 1980 paved the way for the banks to move forcefully into the mortgage market .
first , the abolition of government [limits] on bank lending in 1980 paved the way for the banks to move forcefully into the mortgage market .

Lower trade barriers permitted their development , and Japanese government restrictions on overseas investment encouraged companies that treated markets on a global basis and benefitted from economies of scale .
lower trade barriers permitted their development , and japanese government [limits] on overseas investment encouraged companies that treated markets on a global basis and benefitted from economies of scale .

The future behaviour of Japan , then , may be analysed in terms of the balance between commercial self-interest and the basic protectionist nature of many of the trade restrictions which still exist .
the future behaviour of japan , then , may be analysed in terms of the balance between commercial self-interest and the basic protectionist nature of many of the trade [limits] which still exist .

The restrictions on that country 's course of action are therefore less powerful than in the case of the Japanese example above , and its future behaviour is less suited to accurate prediction .
the [limits] on that country 's course of action are therefore less powerful than in the case of the japanese example above , and its future behaviour is less suited to accurate prediction .

The point of antitrust laws is to prevent restrictions on competition .
the point of antitrust laws is to prevent [limits] on competition .

Restrictions availability of foreign currency to pay for imports .
[limits] availability of foreign currency to pay for imports .

’ Families with a high status can , if they wish , be free of many traditional restrictions .
’ families with a high status can , if they wish , be free of many traditional [limits] .

We have referred to council rents , but , of course , these are the only ones which are not frozen by the Rent Restrictions Acts .
we have referred to council rents , but , of course , these are the only ones which are not frozen by the rent [limits] acts .

Artists of various kinds complained of the restrictions under which they laboured .
artists of various kinds complained of the [limits] under which they laboured .

Your decision when choosing a course will probably be influenced by location , time restrictions and whether the way the course is structured suits you .
your decision when choosing a course will probably be influenced by location , time [limits] and whether the way the course is structured suits you .

footballers were hedged around by restrictions on personal mobility and income whilst the residence qualifications for county cricketers prevented a cricketing equivalent of the football transfer system .
footballers were hedged around by [limits] on personal mobility and income whilst the residence qualifications for county cricketers prevented a cricketing equivalent of the football transfer system .

Yet both professional footballers and cricketers were subjected to unreasonable restrictions and working practices .
yet both professional footballers and cricketers were subjected to unreasonable [limits] and working practices .

Only age restrictions , which would be costly to clubs already financially hard-pressed as well as being difficult to enforce , could stop this .
only age [limits] , which would be costly to clubs already financially hard-pressed as well as being difficult to enforce , could stop this .

Another industry chief reiterating his position at Geneva was Fiat SpA chairman Gianni Agnelli , who said that Japanese penetration would be limited to 15 to 18 per cent for a transitional period , and after that all restrictions should be dropped .
another industry chief reiterating his position at geneva was fiat spa chairman gianni agnelli , who said that japanese penetration would be limited to 15 to 18 per cent for a transitional period , and after that all [limits] should be dropped .

There is a lot of evidence that such internal restrictions occur in all the accounts of descent groups amassed by anthropologists .
there is a lot of evidence that such internal [limits] occur in all the accounts of descent groups amassed by anthropologists .

Czechoslovakia was the last place they could travel to without restrictions .
czechoslovakia was the last place they could travel to without [limits] .

‘ We have got to do a great deal more about restrictions on motor vehicles and give the cities back to the people .
‘ we have got to do a great deal more about [limits] on motor vehicles and give the cities back to the people .

That the restrictions are at last to be lifted in part reflects universal acknowledgement that terror of the communications revolution has been a prime contributor to the technological backwardness of the country .
that the [limits] are at last to be lifted in part reflects universal acknowledgement that terror of the communications revolution has been a prime contributor to the technological backwardness of the country .

On Sunday West Germany had complained about the police presence around its embassy , and the slackening of restrictions is thought to have reflected an apparent Czechoslovak desire to remain as far as possible on good terms with both Germanies .
on sunday west germany had complained about the police presence around its embassy , and the slackening of [limits] is thought to have reflected an apparent czechoslovak desire to remain as far as possible on good terms with both germanies .

Earlier , East Germany imposed restrictions on travel to Czechoslovakia .
earlier , east germany imposed [limits] on travel to czechoslovakia .

Corrosion , flammability , toxicity , governmental restrictions , temperature considerations , air sensitivity etc .
corrosion , flammability , toxicity , governmental [limits] , temperature considerations , air sensitivity etc .

Also , the most impressive output will require colour , 32-bit QuickDraw and a laser printer , while memory and processing speed may place some restrictions on molecular size .
also , the most impressive output will require colour , 32-bit quickdraw and a laser printer , while memory and processing speed may place some [limits] on molecular size .

This uneasy compromise was not a major difficulty during the first few years as the national economic problems of the early thirties , reductions in public expenditure and depressed employment conditions all led to severe restrictions on the development of adult education .
this uneasy compromise was not a major difficulty during the first few years as the national economic problems of the early thirties , reductions in public expenditure and depressed employment conditions all led to severe [limits] on the development of adult education .

Until 1936 , the other rural counties in the District were regarded as ‘ open territory ’ but in that year a partial relaxation over public expenditure restrictions occurred and the issues inherent in the compromise over the rural areas agreement between the Cambridge Board and the District emerged in sharply focussed ways .
until 1936 , the other rural counties in the district were regarded as ‘ open territory ’ but in that year a partial relaxation over public expenditure [limits] occurred and the issues inherent in the compromise over the rural areas agreement between the cambridge board and the district emerged in sharply focussed ways .

Jacques was also fortunate in that within a few months of taking up his appointment , the government 's public expenditure restrictions imposed in the economic crisis of 1931 were relaxed in 1935- 36 with the restoration of progressive grants and the encouragement of new provision in adult education , outlined in the Board of Education 's Circular 1444 .
jacques was also fortunate in that within a few months of taking up his appointment , the government 's public expenditure [limits] imposed in the economic crisis of 1931 were relaxed in 1935- 36 with the restoration of progressive grants and the encouragement of new provision in adult education , outlined in the board of education 's circular 1444 .

In addition , restrictions on the mobility of available tutors through the combined effects of severe petrol rationing and the withdrawal or serious unpunctuality of public transport services further curtailed the list of those tutors who were available for teaching .
in addition , [limits] on the mobility of available tutors through the combined effects of severe petrol rationing and the withdrawal or serious unpunctuality of public transport services further curtailed the list of those tutors who were available for teaching .

Restrictions by the Ministry on grant made available for new appointments also meant that vacancies between the resignation of one tutor-organiser and the arrival of a successor could be prolonged .
[limits] by the ministry on grant made available for new appointments also meant that vacancies between the resignation of one tutor-organiser and the arrival of a successor could be prolonged .

One major worry was finance : in the years when deficits were avoided , it was as a result of stringent economies , such as unpaid overtime in the District Office and restrictions on the course programme .
one major worry was finance : in the years when deficits were avoided , it was as a result of stringent economies , such as unpaid overtime in the district office and [limits] on the course programme .

In these days of restrictions on capital investment it makes good sense to adapt to current and probable future needs when incurring capital expenditure .
in these days of [limits] on capital investment it makes good sense to adapt to current and probable future needs when incurring capital expenditure .

However , this was a time when there was some easing of the restrictions against the Nonconformists .
however , this was a time when there was some easing of the [limits] against the nonconformists .

As in Italy , during the previous year , a political party appeared in Germany in 1920 , led by Adolph Hitler , called the National Socialists — Nazi for short — vowing to unify all Germans and arrange for the abolition of the Treaty of Versailles , which imposed heavy reparations and restrictions on Germany .
as in italy , during the previous year , a political party appeared in germany in 1920 , led by adolph hitler , called the national socialists — nazi for short — vowing to unify all germans and arrange for the abolition of the treaty of versailles , which imposed heavy reparations and [limits] on germany .

March 1948 , the Russians imposed restrictions on traffic between the western zones and Berlin , which led , on 25th June to the Russians imposing a complete blockade of traffic into Berlin .
march 1948 , the russians imposed [limits] on traffic between the western zones and berlin , which led , on 25th june to the russians imposing a complete blockade of traffic into berlin .

Farming policy in Cumbria was greatly influenced by the heavy rainfall and the restrictions imposed by the National Park Regulations .
farming policy in cumbria was greatly influenced by the heavy rainfall and the [limits] imposed by the national park regulations .

Restrictions Placed by Farm on Off-Farm Employment
[limits] placed by farm on off-farm employment

The restrictions imposed by lack of capital have already been mentioned .
the [limits] imposed by lack of capital have already been mentioned .

We have seen how the off-farm job could place some restrictions on the farm and vice versa but there were also benefits to the farm from the off-farm employment .
we have seen how the off-farm job could place some [limits] on the farm and vice versa but there were also benefits to the farm from the off-farm employment .

She would need some encouragement from her husband and he would have to display some discipline , ( a ) to provide the information for preparation of the budgets , and ( b ) to accept the result of the exercise and implement any necessary restrictions in buying , etc .
she would need some encouragement from her husband and he would have to display some discipline , ( a ) to provide the information for preparation of the budgets , and ( b ) to accept the result of the exercise and implement any necessary [limits] in buying , etc .

It gives her a role as a pseudo-ambassador to the region and she has been granted a special travel visa allowing access to the area without the normal restrictions on foreigners .
it gives her a role as a pseudo-ambassador to the region and she has been granted a special travel visa allowing access to the area without the normal [limits] on foreigners .

The punitive approach anticipated for the Probation Service in the White Paper is underpinned by a definition of punishment that resides ‘ in the restrictions on liberty and in the enforcement of the orders ’ .
the punitive approach anticipated for the probation service in the white paper is underpinned by a definition of punishment that resides ‘ in the [limits] on liberty and in the enforcement of the orders ’ .

The idea espoused in the White Paper that restrictions on liberty will become ‘ the connecting thread in a range of community penalties as well as custody ’ ( p. 19 , para .
the idea espoused in the white paper that [limits] on liberty will become ‘ the connecting thread in a range of community penalties as well as custody ’ ( p. 19 , para .

Pat Bliss , the Reading co-promoter , said : ‘ After our success in 1990 , we had to weaken the side to comply with the sport 's restrictions .
pat bliss , the reading co-promoter , said : ‘ after our success in 1990 , we had to weaken the side to comply with the sport 's [limits] .

The Act of 1922 had never been fully implemented due to the fiscal restrictions of the Weimar Republic and later the fascist infringements of democratic rights .
the act of 1922 had never been fully implemented due to the fiscal [limits] of the weimar republic and later the fascist infringements of democratic rights .

Perhaps the most famous weapon of the Franks was the sword : Frankish swords were in great demand across Europe for their balance and temper , and a number of restrictions were issued by Charlemagne controlling their export .
perhaps the most famous weapon of the franks was the sword : frankish swords were in great demand across europe for their balance and temper , and a number of [limits] were issued by charlemagne controlling their export .

Restrictions .
[limits] .

They feel , for example , that St Paul 's restrictions on women 's activities — in the early Christian communities to whom he was writing — are to be seen as regulations applying in all situations in the Church for all time .
they feel , for example , that st paul 's [limits] on women 's activities — in the early christian communities to whom he was writing — are to be seen as regulations applying in all situations in the church for all time .

National histories and political contexts have to be taken into account ; Marilou Diaz-Abaya explained for example that the Marcos regime had encouraged and subsidised an indigenous entertainments ' fiction-film industry in the Philippines , but had put severe restrictions upon the making of documentary .
national histories and political contexts have to be taken into account ; marilou diaz-abaya explained for example that the marcos regime had encouraged and subsidised an indigenous entertainments ' fiction-film industry in the philippines , but had put severe [limits] upon the making of documentary .

Mr Marchant argues that to make sure sponsorship is transparent to viewers , as the new Broadcasting Bill will insist , sponsors should be given far more prominence than the present restrictions to discreet and static front and end credits on programmes .
mr marchant argues that to make sure sponsorship is transparent to viewers , as the new broadcasting bill will insist , sponsors should be given far more prominence than the present [limits] to discreet and static front and end credits on programmes .

Most have no-smoking areas or designated smoking rooms , but more than half the companies still without restrictions reported less tolerance for smokers .
most have no-smoking areas or designated smoking rooms , but more than half the companies still without [limits] reported less tolerance for smokers .

Some companies which have introduced smoking restrictions have faced resignations over the issue , he said .
some companies which have introduced smoking [limits] have faced resignations over the issue , he said .

The survey shows that more than half the companies which have smoking restrictions introduced them after pressure from the workforce , with a quarter having the issue raised through health and safety committees .
the survey shows that more than half the companies which have smoking [limits] introduced them after pressure from the workforce , with a quarter having the issue raised through health and safety committees .

Five years ago , he said , Ash could list only a handful of companies with smoking restrictions .
five years ago , he said , ash could list only a handful of companies with smoking [limits] .

Official sources were yesterday unable to explain why the restrictions had been brought in , including whether they had been designed to reduce the risk of leaks to loyalists of the type recently coming to light .
official sources were yesterday unable to explain why the [limits] had been brought in , including whether they had been designed to reduce the risk of leaks to loyalists of the type recently coming to light .

But , ironically , the longer-term explanation lies in the restrictions Washington has maintained on Japanese car imports for almost a decade .
but , ironically , the longer-term explanation lies in the [limits] washington has maintained on japanese car imports for almost a decade .

’ Pattenism is not to be a continuation of Ridleyism : an important theme underlying the whole speech was that he intends not to err on the side of market forces at the expense of planning restrictions .
’ pattenism is not to be a continuation of ridleyism : an important theme underlying the whole speech was that he intends not to err on the side of market forces at the expense of planning [limits] .

The six steps proposed by this celebrated trinity of black anti-apartheid leaders were : lifting the state of emergency ; lifting political restrictions on individuals ; releasing all those detained without trial ; unbanning political organisations ; releasing all political prisoners ; reprieving all those sentenced to death .
the six steps proposed by this celebrated trinity of black anti-apartheid leaders were : lifting the state of emergency ; lifting political [limits] on individuals ; releasing all those detained without trial ; unbanning political organisations ; releasing all political prisoners ; reprieving all those sentenced to death .

Its statement spelt out the process : the release of other political prisoners , the return of political exiles , the lifting of the state of emergency and other political restrictions , and negotiations on a peaceful transition to a non-racial and democratic South Africa .
its statement spelt out the process : the release of other political prisoners , the return of political exiles , the lifting of the state of emergency and other political [limits] , and negotiations on a peaceful transition to a non-racial and democratic south africa .

In 1983 the Home Secretary imposed restrictions on the release of persons serving life for murders of police- and prison-officers , terrorist killings , murder during robbery , and the sadistic or sexual murder of young children , fixing a minimum of twenty years ' imprisonment for these offenders .
in 1983 the home secretary imposed [limits] on the release of persons serving life for murders of police- and prison-officers , terrorist killings , murder during robbery , and the sadistic or sexual murder of young children , fixing a minimum of twenty years ' imprisonment for these offenders .

In the three years from 1984 to 1986 there were some 229 such cases , of which almost half were dealt with by a hospital order under the Mental Health Act 1983 ( with or without restrictions ) .
in the three years from 1984 to 1986 there were some 229 such cases , of which almost half were dealt with by a hospital order under the mental health act 1983 ( with or without [limits] ) .

If we bring the argument back to consent to non-fatal physical harm , we may recall that the Lord Chief Justice relied on the phrase ‘ not in the public interest ’ to justify the restrictions .
if we bring the argument back to consent to non-fatal physical harm , we may recall that the lord chief justice relied on the phrase ‘ not in the public interest ’ to justify the [limits] .

The second period lasted more than 14 months and they dare not risk being caught again with so many cattle subject to movement restrictions for such a long time .
the second period lasted more than 14 months and they dare not risk being caught again with so many cattle subject to movement [limits] for such a long time .

The Crop Residues ( Restrictions on Burning ) Regulations 1991 allow for fines of up to £2000 for each offence .
the crop residues ( [limits] on burning ) regulations 1991 allow for fines of up to £2000 for each offence .

Breeding values also help to predict future levels of milk production , which makes it easier to deal with quota restrictions , ’ he said .
breeding values also help to predict future levels of milk production , which makes it easier to deal with quota [limits] , ’ he said .

If dry weather persists and your region is not subject to watering restrictions , water the lawn thoroughly occasionally , and preferably at night-time .
if dry weather persists and your region is not subject to watering [limits] , water the lawn thoroughly occasionally , and preferably at night-time .

Turning the big key in the back door and easing up the latch , Mungo began to feel free , as though now he could make his own rules and ignore the restrictions imposed by daylight .
turning the big key in the back door and easing up the latch , mungo began to feel free , as though now he could make his own rules and ignore the [limits] imposed by daylight .

He did a little planning and on the next afternoon , in spite of the restrictions on his movements , he was able to keep his word .
he did a little planning and on the next afternoon , in spite of the [limits] on his movements , he was able to keep his word .

The movement brought her breasts into clearer view , pushing them upwards and outwards against the restrictions of her tight brassière .
the movement brought her breasts into clearer view , pushing them upwards and outwards against the [limits] of her tight brassière .

Great attention was paid to the pollution which resulted from contact with them during these periods , with vital purification rituals being prescribed to avert the danger to both individuals and community ( in particular , the male religious community , see below ) and restrictions imposed on their movement , particularly with regard access to the cult , during their times of uncleanness .
great attention was paid to the pollution which resulted from contact with them during these periods , with vital purification rituals being prescribed to avert the danger to both individuals and community ( in particular , the male religious community , see below ) and [limits] imposed on their movement , particularly with regard access to the cult , during their times of uncleanness .

Teilhard de Chardin expressed this understanding of purity not as something passive , but as something both actively gained and worthwhile in itself , in his phrase , ‘ Purity does not lie in separation from , but in deeper penetration into , the universe . ’ The problem , particularly for women of such limited resources as Rose of Lima , is how do you , given the restrictions , go about this great work of ‘ penetrating the universe ’ ?
teilhard de chardin expressed this understanding of purity not as something passive , but as something both actively gained and worthwhile in itself , in his phrase , ‘ purity does not lie in separation from , but in deeper penetration into , the universe . ’ the problem , particularly for women of such limited resources as rose of lima , is how do you , given the [limits] , go about this great work of ‘ penetrating the universe ’ ?

Trial conduct : Supplier 's staff should be prepared to accept restrictions on access during the trial to prevent distortion and for planned visits to be controlled to cover specific aspects previously agreed .
trial conduct : supplier 's staff should be prepared to accept [limits] on access during the trial to prevent distortion and for planned visits to be controlled to cover specific aspects previously agreed .

Artificial restrictions on ordering levels , such as pre-set expenditure limits on each order , are so easily circumvented that they are not realistic controls .
artificial [limits] on ordering levels , such as pre-set expenditure limits on each order , are so easily circumvented that they are not realistic controls .

Other restrictions apply to the felling or cropping of trees , even the collection of forest litter , either altogether ( where forests are ‘ no-go ’ areas ) or on a rotational basis ( as suggested by Glover ( 1946 ) for hilly areas in the Punjab ) .
other [limits] apply to the felling or cropping of trees , even the collection of forest litter , either altogether ( where forests are ‘ no-go ’ areas ) or on a rotational basis ( as suggested by glover ( 1946 ) for hilly areas in the punjab ) .

Africans received laws , fines and even imprisonment for certain agricultural and pastoral practices ( and the other restrictions which enabled Europeans to realise their economic interests of the day ) , while European settlers received physical infrastructure , loans , and an agricultural extension service backed by research stations which researched commercial crops for commercial farmers .
africans received laws , fines and even imprisonment for certain agricultural and pastoral practices ( and the other [limits] which enabled europeans to realise their economic interests of the day ) , while european settlers received physical infrastructure , loans , and an agricultural extension service backed by research stations which researched commercial crops for commercial farmers .

Households with less privately-owned land which had to rely on the ‘ public economy ’ ( the forest ) for livestock rearing rather than private land , were less willing to see restrictions placed upon access to forests or to others ' private land for stubble grazing in cases where fodder tree planting on terrace backs was being advocated .
households with less privately-owned land which had to rely on the ‘ public economy ’ ( the forest ) for livestock rearing rather than private land , were less willing to see [limits] placed upon access to forests or to others ' private land for stubble grazing in cases where fodder tree planting on terrace backs was being advocated .

The case studies by Rapp , Berry and Temple ( 1973 ) which were referred to earlier in this chapter also illustrate all the major reasons for failure of conservation in Tanganyika and post-colonial Tanzania - technical incompetence and incompatibility with existing agricultural practice has already been mentioned — also attempts at coercion of peasants to build erosion works ( p. 1 17 , 250 ) , and a lack of participation , with an excess of petty restrictions ( p. 251 ) .
the case studies by rapp , berry and temple ( 1973 ) which were referred to earlier in this chapter also illustrate all the major reasons for failure of conservation in tanganyika and post-colonial tanzania - technical incompetence and incompatibility with existing agricultural practice has already been mentioned — also attempts at coercion of peasants to build erosion works ( p. 1 17 , 250 ) , and a lack of participation , with an excess of petty [limits] ( p. 251 ) .

Restrictions on advertising and fees have been relaxed over a wider front .
[limits] on advertising and fees have been relaxed over a wider front .

Advertising restrictions have been relaxed to varying degrees in the cases of architects , surveyors , veterinary surgeons , dentists ( to a limited extent ) , solicitors , stockbrokers and opticians .
advertising [limits] have been relaxed to varying degrees in the cases of architects , surveyors , veterinary surgeons , dentists ( to a limited extent ) , solicitors , stockbrokers and opticians .

Similarly , there has been some relaxation of restrictions over the formation of mixed and inter-professional practices .
similarly , there has been some relaxation of [limits] over the formation of mixed and inter-professional practices .

Normality consisted of permanent occupation , with the limitations and restrictions implicit in such a process , punctuated by occasional outbursts of anger .
normality consisted of permanent occupation , with the limitations and [limits] implicit in such a process , punctuated by occasional outbursts of anger .

Apart from the continued seizure of cultivable land by the authorities , the main problems faced by farmers were the severe limitations on water use , unfavourable marketing conditions , production quotas , restrictions on the planting of fruit trees , and poor access to credit facilities .
apart from the continued seizure of cultivable land by the authorities , the main problems faced by farmers were the severe limitations on water use , unfavourable marketing conditions , production quotas , [limits] on the planting of fruit trees , and poor access to credit facilities .

It is clear that there have to be some restrictions on the exercise by citizens of freedom of speech , the right to demonstrate , the application of pressure on governments through industrial action or other means .
it is clear that there have to be some [limits] on the exercise by citizens of freedom of speech , the right to demonstrate , the application of pressure on governments through industrial action or other means .

But there is a widespread , though of course not universal , feeling that some of the restrictions on civil and political rights have been largely due to government 's desire to avoid criticism and political embarrassment and to suppress dissent .
but there is a widespread , though of course not universal , feeling that some of the [limits] on civil and political rights have been largely due to government 's desire to avoid criticism and political embarrassment and to suppress dissent .

The Committee proposed a broad statement of objectives with which the Operator would be required to abide : ‘ The director should seek , in close collaboration with the Supervisor of Broadcasting , to give a full , balanced , fair and accurate account of proceedings , with the aim of informing viewers about the work of the House ’ . The precise restrictions the Committee recommended , and which were imposed at the beginning of the experiment , may be summarised as follows :
the committee proposed a broad statement of objectives with which the operator would be required to abide : ‘ the director should seek , in close collaboration with the supervisor of broadcasting , to give a full , balanced , fair and accurate account of proceedings , with the aim of informing viewers about the work of the house ’ . the precise [limits] the committee recommended , and which were imposed at the beginning of the experiment , may be summarised as follows :

Iran 's Islamic system , despite a bloody history , restrictions imposed on its citizens and its aggressive attempts to export its brand of Shi'ite fundamentalism , allows a remarkable degree of political liberty .
iran 's islamic system , despite a bloody history , [limits] imposed on its citizens and its aggressive attempts to export its brand of shi'ite fundamentalism , allows a remarkable degree of political liberty .

There will also be restrictions on advertising in Europe and companies will no longer be able to send free samples to maternity wards .
there will also be [limits] on advertising in europe and companies will no longer be able to send free samples to maternity wards .

Here the engineers have to carry out most of their work on Sundays when traffic is light , but this often entails diversions and extended journey times followed by temporary speed restrictions for a few further days at the beginning of each week .
here the engineers have to carry out most of their work on sundays when traffic is light , but this often entails diversions and extended journey times followed by temporary speed [limits] for a few further days at the beginning of each week .

To compensate for these temporary speed restrictions additional ‘ recovery ’ time is added to daytime schedules .
to compensate for these temporary speed [limits] additional ‘ recovery ’ time is added to daytime schedules .

Freed from railborne restrictions , the new menus could offer much greater sophistication .
freed from railborne [limits] , the new menus could offer much greater sophistication .

It may be difficult to move areas since many local authorities and some housing associations operate strict residence restrictions .
it may be difficult to move areas since many local authorities and some housing associations operate strict residence [limits] .

The council has endorsed a recommendation from the committee that there should be no change to the restrictions placed on inter-dealer broker services , which many market makers have criticised .
the council has endorsed a recommendation from the committee that there should be no change to the [limits] placed on inter-dealer broker services , which many market makers have criticised .

The Peak Park 's restrictions to moorland in the last three years have caused far more disruption to climbing than bolts ever have , and these were bans imposed by people who are sympathetic to our cause .
the peak park 's [limits] to moorland in the last three years have caused far more disruption to climbing than bolts ever have , and these were bans imposed by people who are sympathetic to our cause .

Not so High Rocks , whose owners have steadily raised their admission charges in the last few years , threatened climbers with access restrictions , and put nothing at all back into the maintenance of the rocks , save to enclose them in a sturdy , reinforced fence .
not so high rocks , whose owners have steadily raised their admission charges in the last few years , threatened climbers with access [limits] , and put nothing at all back into the maintenance of the rocks , save to enclose them in a sturdy , reinforced fence .

Many Western companies , frustrated by restrictions on sales to the eastern bloc , are likely to find the Soviet technology sales drive particularly galling .
many western companies , frustrated by [limits] on sales to the eastern bloc , are likely to find the soviet technology sales drive particularly galling .

As originally disclosed by the Guardian , the estimated value of the tax concessions alone offered at one point during the negotiations was close to £35 million , while the European Commission was led to believe that BAe would benefit by only £25 million from the easing of tax restrictions .
as originally disclosed by the guardian , the estimated value of the tax concessions alone offered at one point during the negotiations was close to £35 million , while the european commission was led to believe that bae would benefit by only £25 million from the easing of tax [limits] .

The measures may include restrictions on political rights to control the dissent that has thrived in the Philippine 's democracy , sometimes to the point of anarchy .
the measures may include [limits] on political rights to control the dissent that has thrived in the philippine 's democracy , sometimes to the point of anarchy .

Mr Eccles says non-EC groups are also looking at the new regulations to identify ‘ schemes that overcome the more onerous ownership restrictions ’ .
mr eccles says non-ec groups are also looking at the new regulations to identify ‘ schemes that overcome the more onerous ownership [limits] ’ .

However , Labour 's housing spokesman , Mr Clive Soley , claimed that local authorities faced a 24 per cent cut in their housing investment programmes next year because of financial restrictions coming into force in April .
however , labour 's housing spokesman , mr clive soley , claimed that local authorities faced a 24 per cent cut in their housing investment programmes next year because of financial [limits] coming into force in april .

Rules ensuring media ownership is not concentrated in a few hands , with restrictions on cross media holdings .
rules ensuring media ownership is not concentrated in a few hands , with [limits] on cross media holdings .

The Law Society , representing solicitors , hailed the bill as ‘ a modern statutory foundation for the legal profession of the future , in which outdated restrictions will have no part ’ .
the law society , representing solicitors , hailed the bill as ‘ a modern statutory foundation for the legal profession of the future , in which outdated [limits] will have no part ’ .

Ownership Tough restrictions on cross-media ownership will prevent national newspaper owners holding more than a 20 per cent stake in television companies , with a similar limitation on cross interests between commercial televison , satellite television and national radio channels .
ownership tough [limits] on cross-media ownership will prevent national newspaper owners holding more than a 20 per cent stake in television companies , with a similar limitation on cross interests between commercial televison , satellite television and national radio channels .

The restrictions on purchasing ethanol without prescription have been removed ( although not all pharmacists will realise this ) but it is very expensive because of the Customs and Excise duty despite its medicinal purpose .
the [limits] on purchasing ethanol without prescription have been removed ( although not all pharmacists will realise this ) but it is very expensive because of the customs and excise duty despite its medicinal purpose .

The law might be seen to seek a balance between paternalism and liberation , accepting that whilst advancement of the autonomy interests of children to make their own decisions in respect of their own lives is an appropriate aim of the law , some restrictions are necessary to enable children to progress safely to maturity .
the law might be seen to seek a balance between paternalism and liberation , accepting that whilst advancement of the autonomy interests of children to make their own decisions in respect of their own lives is an appropriate aim of the law , some [limits] are necessary to enable children to progress safely to maturity .

It remains to be seen whether similar restrictions or limits will be placed on these public rights to information .
it remains to be seen whether similar [limits] or limits will be placed on these public rights to information .

The freedom of the Secretary of State to depart from the recommendations of the National Curriculum Council ( to which proposals on attainment targets and programmes of study must be referred ) , as in effect happened in the case of the history curriculum , stands in marked contrast to the restrictions binding teachers under the National Curriculum . The tone of the guidance issued in 1989 suggests little flexibility :
the freedom of the secretary of state to depart from the recommendations of the national curriculum council ( to which proposals on attainment targets and programmes of study must be referred ) , as in effect happened in the case of the history curriculum , stands in marked contrast to the [limits] binding teachers under the national curriculum . the tone of the guidance issued in 1989 suggests little flexibility :

Five months later , on 3 October 1961 , Hayes removed Blake from the escape list , allowing him a more normal life although some minor restrictions still applied .
five months later , on 3 october 1961 , hayes removed blake from the escape list , allowing him a more normal life although some minor [limits] still applied .

For a start , there is considerable freedom of entry for all involved , unlike the formal sector where barriers exist in the form of qualifications , contracts and other institutional restrictions .
for a start , there is considerable freedom of entry for all involved , unlike the formal sector where barriers exist in the form of qualifications , contracts and other institutional [limits] .

It examines the possibility that there are general restrictions on the authority of political institutions designed to protect individual liberty .
it examines the possibility that there are general [limits] on the authority of political institutions designed to protect individual liberty .

This consideration points to the fact that the very restrictions imposed on societies by the Rawlsian principles of justice make the implementation of some conceptions of the good more difficult and their pursuit by individuals less attractive than that of others .
this consideration points to the fact that the very [limits] imposed on societies by the rawlsian principles of justice make the implementation of some conceptions of the good more difficult and their pursuit by individuals less attractive than that of others .

Williams explained that there were still hundreds of farms and thousands of sheep over which restrictions about movement and slaughter were still in force .
williams explained that there were still hundreds of farms and thousands of sheep over which [limits] about movement and slaughter were still in force .

Only a king could inherit what Cromwell had defended , albeit a king under much closer restrictions than ever before .
only a king could inherit what cromwell had defended , albeit a king under much closer [limits] than ever before .

The exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary .
the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , [limits] or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary .

At first sight , it seems arguable that the restrictions would meet this requirement following Megarry 's decision that no unlawful acts were committed .
at first sight , it seems arguable that the [limits] would meet this requirement following megarry 's decision that no unlawful acts were committed .

As a result effective safeguards must be found in the statutory restrictions on the grant of warrants .
as a result effective safeguards must be found in the statutory [limits] on the grant of warrants .

Inevitably , writing for the Cornhill gave him a first experience of the restrictions imposed on authors by the readers of quality magazines , but for the time being he was happy to compromise in the interests of his career .
inevitably , writing for the cornhill gave him a first experience of the [limits] imposed on authors by the readers of quality magazines , but for the time being he was happy to compromise in the interests of his career .

Fierce competition between the major tour operators in Britain , Germany and Scandinavia produced advantageous deals with airlines and hotels ; there were better and more economical aircraft , and less financial restrictions , all of which produced cheaper holidays .
fierce competition between the major tour operators in britain , germany and scandinavia produced advantageous deals with airlines and hotels ; there were better and more economical aircraft , and less financial [limits] , all of which produced cheaper holidays .

The ultimate origin of our seven-day week and the restrictions for long imposed on Sunday activities can thus be traced back to the Babylonians .
the ultimate origin of our seven-day week and the [limits] for long imposed on sunday activities can thus be traced back to the babylonians .

may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law in a democratic society in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the impartiality of the judiciary .
may be subject to such formalities , conditions , [limits] or penalties as are prescribed by law in a democratic society in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the impartiality of the judiciary .

Hardcore porn is openly traded in the cities and exhibited in cinemas and video shops across the country , despite experimental zoning restrictions in certain areas , yet there has been little or no attempt in the courts or the legislatures to discriminate between the greater and lesser dangers it represents .
hardcore porn is openly traded in the cities and exhibited in cinemas and video shops across the country , despite experimental zoning [limits] in certain areas , yet there has been little or no attempt in the courts or the legislatures to discriminate between the greater and lesser dangers it represents .

Where such consent is knowingly given by adult citizens , the only restrictions which a free society ought to impose are those designed for the prevention of harm .
where such consent is knowingly given by adult citizens , the only [limits] which a free society ought to impose are those designed for the prevention of harm .

The effect of this Act has been to inspire a greater sense of caution in British film-makers regarding the involvement of children in immodest or suggestive photography , and restrictions on importing such material might well spread these considerations abroad .
the effect of this act has been to inspire a greater sense of caution in british film-makers regarding the involvement of children in immodest or suggestive photography , and [limits] on importing such material might well spread these considerations abroad .

There may be restrictions on age , physical mobility or special clothing recommendations ; please read the notes on your chosen entries very carefully to avoid disappointment .
there may be [limits] on age , physical mobility or special clothing recommendations ; please read the notes on your chosen entries very carefully to avoid disappointment .

Toddlers who kick and scream against the restrictions of their parents are unconsciously testing the limits of where they end and others begin .
toddlers who kick and scream against the [limits] of their parents are unconsciously testing the limits of where they end and others begin .

These self-imposed restrictions may not be limited to the negative emotions .
these self-imposed [limits] may not be limited to the negative emotions .

The event can , of course , be a happy one and create openings which allow us to ‘ break the mould ’ of earlier restrictions .
the event can , of course , be a happy one and create openings which allow us to ‘ break the mould ’ of earlier [limits] .

The only restrictions on purchasers were not to have owned their own home during the previous three years or to have spent more than $ 100,000 on their prospective North Side home .
the only [limits] on purchasers were not to have owned their own home during the previous three years or to have spent more than $ 100,000 on their prospective north side home .

The casualty list soon spread to other centres such as Clonin Castle and Millisle Farm in Northern Ireland , where travel restrictions made communication with central office in London all but impossible .
the casualty list soon spread to other centres such as clonin castle and millisle farm in northern ireland , where travel [limits] made communication with central office in london all but impossible .

Many members of the alien companies of the Pioneers chafed against the restrictions of their service .
many members of the alien companies of the pioneers chafed against the [limits] of their service .

With the refugees giving such good account of themselves , the case for the surviving restrictions was fatally weakened .
with the refugees giving such good account of themselves , the case for the surviving [limits] was fatally weakened .

Despite the performance penalties and useful load restrictions caused by their weight , over the years floats have been fitted to almost every type of single-engined lightplane — and many twins .
despite the performance penalties and useful load [limits] caused by their weight , over the years floats have been fitted to almost every type of single-engined lightplane — and many twins .

There are times when the teacher might impose restrictions by asking , for example , for ‘ all the blue balls to be put into the basket ’ , or , ‘ all those wearing red to fetch their coats ’ , or she might ask the children to sort a collection into just two piles .
there are times when the teacher might impose [limits] by asking , for example , for ‘ all the blue balls to be put into the basket ’ , or , ‘ all those wearing red to fetch their coats ’ , or she might ask the children to sort a collection into just two piles .

‘ Reinstatement of full-time post of training officer — currently frozen due to financial restrictions ’ . ( Northern Ireland authority )
‘ reinstatement of full-time post of training officer — currently frozen due to financial [limits] ’ . ( northern ireland authority )

Under popular ‘ pressure ’ from Haketa the German government extended laws forbidding the sale of land to Poles , sought out and expelled all non-Prussian Poles , and began to harass the increasingly effective and efficient Polish financial institutions with petty legalistic restrictions .
under popular ‘ pressure ’ from haketa the german government extended laws forbidding the sale of land to poles , sought out and expelled all non-prussian poles , and began to harass the increasingly effective and efficient polish financial institutions with petty legalistic [limits] .

By 1907 Polish financial institutions , though cramped by legal restrictions , had become so effective that finance flowing through them allowed almost every Polish farm in Pomerania of 5 hectares or more access to some form of farm machinery on a shared or collective basis .
by 1907 polish financial institutions , though cramped by legal [limits] , had become so effective that finance flowing through them allowed almost every polish farm in pomerania of 5 hectares or more access to some form of farm machinery on a shared or collective basis .

Their fears were not allayed by restrictions on the Polish language , since the Prussians made no distinctions between Kaszubian and Polish .
their fears were not allayed by [limits] on the polish language , since the prussians made no distinctions between kaszubian and polish .

Game shooting is very often the primary sporting consideration and this can mean that those who want the rabbiting rights may have to accept restrictions on time and place — on guns and dogs too .
game shooting is very often the primary sporting consideration and this can mean that those who want the rabbiting rights may have to accept [limits] on time and place — on guns and dogs too .

Indeed , their aversion to being in a small cage appears to increase during the initial three months of caging , so they certainly do not adapt quickly to these restrictions .
indeed , their aversion to being in a small cage appears to increase during the initial three months of caging , so they certainly do not adapt quickly to these [limits] .

These restrictions provided sub-samples of 15 action and five control in Ipswich , and 11 action and ten control in Newham .
these [limits] provided sub-samples of 15 action and five control in ipswich , and 11 action and ten control in newham .

Early in the nineteenth century the Devon was shipped to Tasmania and was exported to mainland Australia at intervals during the century until health restrictions put an end to imports .
early in the nineteenth century the devon was shipped to tasmania and was exported to mainland australia at intervals during the century until health [limits] put an end to imports .

By the end of the nineteenth century the Guernsey was described as native to Alderney , Sark and Herm as well as Guernsey and was still kept pure by restrictions on imports .
by the end of the nineteenth century the guernsey was described as native to alderney , sark and herm as well as guernsey and was still kept pure by [limits] on imports .

The first beef breed in Denmark was the Aberdeen Angus , imported in 1950 from Scotland and later from Sweden as well , but veterinary restrictions prevented further imports except in limited numbers in recent years .
the first beef breed in denmark was the aberdeen angus , imported in 1950 from scotland and later from sweden as well , but veterinary [limits] prevented further imports except in limited numbers in recent years .

Unfortunately this has rebounded on local authorities since , operating under the principle of he who pays the piper calls the tune , Central Government has been able to impose severe restrictions on local authority spending , not only by curbing the total amount of the grant , but also by penalising local authorities who exceed targets imposed by the Central Government .
unfortunately this has rebounded on local authorities since , operating under the principle of he who pays the piper calls the tune , central government has been able to impose severe [limits] on local authority spending , not only by curbing the total amount of the grant , but also by penalising local authorities who exceed targets imposed by the central government .

They often restrict their social activities because they can not afford the services or assistance — including transport — which would help them to overcome the restrictions that disability imposes on their lives .
they often restrict their social activities because they can not afford the services or assistance — including transport — which would help them to overcome the [limits] that disability imposes on their lives .

It would comprise a basic allowance to compensate for the restrictions imposed by disability , regardless of whether the person was employed or not , together with an income maintenance element — a pension paid when employment was interrupted or employment capacity was reduced partially by disability .
it would comprise a basic allowance to compensate for the [limits] imposed by disability , regardless of whether the person was employed or not , together with an income maintenance element — a pension paid when employment was interrupted or employment capacity was reduced partially by disability .

The Employment Service should always ask employers seeking to impose age restrictions on recruitment if these are strictly necessary .
the employment service should always ask employers seeking to impose age [limits] on recruitment if these are strictly necessary .

He disliked the way clubs were compelled to concern themselves with points at the cost of skill , the restrictions imposed on development of young players by the prime importance of the first team , and the premature blooding of young players in the first team .
he disliked the way clubs were compelled to concern themselves with points at the cost of skill , the [limits] imposed on development of young players by the prime importance of the first team , and the premature blooding of young players in the first team .

In practice , national or local restrictions ( or lack of restrictions ) on public spending are far more likely to influence the eventual figure reached than are formulae involving use and depreciation of stock , and the librarian may find that the most useful lever for increasing his estimates before his finance committee is his comparative position — in relation to comparable systems — in the league table of local authority bookfunds .
in practice , national or local [limits] ( or lack of [limits] ) on public spending are far more likely to influence the eventual figure reached than are formulae involving use and depreciation of stock , and the librarian may find that the most useful lever for increasing his estimates before his finance committee is his comparative position — in relation to comparable systems — in the league table of local authority bookfunds .

In their judgement the court held that the restrictions implied in the agreement were not contrary to the public interest , that abrogation of the agreement would lead to booksellers being undercut by multiple retail traders and large library suppliers , and that many stockholding booksellers , notably the specialists , would be driven out of business .
in their judgement the court held that the [limits] implied in the agreement were not contrary to the public interest , that abrogation of the agreement would lead to booksellers being undercut by multiple retail traders and large library suppliers , and that many stockholding booksellers , notably the specialists , would be driven out of business .

Zone Defavorisee de montagne — mountain areas ( particularly Massif Central , Pyrenees and Alps ) where there are considerable limits on agriculture because of the nature of the terrain , climate and soils and because of restrictions on mechanisation .
zone defavorisee de montagne — mountain areas ( particularly massif central , pyrenees and alps ) where there are considerable limits on agriculture because of the nature of the terrain , climate and soils and because of [limits] on mechanisation .

Opposite : The restrictions on the blue-cars of Lytham St. Annes in Blackpool meant that considerable efforts had to be made to advertise the line .
opposite : the [limits] on the blue-cars of lytham st. annes in blackpool meant that considerable efforts had to be made to advertise the line .

Even more worryingly , continued payment of the instalments may be conditional upon your observing a variety of undertakings — typically including restrictions on competing activities .
even more worryingly , continued payment of the instalments may be conditional upon your observing a variety of undertakings — typically including [limits] on competing activities .

Study any written restrictions in your agreement with particular care .
study any written [limits] in your agreement with particular care .

Similarly , there are no restrictions on referrals to secondary care , although long waiting times act as a limitation in practice .
similarly , there are no [limits] on referrals to secondary care , although long waiting times act as a limitation in practice .

It leaves out of all account the various structural requirements which must be satisfied , and the various restrictions imposed by the law on the workings of trusts .
it leaves out of all account the various structural requirements which must be satisfied , and the various [limits] imposed by the law on the workings of trusts .

The modernised fleet will give a high speed capability that will overcome operational difficulties caused by speed restrictions on some of the oldest coaches .
the modernised fleet will give a high speed capability that will overcome operational difficulties caused by speed [limits] on some of the oldest coaches .

When restrictions curtail northern education programmes ( as recently ) on which so much hope for the future must depend , then the North seems clear victim to central government 's lowering of its economic and social prospects .
when [limits] curtail northern education programmes ( as recently ) on which so much hope for the future must depend , then the north seems clear victim to central government 's lowering of its economic and social prospects .

For successful anaphor resolution , it is important to co-ordinate the contributions of system components embodying different types of linguistic and non-linguistic knowledge , such as configurational constraints in ( ‘ He examined him ’ , the two pronouns can not co-refer ) , sortal restrictions ( in ‘ She drank it ’ , ‘ it ’ must refer to some liquid if ‘ drank ’ is interpreted literally ) , focusing ( as in ‘ He examined its legs ’ above ) , and reasoning ( as in the second sentence of ‘ John told the waiter he had no money .
for successful anaphor resolution , it is important to co-ordinate the contributions of system components embodying different types of linguistic and non-linguistic knowledge , such as configurational constraints in ( ‘ he examined him ’ , the two pronouns can not co-refer ) , sortal [limits] ( in ‘ she drank it ’ , ‘ it ’ must refer to some liquid if ‘ drank ’ is interpreted literally ) , focusing ( as in ‘ he examined its legs ’ above ) , and reasoning ( as in the second sentence of ‘ john told the waiter he had no money .

With these restrictions , anaphor resolution will consist of an alternation in which the focus process suggests one or more candidates at a time and the reasoner evaluates them , deciding whether they are plausible and , if there is more than one , which is the best .
with these [limits] , anaphor resolution will consist of an alternation in which the focus process suggests one or more candidates at a time and the reasoner evaluates them , deciding whether they are plausible and , if there is more than one , which is the best .

Every attempt by local government to evade central spending restrictions has been met by a new rule to make evasion more difficult .
every attempt by local government to evade central spending [limits] has been met by a new rule to make evasion more difficult .

Regional development aid , new and expanded towns , and restrictions on metropolitan growth , especially in the south-east , were the major policy instruments .
regional development aid , new and expanded towns , and [limits] on metropolitan growth , especially in the south-east , were the major policy instruments .

Including staff in the restrictions , rules , cash limits etc to allow them to consider all possible permutations has had considerable benefits .
including staff in the [limits] , rules , cash limits etc to allow them to consider all possible permutations has had considerable benefits .

Goods , services , people , businesses and capital should be able to circulate freely throughout the whole Community , unobstructed by national restrictions as easily , say , from Greece to Denmark as from York to Southampton .
goods , services , people , businesses and capital should be able to circulate freely throughout the whole community , unobstructed by national [limits] as easily , say , from greece to denmark as from york to southampton .

National rules requiring such an establishment may well constitute improper restrictions on the freedom to provide services .
national rules requiring such an establishment may well constitute improper [limits] on the freedom to provide services .

The removal of restrictions and the removal of discrimination to provide equal access does not itself create a single market .
the removal of [limits] and the removal of discrimination to provide equal access does not itself create a single market .

Certain judgments of the Court of Justice and the directives implementing the single market in respect of financial services do give some guidance as to the ambit of this competence . In essence , any restrictions on financial institutions benefiting from a single licence will be permitted only where :
certain judgments of the court of justice and the directives implementing the single market in respect of financial services do give some guidance as to the ambit of this competence . in essence , any [limits] on financial institutions benefiting from a single licence will be permitted only where :

there are imperative reasons relating to the public interest that justify restrictions on the freedom to supply services ;
there are imperative reasons relating to the public interest that justify [limits] on the freedom to supply services ;

Article 67 of the Treaty of Rome provided for the abolition of restrictions on the movement of capital within the Community during the first twelve years of the Community 's existence .
article 67 of the treaty of rome provided for the abolition of [limits] on the movement of capital within the community during the first twelve years of the community 's existence .

However , after initial strides towards the achievement of this objective , progress faltered — and even reversed , as some member states in the 1970s took advantage of the safeguard provisions of the Treaty of Rome to introduce restrictions on capital transactions which had already , in principle , been liberated .
however , after initial strides towards the achievement of this objective , progress faltered — and even reversed , as some member states in the 1970s took advantage of the safeguard provisions of the treaty of rome to introduce [limits] on capital transactions which had already , in principle , been liberated .

The Article 67 Directive , which requires the abolition of any domestic restrictions on movements of capital between persons resident in member states , was to be implemented before 1 July 1990 ; Spain , Portugal , the Republic of Ireland and Greece are given transitional relief until the end of 1992 , and Belgium and Luxembourg may temporarily continue to operate their present dual exchange market .
the article 67 directive , which requires the abolition of any domestic [limits] on movements of capital between persons resident in member states , was to be implemented before 1 july 1990 ; spain , portugal , the republic of ireland and greece are given transitional relief until the end of 1992 , and belgium and luxembourg may temporarily continue to operate their present dual exchange market .

There has been a tendency on the part of the Commission to interpret Article 85 ( 1 ) very widely so that all restrictions fall within it and require exemption .
there has been a tendency on the part of the commission to interpret article 85 ( 1 ) very widely so that all [limits] fall within it and require exemption .

There may be signs in recent cases of a move towards a more pragmatic approach based on the premise that only restrictions which produce a significant effect in the market fall within Article 85 ( 1 ) .
there may be signs in recent cases of a move towards a more pragmatic approach based on the premise that only [limits] which produce a significant effect in the market fall within article 85 ( 1 ) .

This approach ( often referred to as a ‘ rule of reason ’ approach ) was adopted by the Commission in the Odin case ( discussed on page 141 ) where the Commission held that a joint venture between undertakings which were not potential competitors did not fall within Article 85 ( 1 ) and neither did any ancillary restrictions inherent in the creation of the joint venture .
this approach ( often referred to as a ‘ rule of reason ’ approach ) was adopted by the commission in the odin case ( discussed on page 141 ) where the commission held that a joint venture between undertakings which were not potential competitors did not fall within article 85 ( 1 ) and neither did any ancillary [limits] inherent in the creation of the joint venture .

Third , certain categories of restrictions on competition may not within their economic context be of such a nature to fall within Article 85 .
third , certain categories of [limits] on competition may not within their economic context be of such a nature to fall within article 85 .

Even if Article 85 ( 1 ) applies to particular agreements or arrangements , if it can be shown that they benefit the production or distribution of goods or services so that the consumer benefits outweigh the restrictions on competition in the agreement , they may be exempt pursuant to Article 85 ( 3 ) .
even if article 85 ( 1 ) applies to particular agreements or arrangements , if it can be shown that they benefit the production or distribution of goods or services so that the consumer benefits outweigh the [limits] on competition in the agreement , they may be exempt pursuant to article 85 ( 3 ) .

The first type consist of block exemptions , in which the Commission defines the conditions where restrictions in certain categories of agreements are exempt .
the first type consist of block exemptions , in which the commission defines the conditions where [limits] in certain categories of agreements are exempt .

The patent licensing , know-how , franchising , motor vehicle , and research and development block exemptions also provide a special ‘ opposition ’ procedure whereby if an agreement satisfying the basic requirements of the exemption , and not containing any black clauses , but containing other restrictions on competition is notified to the Commission and not opposed by the Commission within six months of notification , exemption will automatically be conferred .
the patent licensing , know-how , franchising , motor vehicle , and research and development block exemptions also provide a special ‘ opposition ’ procedure whereby if an agreement satisfying the basic requirements of the exemption , and not containing any black clauses , but containing other [limits] on competition is notified to the commission and not opposed by the commission within six months of notification , exemption will automatically be conferred .

Restrictions contained in franchise agreements where the Commission is satisfied that these are indispensable to the preservation of the identity and reputation of the franchise network
[limits] contained in franchise agreements where the commission is satisfied that these are indispensable to the preservation of the identity and reputation of the franchise network

Restrictions by the vendor of a business not to compete with the purchaser provided that the restriction is reasonable in time and scope
[limits] by the vendor of a business not to compete with the purchaser provided that the restriction is reasonable in time and scope

Price restrictions , market sharing the Articles 85 and 86 : Examples of recent decisions
price [limits] , market sharing the articles 85 and 86 : examples of recent decisions

The Commission has exclusive competence to provide an exemption pursuant to Article 85 ( 3 ) and , unless and until such exemption is given , the restrictions in the agreement which infringe Article 85 ( 1 ) are provisionally void .
the commission has exclusive competence to provide an exemption pursuant to article 85 ( 3 ) and , unless and until such exemption is given , the [limits] in the agreement which infringe article 85 ( 1 ) are provisionally void .

restrictions on the transfer of shares
[limits] on the transfer of shares

the Commission proposing an amendment to the Second Company Directive to extend the restrictions contained in the Directive , on the purchase of a company 's own shares by the company or by persons acting on its own behalf , to a subsidiary of the company in question ; and
the commission proposing an amendment to the second company directive to extend the [limits] contained in the directive , on the purchase of a company 's own shares by the company or by persons acting on its own behalf , to a subsidiary of the company in question ; and

However , restrictions are placed on the power of management to combat a hostile takeover bid , for fear that they might act only in their own interests rather than for those of the company or its shareholders .
however , [limits] are placed on the power of management to combat a hostile takeover bid , for fear that they might act only in their own interests rather than for those of the company or its shareholders .

Ancillary restrictions
ancillary [limits]

However , the Commission took a practical view of the effect of such restrictions in assessing their compatibility with the competition rules .
however , the commission took a practical view of the effect of such [limits] in assessing their compatibility with the competition rules .

There are no restrictions on guide dogs .
there are no [limits] on guide dogs .

If a customer 's circumstances change adversely for reasons beyond the customer 's control , the finance company will look sympathetically at the circumstances and will try , subject to any restrictions placed upon it by the Consumer Credit Act 1974 , to reach an accommodation with the customer to pay off the outstanding balance in a practicable manner .
if a customer 's circumstances change adversely for reasons beyond the customer 's control , the finance company will look sympathetically at the circumstances and will try , subject to any [limits] placed upon it by the consumer credit act 1974 , to reach an accommodation with the customer to pay off the outstanding balance in a practicable manner .

The restrictions on job-placement tests may be costing billions of dollars annually in lost productivity .
the [limits] on job-placement tests may be costing billions of dollars annually in lost productivity .

Last year , without warning , Defense Department officials pounced on a meeting of photo-optical engineers , and , invoking that concept , prohibited the release of some 100 research papers that had previously borne no restrictions .
last year , without warning , defense department officials pounced on a meeting of photo-optical engineers , and , invoking that concept , prohibited the release of some 100 research papers that had previously borne no [limits] .

The Franks Report suggested that : ‘ British Government policies which may have served to cast doubts on British commitment to the Islands and their defence [ include ] the Government 's preparedness , subject to certain restrictions , to continue arms sales to Argentina ( and to provide training facilities in the United Kingdom for Argentine military personnel ) .
the franks report suggested that : ‘ british government policies which may have served to cast doubts on british commitment to the islands and their defence [ include ] the government 's preparedness , subject to certain [limits] , to continue arms sales to argentina ( and to provide training facilities in the united kingdom for argentine military personnel ) .

People can take their dogs for walks , train whippets and pigeons free of restrictions .
people can take their dogs for walks , train whippets and pigeons free of [limits] .

The derivation of original research proposals is never easy , but to participate in their creation and perhaps to stimulate or catalyse them can be very exciting when there are no artificial restrictions on what can be done .
the derivation of original research proposals is never easy , but to participate in their creation and perhaps to stimulate or catalyse them can be very exciting when there are no artificial [limits] on what can be done .

At the least it will impose new responsibilities and personal restrictions as well as further demands on time and physical energy .
at the least it will impose new responsibilities and personal [limits] as well as further demands on time and physical energy .

There are ways of turning the restrictions and limitations that caring involves into assets .
there are ways of turning the [limits] and limitations that caring involves into assets .

The kind of limitations imposed by restrictions of full-time caring are not normal to someone in midlife but it takes courage to change the pattern once the need to be restricted has passed .
the kind of limitations imposed by [limits] of full-time caring are not normal to someone in midlife but it takes courage to change the pattern once the need to be restricted has passed .

These same restrictions apply to the siting of council houses but this aspect of the policy has not engendered the same weight of opposition since it does not represent the interruption of an existing right , that is to say the ‘ right ’ to build private houses almost anywhere .
these same [limits] apply to the siting of council houses but this aspect of the policy has not engendered the same weight of opposition since it does not represent the interruption of an existing right , that is to say the ‘ right ’ to build private houses almost anywhere .

1973 there was only a limited attempt at directing private development within the burghs of Kirkwall and Stromness and there were no restrictions on building in the Landward area of the county .
1973 there was only a limited attempt at directing private development within the burghs of kirkwall and stromness and there were no [limits] on building in the landward area of the county .

Naturally , one should not ignore the factor of Central Government legislation which requires any council to implement planning restrictions and to provide services in an economical and rational manner .
naturally , one should not ignore the factor of central government legislation which requires any council to implement planning [limits] and to provide services in an economical and rational manner .

This may be due to financial restrictions on travel but also because of the prevalence today of nationwide state societies in even ‘ primitive ’ areas so that one can no longer study ‘ simple ’ societies in isolation .
this may be due to financial [limits] on travel but also because of the prevalence today of nationwide state societies in even ‘ primitive ’ areas so that one can no longer study ‘ simple ’ societies in isolation .

If the meaning of ‘ god ’ can be developed to be as flexible and free from the restrictions and constraints of earlier teachings and convictions as has been the development of medical science , then the future could be looked to with confidence and hope .
if the meaning of ‘ god ’ can be developed to be as flexible and free from the [limits] and constraints of earlier teachings and convictions as has been the development of medical science , then the future could be looked to with confidence and hope .

The weakness of feudal service as a basis for recruiting an army was that it was hedged round with difficult restrictions .
the weakness of feudal service as a basis for recruiting an army was that it was hedged round with difficult [limits] .

Such illustrators ( the Ahlbergs and Shirley Hughes are examples ) are true to themselves as creative people , admired by the adult ‘ establishment ’ , and yet they bear in mind the particular restrictions and opportunities involved when one works for children .
such illustrators ( the ahlbergs and shirley hughes are examples ) are true to themselves as creative people , admired by the adult ‘ establishment ’ , and yet they bear in mind the particular [limits] and opportunities involved when one works for children .

For example , the restrictions on loans or credit facilities granted by companies to their directors are much more stringent .
for example , the [limits] on loans or credit facilities granted by companies to their directors are much more stringent .

The old case authorities suggest that the nature of a share as property does not prevent such a course , but the more modern cases seem to incline towards some restrictions upon the use of votes where there is a conflict of interest involved .
the old case authorities suggest that the nature of a share as property does not prevent such a course , but the more modern cases seem to incline towards some [limits] upon the use of votes where there is a conflict of interest involved .

The insidious growth of statutory planning restrictions , since the.first real control was introduced forty years ago , has increased with such rapidity that it has often been difficult to keep abreast of new legislation without concentrating exclusively on this aspect of the development process .
the insidious growth of statutory planning [limits] , since the.first real control was introduced forty years ago , has increased with such rapidity that it has often been difficult to keep abreast of new legislation without concentrating exclusively on this aspect of the development process .

This ease of changing decisions on appeal is in contrast with the extreme difficulty that there is in getting changes or approvals under leasehold restrictions or other forms of restrictive covenants .
this ease of changing decisions on appeal is in contrast with the extreme difficulty that there is in getting changes or approvals under leasehold [limits] or other forms of restrictive covenants .

The comprehensive and pervasive nature of planning makes it easy to forget that it has very little to do with private rights and restrictions .
the comprehensive and pervasive nature of planning makes it easy to forget that it has very little to do with private rights and [limits] .

One anxious mother , Jane Brooks , said : ‘ As people drive through and then out of the centre of Holybourne they seem to forget that speed restrictions still apply .
one anxious mother , jane brooks , said : ‘ as people drive through and then out of the centre of holybourne they seem to forget that speed [limits] still apply .

The council are considering asking the Southern Water Authority to impose restrictions on use of water now rather than wait until matters become really serious .
the council are considering asking the southern water authority to impose [limits] on use of water now rather than wait until matters become really serious .

Boat traffic is low in Surrey because much of the canal there has been closed , and there have been further restrictions due to water conservation .
boat traffic is low in surrey because much of the canal there has been closed , and there have been further [limits] due to water conservation .

But Mr. Leggatt hoped that the lack of space for burials would not lead to restrictions in the future .
but mr. leggatt hoped that the lack of space for burials would not lead to [limits] in the future .

Sharing a small spartan room with two other girls — Northerners whose accent Paula found almost incomprehensible and with whom she had nothing in common , making breakfast in the communal kitchen , queuing for the bath , adhering to a strict curfew after which time the doors were locked and bolted — none of these were restrictions Paula had the slightest intention of enduring for long .
sharing a small spartan room with two other girls — northerners whose accent paula found almost incomprehensible and with whom she had nothing in common , making breakfast in the communal kitchen , queuing for the bath , adhering to a strict curfew after which time the doors were locked and bolted — none of these were [limits] paula had the slightest intention of enduring for long .

The disabling symptoms of the allergy , and the restrictions incurred by having to avoid certain allergens , is bound to cause mental suffering .
the disabling symptoms of the allergy , and the [limits] incurred by having to avoid certain allergens , is bound to cause mental suffering .

So you should try to minimize restrictions about diet and environment as much as possible .
so you should try to minimize [limits] about diet and environment as much as possible .

Never exaggerate the child 's ill-health to anyone , and resist the temptation to manipulate other people by imposing special diets or other restrictions .
never exaggerate the child 's ill-health to anyone , and resist the temptation to manipulate other people by imposing special diets or other [limits] .

There were no restrictions about hair length as wigs were worn for most numbers .
there were no [limits] about hair length as wigs were worn for most numbers .

Despite the social and economic restrictions experienced by carers , there is no doubt that for many people the emotional rewards of caring far outweigh the disadvantages .
despite the social and economic [limits] experienced by carers , there is no doubt that for many people the emotional rewards of caring far outweigh the disadvantages .

‘ There are good things about being here , like having somebody to look after us and there are no restrictions . ’
‘ there are good things about being here , like having somebody to look after us and there are no [limits] . ’

The creation of money by customer loans in the banking system is subject to a number of restrictions .
the creation of money by customer loans in the banking system is subject to a number of [limits] .

No restrictions must exist on non-resident transfers and banks require freedom to maintain and transfer nostro demand deposits .
no [limits] must exist on non-resident transfers and banks require freedom to maintain and transfer nostro demand deposits .

This can have advantages where credit restrictions on local banks make foreign currency borrowing the only source of finance available or if interest rates are lower than domestic currency loan rates .
this can have advantages where credit [limits] on local banks make foreign currency borrowing the only source of finance available or if interest rates are lower than domestic currency loan rates .

On 26 November 1830 , hungry , cold , sickly and tied to their parish by the restrictions of the Poor Removals Act , the destitute of Combsburgh rose in an outbreak of physical violence .
on 26 november 1830 , hungry , cold , sickly and tied to their parish by the [limits] of the poor removals act , the destitute of combsburgh rose in an outbreak of physical violence .

No large-scale land reform or redistribution has taken place , in part because of restrictions placed on the government by the pre-independence Lancaster House agreement .
no large-scale land reform or redistribution has taken place , in part because of [limits] placed on the government by the pre-independence lancaster house agreement .

Until the age restrictions were introduced in secondary schools , it was not uncommon for boys to continue at school as long as it took — even until twenty-two or so .
until the age [limits] were introduced in secondary schools , it was not uncommon for boys to continue at school as long as it took — even until twenty-two or so .

Therefore , she exerts firm control at points where she and the child diverge in viewpoint , but does not hem in the child with endless restrictions .
therefore , she exerts firm control at points where she and the child diverge in viewpoint , but does not hem in the child with endless [limits] .

Successive measures have weakened the role of local government and freed the private sector from what the government sees as burdensome planning restrictions .
successive measures have weakened the role of local government and freed the private sector from what the government sees as burdensome planning [limits] .

On housing ‘ it is not in general desirable to seek to control the disposal of private houses through planning restrictions ’ ; on industry and commerce ‘ policies and proposals … should promote and not hinder the regeneration of industry and reflect an up to date and realistic view of the scale , pattern and diversity of industry ’ ; on retail development ‘ policies and proposals should neither seek to regulate competition between retailers nor to stifle the evolution of new forms of retail provision ’ ; and on agriculture and forestry ‘ authorities should take account of the need to ensure that no more than an essential minimum of agricultural land is diverted to development ’ .
on housing ‘ it is not in general desirable to seek to control the disposal of private houses through planning [limits] ’ ; on industry and commerce ‘ policies and proposals … should promote and not hinder the regeneration of industry and reflect an up to date and realistic view of the scale , pattern and diversity of industry ’ ; on retail development ‘ policies and proposals should neither seek to regulate competition between retailers nor to stifle the evolution of new forms of retail provision ’ ; and on agriculture and forestry ‘ authorities should take account of the need to ensure that no more than an essential minimum of agricultural land is diverted to development ’ .

However , many professional planners are also convinced that Green Belt restrictions are partly responsible for many of the problems facing the south east such as housing land shortages , rocketing house prices , loss of employment opportunities in rural areas , and labour immobility .
however , many professional planners are also convinced that green belt [limits] are partly responsible for many of the problems facing the south east such as housing land shortages , rocketing house prices , loss of employment opportunities in rural areas , and labour immobility .

They argue that a continuation of Green Belt restrictions in their present form will turn the countryside into a ghetto for rich commuters while local people pay for this rural idyll in homelessness and unemployment .
they argue that a continuation of green belt [limits] in their present form will turn the countryside into a ghetto for rich commuters while local people pay for this rural idyll in homelessness and unemployment .

Contrary to popular opinion , the non-conformist Sunday was not a dismal day full of restrictions .
contrary to popular opinion , the non-conformist sunday was not a dismal day full of [limits] .

These restrictions ensure that the weave of the cloth is aligned along the length of the garment .
these [limits] ensure that the weave of the cloth is aligned along the length of the garment .

They must defer to the supremacy of federal law and recognize the privileges and immunities of the citizens of all other states.11 There were specific restrictions : They could not enact bills of attainder , ex-post facto laws , or any “ law impairing the obligation of contracts. ” 12 In the postbellum constitutional order , however , the states acquired a pervasive duty to treat their residents—those subject to their jurisdiction—decently .
they must defer to the supremacy of federal law and recognize the privileges and immunities of the citizens of all other states.11 there were specific [limits] : they could not enact bills of attainder , ex-post facto laws , or any “ law impairing the obligation of contracts. ” 12 in the postbellum constitutional order , however , the states acquired a pervasive duty to treat their residents—those subject to their jurisdiction—decently .

Were these restrictions on the butchering trade an “ involuntary servitude ” as prohibited by the Thirteenth Amendment , or were they a violation of the “ privileges and immunities ” of citizenship , either state or federal , or an infringement against the state ’ s duty to accord all persons subject to its power both due process of law and the equal protection of the laws ?
were these [limits] on the butchering trade an “ involuntary servitude ” as prohibited by the thirteenth amendment , or were they a violation of the “ privileges and immunities ” of citizenship , either state or federal , or an infringement against the state ’ s duty to accord all persons subject to its power both due process of law and the equal protection of the laws ?

Furthermore , as Justice Harlan pointed out , the Court had read the new rights established by the Reconstruction Amendments as though they were just like other restrictions imposed on state governments , for example , the prohibitions against the states enacting bills of attainder , impairing the obligations of contract , or granting titles of nobility.40 Therefore , the Court could engage in close analysis of the specific prohibition against state authority and assess whether it was really the “ state ” that was responsible for the wrong committed against those who were shut out of facilities supposedly open to the public .
furthermore , as justice harlan pointed out , the court had read the new rights established by the reconstruction amendments as though they were just like other [limits] imposed on state governments , for example , the prohibitions against the states enacting bills of attainder , impairing the obligations of contract , or granting titles of nobility.40 therefore , the court could engage in close analysis of the specific prohibition against state authority and assess whether it was really the “ state ” that was responsible for the wrong committed against those who were shut out of facilities supposedly open to the public .

He treated the founding charter of the government more as a guideline to action than as a set of absolute restrictions on his actions .
he treated the founding charter of the government more as a guideline to action than as a set of absolute [limits] on his actions .

In turn , this very phase transition suggests that in a coconstructing biosphere or econosphere rather specific restrictions arise and are respected by critters and firms , creatures and cognoscenti .
in turn , this very phase transition suggests that in a coconstructing biosphere or econosphere rather specific [limits] arise and are respected by critters and firms , creatures and cognoscenti .

China began to relax trade restrictions , and with the rise of Hong Kong , Macau became an isolated Portuguese outpost .
china began to relax trade [limits] , and with the rise of hong kong , macau became an isolated portuguese outpost .

Some of these regulations and restrictions change with the seasons .
some of these regulations and [limits] change with the seasons .

Ask about license restrictions at the local tourist office .
ask about license [limits] at the local tourist office .

In spite of British attempts to appease both sides , Arab attacks on Jewish settlers became common , Jews retaliated , and the British imposed restrictions on Jewish immigration .
in spite of british attempts to appease both sides , arab attacks on jewish settlers became common , jews retaliated , and the british imposed [limits] on jewish immigration .

The riots proved to be a warning for the government , with legislation passed at the time such as granting special rights to Malays and even restrictions on public gatherings .
the riots proved to be a warning for the government , with legislation passed at the time such as granting special rights to malays and even [limits] on public gatherings .

The climate in India ( see page 235 ) imposes its own imperatives and restrictions on your itinerary .
the climate in india ( see page 235 ) imposes its own imperatives and [limits] on your itinerary .

City Hall ( 200 N. Spring Street ) , built in 1928 , was the tallest building in the city until height restrictions were lifted in 1957 .
city hall ( 200 n. spring street ) , built in 1928 , was the tallest building in the city until height [limits] were lifted in 1957 .

They are subject to customs restrictions , so get a certificate from your dealer and , if you are at all in doubt , also from the Department of Antiquities to avoid confiscation of your purchase upon departure .
they are subject to customs [limits] , so get a certificate from your dealer and , if you are at all in doubt , also from the department of antiquities to avoid confiscation of your purchase upon departure .

Blue signs denote public beach access and there are no restrictions , so you can walk the island ’ s full length without concerns about trespass .
blue signs denote public beach access and there are no [limits] , so you can walk the island ’ s full length without concerns about trespass .

Another 200,000 abandoned Cuba as part of the Freedom Flights Program between 1965 and 1971 , and 125,000 — a good number of whom were said to be criminals — followed in 1980 , when Castro lifted travel restrictions from the port of Mariel ( west of Havana ) .
another 200,000 abandoned cuba as part of the freedom flights program between 1965 and 1971 , and 125,000 — a good number of whom were said to be criminals — followed in 1980 , when castro lifted travel [limits] from the port of mariel ( west of havana ) .

In August 1994 Castro suddenly lifted restrictions on those wishing to leave ( coastal patrols usually force potential émigrés to return ) .
in august 1994 castro suddenly lifted [limits] on those wishing to leave ( coastal patrols usually force potential émigrés to return ) .

In recent years the duty-free zone has been transformed into a trade-free zone , into which goods are imported without restrictions from all over the world , and the luxury tax is lower than in most countries .
in recent years the duty-free zone has been transformed into a trade-free zone , into which goods are imported without [limits] from all over the world , and the luxury tax is lower than in most countries .

Crockett said the program , funded by a $ 300,000 grant from the U.S. Justice Department , has no economic restrictions on who can get help .
crockett said the program , funded by a $ 300,000 grant from the u.s. justice department , has no economic [limits] on who can get help .

In the House , Rep. Rosemary Marshall , D-Denver , is preparing a predatory-lending bill with fewer restrictions than Linkhart proposed .
in the house , rep. rosemary marshall , d-denver , is preparing a predatory-lending bill with fewer [limits] than linkhart proposed .

That 's particularly noteworthy because of the tenor of the times for legal services , Tull added , noting that funding concerns and Congressional restrictions could dampen zealous and creative advocacy .
that 's particularly noteworthy because of the tenor of the times for legal services , tull added , noting that funding concerns and congressional [limits] could dampen zealous and creative advocacy .

Opposition to the organization has cooled since 1996 , when Congress approved restrictions ( PL 104-134 ) on the sorts of cases federally funded legal aid attorneys can take .
opposition to the organization has cooled since 1996 , when congress approved [limits] ( pl 104-134 ) on the sorts of cases federally funded legal aid attorneys can take .

Those restrictions take a big bite out of our power . ''
those [limits] take a big bite out of our power . ''

Thirty-eight states adopted the law , and four others have adopted it with provisional restrictions that apply only to narcotics , or to injuries sustained while committing a felony .
thirty-eight states adopted the law , and four others have adopted it with provisional [limits] that apply only to narcotics , or to injuries sustained while committing a felony .

However , no matter how strong a training program is , if there are no incentives for practitioners to use the training or the legal restrictions are insurmountable or the health care system is in total chaos and you can not find who is in charge of the department because somebody has bought out the hospital , you will have difficulty implementing an intervention .
however , no matter how strong a training program is , if there are no incentives for practitioners to use the training or the legal [limits] are insurmountable or the health care system is in total chaos and you can not find who is in charge of the department because somebody has bought out the hospital , you will have difficulty implementing an intervention .

The agency did not prepare a Final Regulatory Impact Analysis in connection with the final rule `` because of the restrictions imposed by Section 330 of the FY 1996 DOT Appropriations Act . ''
the agency did not prepare a final regulatory impact analysis in connection with the final rule `` because of the [limits] imposed by section 330 of the fy 1996 dot appropriations act . ''

These tasks must be completed properly and promptly or controls , such as passwords and related access restrictions , will not provide the level of protection intended .
these tasks must be completed properly and promptly or controls , such as passwords and related access [limits] , will not provide the level of protection intended .

The nonstatutory requirements that OMB can waive under GPRA generally involve the allocation and use of resources , such as restrictions on shifting funds among items within a budget account .
the nonstatutory requirements that omb can waive under gpra generally involve the allocation and use of resources , such as [limits] on shifting funds among items within a budget account .

Rather , the rule operates in a manner that prohibits restrictions on the resale of service .
rather , the rule operates in a manner that prohibits [limits] on the resale of service .

Among other things , the rule amends Regulation T to ( 1 ) eliminate restrictions on the ability of broker-dealers to arrange for credit ; ( 2 ) increase the type and number of domestic and foreign securities that may be bought on margin and increase the loan value of some securities that already are marginable ; ( 3 ) delete Board rules regarding options transactions in favor of the rules of the options exchanges ; and ( 4 ) reduce restrictions on transactions involving foreign persons , securities , and currency .
among other things , the rule amends regulation t to ( 1 ) eliminate [limits] on the ability of broker-dealers to arrange for credit ; ( 2 ) increase the type and number of domestic and foreign securities that may be bought on margin and increase the loan value of some securities that already are marginable ; ( 3 ) delete board rules regarding options transactions in favor of the rules of the options exchanges ; and ( 4 ) reduce [limits] on transactions involving foreign persons , securities , and currency .

Because congressional mandates are established by either the entire Congress or one or more committees , it is GAO 's policy that products prepared in response to congressional mandates are issued without any restrictions ( i.e. , immediately available to the entire Congress and the public ) .
because congressional mandates are established by either the entire congress or one or more committees , it is gao 's policy that products prepared in response to congressional mandates are issued without any [limits] ( i.e. , immediately available to the entire congress and the public ) .

GAO will notify requesters approximately 30 calendar days before they are to receive a product and accommodate their requests for restrictions on the release of the product of up to 30 calendar days after the issuance date .
gao will notify requesters approximately 30 calendar days before they are to receive a product and accommodate their requests for [limits] on the release of the product of up to 30 calendar days after the issuance date .

The agency states that the change is in keeping with provisions of the North American Free Trade Agreement and the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade as it removes unnecessary restrictions on such importation .
the agency states that the change is in keeping with provisions of the north american free trade agreement and the general agreement on tariffs and trade as it removes unnecessary [limits] on such importation .

The analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the hog cholera-related restrictions imposed on the importation of live swine and prepared pork products from Sonora , Mexico , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States .
the analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the hog cholera-related [limits] imposed on the importation of live swine and prepared pork products from sonora , mexico , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the united states .

APHIS points out that commercial pork production in Sonora is relatively new and that the United States has imposed restrictions on the importation of swine and fresh pork products from Mexico for over 20 years .
aphis points out that commercial pork production in sonora is relatively new and that the united states has imposed [limits] on the importation of swine and fresh pork products from mexico for over 20 years .

The alternatives included ( 1 ) not lifting the current importation restrictions for the State of Sonora and ( 2 ) allowing importation under either less or more stringent mitigating conditions .
the alternatives included ( 1 ) not lifting the current importation [limits] for the state of sonora and ( 2 ) allowing importation under either less or more stringent mitigating conditions .

Finally , with certain restrictions , persons who hold an undivided interest in a crop may be eligible to purchase one insurance policy covering all shares to satisfy linkage requirements , thereby not having to pay the $ 50 processing fee in these situations .
finally , with certain [limits] , persons who hold an undivided interest in a crop may be eligible to purchase one insurance policy covering all shares to satisfy linkage requirements , thereby not having to pay the $ 50 processing fee in these situations .

The agency states that the change is in keeping with provisions of trade agreements recently entered into by the United States as it removes unnecessary restrictions on such importation .
the agency states that the change is in keeping with provisions of trade agreements recently entered into by the united states as it removes unnecessary [limits] on such importation .

The analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the foot and mouth disease-related restrictions on the importation of beef from Argentina , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States .
the analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the foot and mouth disease-related [limits] on the importation of beef from argentina , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the united states .

The alternatives included ( 1 ) not lifting the current importation restrictions for beef from Argentina and ( 2 ) allowing importation under either less or more stringent conditions than those adopted in the rule .
the alternatives included ( 1 ) not lifting the current importation [limits] for beef from argentina and ( 2 ) allowing importation under either less or more stringent conditions than those adopted in the rule .

REPORT ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 5.35 An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 5.35 an additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal [limits] prevent it .

Report Issuance and Distribution 6.39 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 6.39 an additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement , including external funding organizations , unless legal [limits] prevent it .

REPORT ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 8.52 The fourth reporting standard for performance audits is : Audit organizations should submit audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited program and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 8.52 the fourth reporting standard for performance audits is : audit organizations should submit audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited program and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations , unless legal [limits] prevent it .

These tasks must be completed properly and promptly or controls , such as passwords and related access restrictions , will not provide the level of protection intended .
these tasks must be completed properly and promptly or controls , such as passwords and related access [limits] , will not provide the level of protection intended .

It significantly eases the regulatory burdens on offering participants by eliminating the trading restrictions for underwriters of activelytraded securities of large issuers , reducing the restricted periods for other securities , providing a more flexible framework for stabilizing transactions , expanding the securities eligible for Nasdaq passive market making during an offering , and deregulating rights offerings .
it significantly eases the regulatory burdens on offering participants by eliminating the trading [limits] for underwriters of activelytraded securities of large issuers , reducing the restricted periods for other securities , providing a more flexible framework for stabilizing transactions , expanding the securities eligible for nasdaq passive market making during an offering , and deregulating rights offerings .

The SEC believes that the benefits of the rule outweigh the costs attributed to it since it will significantly ease the regulatory burden by eliminating the trading restrictions for underwriters of actively-traded securities , reducing the restricted periods for other securities , provide a more flexible framework for stabilizing transactions , expanding the securities eligible for Nasdaq passive market making during an offering and deregulating rights offerings .
the sec believes that the benefits of the rule outweigh the costs attributed to it since it will significantly ease the regulatory burden by eliminating the trading [limits] for underwriters of actively-traded securities , reducing the restricted periods for other securities , provide a more flexible framework for stabilizing transactions , expanding the securities eligible for nasdaq passive market making during an offering and deregulating rights offerings .

The final rule amends Regulation Y to improve the competitiveness of bank holding companies by eliminating unnecessary regulatory burden and operating restrictions and streamlining the application and notice process .
the final rule amends regulation y to improve the competitiveness of bank holding companies by eliminating unnecessary regulatory burden and operating [limits] and streamlining the application and notice process .

The final analysis discusses the FDA 's decision not to exempt small entities from the rule because an exemption for small retailers would shift underage sales to those locations , lessening or eliminating the effectiveness and benefits of the access restrictions .
the final analysis discusses the fda 's decision not to exempt small entities from the rule because an exemption for small retailers would shift underage sales to those locations , lessening or eliminating the effectiveness and benefits of the access [limits] .

The preamble to the final rule discusses issues raised by various commenters in the areas of the use of self-service displays , vending machines , restrictions on sponsorship of events except in the corporate name and loss of employment and maintains its conclusion that there would be no `` taking '' under the Order .
the preamble to the final rule discusses issues raised by various commenters in the areas of the use of self-service displays , vending machines , [limits] on sponsorship of events except in the corporate name and loss of employment and maintains its conclusion that there would be no `` taking '' under the order .

This is the principal means of assuring that only valid transactions to exchange , transfer , use , or commit resources and other events are initiated or entered Page 14 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Accurate and Timely Recording of Transactions and Events Access Restrictions to and Accountability for Resources and Records Appropriate Documentation of Transactions and Internal Control into .
this is the principal means of assuring that only valid transactions to exchange , transfer , use , or commit resources and other events are initiated or entered page 14 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) accurate and timely recording of transactions and events access [limits] to and accountability for resources and records appropriate documentation of transactions and internal control into .

Specific control activities include frequent changes of dial-up numbers ; use of dial-back access ; restrictions on users to allow access only to system functions that they need ; software and hardware `` firewalls '' to restrict access to assets , computers , and networks by external persons ; and frequent changes of passwords and deactivation of former employees ' passwords .
specific control activities include frequent changes of dial-up numbers ; use of dial-back access ; [limits] on users to allow access only to system functions that they need ; software and hardware `` firewalls '' to restrict access to assets , computers , and networks by external persons ; and frequent changes of passwords and deactivation of former employees ' passwords .

Determine how restrictions to full and opencompetition in the specifications ( e.g. , equipment characteristics and performance elements ) are handled .
determine how [limits] to full and opencompetition in the specifications ( e.g. , equipment characteristics and performance elements ) are handled .

Ensure that all required justifications are completed and properly approved for such restrictions .
ensure that all required justifications are completed and properly approved for such [limits] .

If the plan calls for limiting the acquisition to resources compatible with existing equipment , verify that conversion cost studies have been completed to justify compatibility restrictions .
if the plan calls for limiting the acquisition to resources compatible with existing equipment , verify that conversion cost studies have been completed to justify compatibility [limits] .

If the plan calls for other than full and open competition , verify that restrictions on competition , such as make and model restrictions or sole source requirements , have been justified and approved by the designated authority .
if the plan calls for other than full and open competition , verify that [limits] on competition , such as make and model [limits] or sole source requirements , have been justified and approved by the designated authority .

Prohibitions or restrictions on borrowing or other forms of pre-retirement distributions could limit the ability of some households to reduce their other saving in response to individual accounts .
prohibitions or [limits] on borrowing or other forms of pre-retirement distributions could limit the ability of some households to reduce their other saving in response to individual accounts .

With respect to HUD 's Statement of Policy on CLOs , the Analysis states that the guidance provided should enable CLOs to develop with much greater certainty about RESPA consequences and with few restrictions on reasonable pricing and compensation .
with respect to hud 's statement of policy on clos , the analysis states that the guidance provided should enable clos to develop with much greater certainty about respa consequences and with few [limits] on reasonable pricing and compensation .

I From the inception of the LSC , Congress has placed restrictions on its use of funds .
i from the inception of the lsc , congress has placed [limits] on its use of funds .

The restrictions at issue were part of a compromise set of restrictions enacted in the Omnibus Consolidated Rescissions and Appropriations Act of 1996 ( 1996 Act ) , §504 , 110 Stat .
the [limits] at issue were part of a compromise set of [limits] enacted in the omnibus consolidated rescissions and appropriations act of 1996 ( 1996 act ) , §504 , 110 stat .

After the instant suit was filed in the District Court alleging the restrictions on the use of LSC funds violated the Amendment , see 985 F. Supp .
after the instant suit was filed in the district court alleging the [limits] on the use of lsc funds violated the amendment , see 985 f. supp .

As relevant for our purposes , the court addressed respondents ' challenges to the restrictions in §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) .
as relevant for our purposes , the court addressed respondents ' challenges to the [limits] in §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) .

The court upheld the restrictions on litigation , lobbying , and rulemaking `` involving an effort to reform a Federal or State welfare system , '' since all three prohibited grantees ' involvement in these activities regardless of the side of the issue .
the court upheld the [limits] on litigation , lobbying , and rulemaking `` involving an effort to reform a federal or state welfare system , '' since all three prohibited grantees ' involvement in these activities regardless of the side of the issue .

II The United States and LSC rely on Rust v. Sullivan , 500 U. S. 173 ( 1991 ) , as support for the LSC program restrictions .
ii the united states and lsc rely on rust v. sullivan , 500 u. s. 173 ( 1991 ) , as support for the lsc program [limits] .

The restrictions were considered necessary `` to ensure that the limits of the federal program [ were ] observed . ''
the [limits] were considered necessary `` to ensure that the limits of the federal program [ were ] observed . ''

The latitude which may exist for restrictions on speech where the govern-ment 's own message is being delivered flows in part from our observation that , `` [ w ] hen the government speaks , for instance to promote its own policies or to advance a particular idea , it is , in the end , accountable to the electorate and the political process for its advocacy .
the latitude which may exist for [limits] on speech where the govern-ment 's own message is being delivered flows in part from our observation that , `` [ w ] hen the government speaks , for instance to promote its own policies or to advance a particular idea , it is , in the end , accountable to the electorate and the political process for its advocacy .

In Rosenberger , the fact that student newspapers expressed many different points of view was an important foundation for the Court 's decision to invalidate viewpoint-based restrictions .
in rosenberger , the fact that student newspapers expressed many different points of view was an important foundation for the court 's decision to invalidate viewpoint-based [limits] .

When the government creates a limited forum for speech , certain restrictions may be necessary to define the limits and purposes of the program .
when the government creates a limited forum for speech , certain [limits] may be necessary to define the limits and purposes of the program .

This serves to distinguish §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) from any of the Title X program restrictions upheld in Rust , and to place it beyond any congressional funding condition approved in the past by this Court .
this serves to distinguish §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) from any of the title x program [limits] upheld in rust , and to place it beyond any congressional funding condition approved in the past by this court .

Cases involving a limited forum , though not controlling , provide instruction for evaluating restrictions in governmental subsidies .
cases involving a limited forum , though not controlling , provide instruction for evaluating [limits] in governmental subsidies .

The letter also anticipated the passage of congressional restrictions on the activities of LSC programs , prompting LSC to instruct its programs to forge deeper bonds with other stakeholders , including non-LSC funded programs , state and local bar associations , IOLTA administrators , the judiciary , and client groups .
the letter also anticipated the passage of congressional [limits] on the activities of lsc programs , prompting lsc to instruct its programs to forge deeper bonds with other stakeholders , including non-lsc funded programs , state and local bar associations , iolta administrators , the judiciary , and client groups .

I feel this can be done within the current LSC restrictions but it requires entirely new approaches and combinations of services .
i feel this can be done within the current lsc [limits] but it requires entirely new approaches and combinations of services .

Then , in the middle of the decade , a vigorous effort to do away with legal services resulted in a funding bill that carried significant restrictions , including one that prohibited programs from seeking attorney 's fees .
then , in the middle of the decade , a vigorous effort to do away with legal services resulted in a funding bill that carried significant [limits] , including one that prohibited programs from seeking attorney 's fees .

Additional restrictions prevented our grantees from doing much of the work they had previously handled-representing prisoners in civil litigation , representing certain groups of immigrants , representing clients in class action lawsuits .
additional [limits] prevented our grantees from doing much of the work they had previously handled-representing prisoners in civil litigation , representing certain groups of immigrants , representing clients in class action lawsuits .

This union of significant funding declines , restrictions and competition began to inexorably change the way that legal services in the United States operate .
this union of significant funding declines , [limits] and competition began to inexorably change the way that legal services in the united states operate .

Needless to say , most of 'the field , ' as we refer to the collective entity that constitutes our grantee programs , was already frightened and concerned because of the funding drops , new restrictions and competition fears .
needless to say , most of 'the field , ' as we refer to the collective entity that constitutes our grantee programs , was already frightened and concerned because of the funding drops , new [limits] and competition fears .

The 1995 Program Lettersii were primarily developed it response to funding cuts and restrictions that had crippled legal services in our country .
the 1995 program lettersii were primarily developed it response to funding cuts and [limits] that had crippled legal services in our country .

Moreover , the fact that Congress has placed numerous restrictions on legal services funding in the United States-restrictions that then attach to non-LSC funds-causes many organizations that might otherwise seriously consider applying for LSC funds to choose not to do so .
moreover , the fact that congress has placed numerous [limits] on legal services funding in the united states-restrictions that then attach to non-lsc funds-causes many organizations that might otherwise seriously consider applying for lsc funds to choose not to do so .

The letter also anticipated the passage of congressional restrictions on the activities of LSC programs , prompting LSC to instruct its programs to forge deeper bonds with other stakeholders , including non-LSC funded programs , state and local bar associations , IOLTA administrators , the judiciary , and client groups .
the letter also anticipated the passage of congressional [limits] on the activities of lsc programs , prompting lsc to instruct its programs to forge deeper bonds with other stakeholders , including non-lsc funded programs , state and local bar associations , iolta administrators , the judiciary , and client groups .

Congress discovered through experience , however , that these restrictions did not exhaust the politically controversial uses to which LSC funds could be put .
congress discovered through experience , however , that these [limits] did not exhaust the politically controversial uses to which lsc funds could be put .

Accordingly , in 1996 Congress added new restrictions to the LSC Act and strengthened existing restrictions .
accordingly , in 1996 congress added new [limits] to the lsc act and strengthened existing [limits] .

Among the new restrictions is the one at issue here .
among the new [limits] is the one at issue here .

The restrictions relating to rulemaking and lobbying are superfluous ; they duplicate general prohibitions on the use of LSC funds for those activities found elsewhere in the Appropriations Act .
the [limits] relating to rulemaking and lobbying are superfluous ; they duplicate general prohibitions on the use of lsc funds for those activities found elsewhere in the appropriations act .

Far from encouraging a diversity of views , it has always , as the Court accurately states , `` placed restrictions on its use of funds , '' ante , at 3 .
far from encouraging a diversity of views , it has always , as the court accurately states , `` placed [limits] on its use of funds , '' ante , at 3 .

The financial constraints that restrict an indigent woman 's ability to enjoy the full range of constitutionally protected freedom of choice are the product not of governmental restrictions on access to abortion , but rather of her indigency . ''
the financial constraints that restrict an indigent woman 's ability to enjoy the full range of constitutionally protected freedom of choice are the product not of governmental [limits] on access to abortion , but rather of her indigency . ''

The new language received virtually no discussion ; nothing in the legislative history suggests that Congress intended to adopt new or more stringent restrictions on alien representation .
the new language received virtually no discussion ; nothing in the legislative history suggests that congress intended to adopt new or more stringent [limits] on alien representation .

It is unlikely that Congress would have added H-2A workers to the categories of eligible aliens without reviewing the restrictions on representation - including the presence requirement - that had been included annually in the Corporation 's appropriations act .
it is unlikely that congress would have added h-2a workers to the categories of eligible aliens without reviewing the [limits] on representation - including the presence requirement - that had been included annually in the corporation 's appropriations act .

Thus , IRCA deemed H-2As to be `` permanent resident aliens '' -a category eligible for LSC legal assistance -- for the purposes of receiving legal assistance from the Corporation.21 According to the comment from Representative Berman provided to the Commission , Congress was aware of the presence requirement and intended that the requirement be consistent with the provision of meaningful representation to the H-2A workers under IRCA : Those of us who actively participated in drafting section 305 , granting LSC the ability to represent H-2A workers and H-2A eligibility for such services , were very much aware of the alien-representation restrictions in the annual LSC appropriations bills ... Congress did not view the present in the United States language in the appropriations bill as limiting the representation of H-2A workers to the time period during which they remained in the United States .
thus , irca deemed h-2as to be `` permanent resident aliens '' -a category eligible for lsc legal assistance -- for the purposes of receiving legal assistance from the corporation.21 according to the comment from representative berman provided to the commission , congress was aware of the presence requirement and intended that the requirement be consistent with the provision of meaningful representation to the h-2a workers under irca : those of us who actively participated in drafting section 305 , granting lsc the ability to represent h-2a workers and h-2a eligibility for such services , were very much aware of the alien-representation [limits] in the annual lsc appropriations bills ... congress did not view the present in the united states language in the appropriations bill as limiting the representation of h-2a workers to the time period during which they remained in the united states .

Continuing Resolution In the 1996 Omnibus Continuing Resolution , Congress revised the restrictions on alien assistance by applying the restrictions to all funds received by LSC entities .
continuing resolution in the 1996 omnibus continuing resolution , congress revised the [limits] on alien assistance by applying the [limits] to all funds received by lsc entities .

Thus , the 1996 revision simply brought together in one place the pre-existing provisions regarding representation of aliens , and applied these restrictions to all funds of an LSC recipient .
thus , the 1996 revision simply brought together in one place the pre-existing provisions regarding representation of aliens , and applied these [limits] to all funds of an lsc recipient .

LSC is committed to continuing to improve the accuracy of its case statistics , vigorously enforcing the Congressional restrictions enacted in 1996 , and creating new and more meaningful ways to evaluate the work of legal services programs receiving federal funds .
lsc is committed to continuing to improve the accuracy of its case statistics , vigorously enforcing the congressional [limits] enacted in 1996 , and creating new and more meaningful ways to evaluate the work of legal services programs receiving federal funds .

In 1995 , LSC 's state planning initiative was primarily focused on how grantees would work together to address funding shortfalls and to respond to the 1995-96 restrictions .
in 1995 , lsc 's state planning initiative was primarily focused on how grantees would work together to address funding shortfalls and to respond to the 1995-96 [limits] .

They realized that significant change in the service delivery system was needed because of the increasing complexity of the practice of law , the number of legal services providers in the state , the restrictions on LSC recipients and , most important , changes in laws and programs affecting clients .
they realized that significant change in the service delivery system was needed because of the increasing complexity of the practice of law , the number of legal services providers in the state , the [limits] on lsc recipients and , most important , changes in laws and programs affecting clients .

In 1995 , anticipating the imposition of restrictions on LSC activities and cuts in LSC funding , the Chief Justice of the Maine Supreme Court and the Presidents of the State Bar Association and the State Bar Foundation sponsored a day-long forum on the future of legal services , attended by leaders from the private bar , the legal services community , the state and federal judiciary , the legislature , and executive branch .
in 1995 , anticipating the imposition of [limits] on lsc activities and cuts in lsc funding , the chief justice of the maine supreme court and the presidents of the state bar association and the state bar foundation sponsored a day-long forum on the future of legal services , attended by leaders from the private bar , the legal services community , the state and federal judiciary , the legislature , and executive branch .

In response to the restrictions and funding cuts imposed nationally in 1996 , the Maryland State Bar Association created the Maryland Coalition for Civil Justice ( MCCJ ) to spearhead and oversee state planning .
in response to the [limits] and funding cuts imposed nationally in 1996 , the maryland state bar association created the maryland coalition for civil justice ( mccj ) to spearhead and oversee state planning .

New Hampshire 's state planning process began in July 1995 , when representatives of the New Hampshire Bar Association , New Hampshire Legal Assistance ( NHLA ) , and the New Hampshire Pro Bono Referral System convened a series of meetings with stakeholders in the legal services delivery system to discuss the design , configuration and operation of the LSC-funded programs in the state in light of pending restrictions and funding cuts .
new hampshire 's state planning process began in july 1995 , when representatives of the new hampshire bar association , new hampshire legal assistance ( nhla ) , and the new hampshire pro bono referral system convened a series of meetings with stakeholders in the legal services delivery system to discuss the design , configuration and operation of the lsc-funded programs in the state in light of pending [limits] and funding cuts .

In reality however , little of LSNJ 's efforts effort went into `` reengineering '' the delivery system since it , as well as other legal services providers and stakeholders throughout the state , were devoting considerable energies and efforts into developing new sources of funding to support the work of the fourteen LSC-funded programs in the aftermath of the 1995 funding cuts and the restrictions .
in reality however , little of lsnj 's efforts effort went into `` reengineering '' the delivery system since it , as well as other legal services providers and stakeholders throughout the state , were devoting considerable energies and efforts into developing new sources of funding to support the work of the fourteen lsc-funded programs in the aftermath of the 1995 funding cuts and the [limits] .

There are neither restrictions on trading nor government second-guessing .
there are neither [limits] on trading nor government second-guessing .

If necessary to meeting the restrictions imposed in the preceding sentence , the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the basic Phase II allowance allocations for each unit subject to the requirements of section 414 .
if necessary to meeting the [limits] imposed in the preceding sentence , the administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the basic phase ii allowance allocations for each unit subject to the requirements of section 414 .

More often than not , those involved have been the businesses that would feel directly the impact of restrictions on the collection and sharing of person data -- -the list companies , the direct marketers .
more often than not , those involved have been the businesses that would feel directly the impact of [limits] on the collection and sharing of person data -- -the list companies , the direct marketers .

Think about this : if the direct marketers and list companies are forced to cut back because of data restrictions , wo n't that impact the manufacture of goods that are marketed ?
think about this : if the direct marketers and list companies are forced to cut back because of data [limits] , wo n't that impact the manufacture of goods that are marketed ?

A regulator might well be required to administer any price caps , incremental-cost floors , or other restrictions .
a regulator might well be required to administer any price caps , incremental-cost floors , or other [limits] .

When viewed in terms of changes the Postal Service would likely make if it wished to make itself into a sustainable monopoly , it becomes clear that these restrictions protect much more than just universal service .
when viewed in terms of changes the postal service would likely make if it wished to make itself into a sustainable monopoly , it becomes clear that these [limits] protect much more than just universal service .

See `` Postal Service Reform ; Issues Relevant to Changing Restrictions on Private Letter Delivery , '' General Accounting Office , September 1996 .
see `` postal service reform ; issues relevant to changing [limits] on private letter delivery , '' general accounting office , september 1996 .

There are sometimes restrictions for policy or appearance reasons on the ways in which government enterprises such as postal services can advertise and promote .
there are sometimes [limits] for policy or appearance reasons on the ways in which government enterprises such as postal services can advertise and promote .

See DOJ memo , Reno to Freeh , FISA surveillance of a suspected al Qaeda operative , Dec. 24 , 1999 ; NSA email , William L. to Karen C. , '' distribution restrictions , '' Dec. 10 , 1999 ; NSA email , William L. to Anthony L. , '' doj restrictions , '' Dec. 20 , 1999 ; NSA email , William L. to Brian C. , '' dissemination of terrorism reporting , '' Dec. 29 , 1999 .
see doj memo , reno to freeh , fisa surveillance of a suspected al qaeda operative , dec. 24 , 1999 ; nsa email , william l. to karen c. , '' distribution [limits] , '' dec. 10 , 1999 ; nsa email , william l. to anthony l. , '' doj [limits] , '' dec. 20 , 1999 ; nsa email , william l. to brian c. , '' dissemination of terrorism reporting , '' dec. 29 , 1999 .

More fundamentally , '' Jane '' apparently understood the welter of restrictions to mean , in workday shorthand , that any information gathered by intelligence agencies should not be shared with criminal agents .
more fundamentally , '' jane '' apparently understood the welter of [limits] to mean , in workday shorthand , that any information gathered by intelligence agencies should not be shared with criminal agents .

Again , each of the airports through which the Bin Ladin flight passed was open , and no special restrictions were lifted to accommodate its passage .
again , each of the airports through which the bin ladin flight passed was open , and no special [limits] were lifted to accommodate its passage .

Enforcing the financial restrictions also proved a challenge-especially in the Middle East .
enforcing the financial [limits] also proved a challenge-especially in the middle east .

There were also restrictions , arising from executive order , on the commingling of domestic information with foreign intelligence .
there were also [limits] , arising from executive order , on the commingling of domestic information with foreign intelligence .

There were therefore numerous restrictions on handling information and a deep suspicion about sending information over newfangled electronic systems , like email , to other agencies of the U.S. government .
there were therefore numerous [limits] on handling information and a deep suspicion about sending information over newfangled electronic systems , like email , to other agencies of the u.s. government .

An NSC official recalls a somewhat different emphasis , saying that attendees were asked to take the information back to their home agencies and `` do what you can '' with it , subject to classification and distribution restrictions .
an nsc official recalls a somewhat different emphasis , saying that attendees were asked to take the information back to their home agencies and `` do what you can '' with it , subject to classification and distribution [limits] .

Through his relationship with Mullah Omar-and the monetary and other benefits that it brought the Taliban-Bin Ladin was able to circumvent restrictions ; Mullah Omar would stand by him even when otherTaliban leaders raised objections .
through his relationship with mullah omar-and the monetary and other benefits that it brought the taliban-bin ladin was able to circumvent [limits] ; mullah omar would stand by him even when othertaliban leaders raised objections .

You can download and distribute articles without restrictions ( feel free to make a thousand copies , translate articles into other languages , put articles into books—just give the author proper credit ) .
you can download and distribute articles without [limits] ( feel free to make a thousand copies , translate articles into other languages , put articles into books—just give the author proper credit ) .

This is good news for patients coping with severe restrictions on what they can and must not eat , but a study by Ludvig Sollid and colleagues in this issue of PLoS Medicine suggests that oats are not safe in all cases .
this is good news for patients coping with severe [limits] on what they can and must not eat , but a study by ludvig sollid and colleagues in this issue of plos medicine suggests that oats are not safe in all cases .

Smaller RFBR grants , while simpler to obtain , are insufficient to purchase large pieces of equipment , and funds from several grants or several years can not be combined due to bureaucratic restrictions .
smaller rfbr grants , while simpler to obtain , are insufficient to purchase large pieces of equipment , and funds from several grants or several years can not be combined due to bureaucratic [limits] .

Having the funds to purchase modern equipment abroad is only the first hurdle ; the many conflicting rules and restrictions , inefficiency , and corruption within the system can subsequently hold up the process .
having the funds to purchase modern equipment abroad is only the first hurdle ; the many conflicting rules and [limits] , inefficiency , and corruption within the system can subsequently hold up the process .

Of course , direct support in the form of competitive grants is important , especially if there are few restrictions on spending ; even the most carefully considered procedure can not foresee all possible situations .
of course , direct support in the form of competitive grants is important , especially if there are few [limits] on spending ; even the most carefully considered procedure can not foresee all possible situations .

The basis for these restrictions is not known .
the basis for these [limits] is not known .

We suddenly found friends who did not think we were inadequate , or at least we shared inadequacy and fumbled for relief from restrictions of our behavior .
we suddenly found friends who did not think we were inadequate , or at least we shared inadequacy and fumbled for relief from [limits] of our behavior .

He was sentenced to 7 years in imprison ( sic ) with hard labor and to indefinite restrictions thereafter .
he was sentenced to 7 years in imprison ( sic ) with hard labor and to indefinite [limits] thereafter .

On August 21 , 1961 , nine years after his arrest , he was freed from all restrictions .
on august 21 , 1961 , nine years after his arrest , he was freed from all [limits] .

Under the agreement -- the details of which should be finalized by Monday -- tobacco companies would face various marketing restrictions , including a ban on billboard advertising .
under the agreement -- the details of which should be finalized by monday -- tobacco companies would face various marketing [limits] , including a ban on billboard advertising .

New restrictions on special-interest money , they fret , would only enhance the power of the press .
new [limits] on special-interest money , they fret , would only enhance the power of the press .

By basing its authority on public acceptance of extreme gender restrictions , his regime `` has become far more dependent on women for its survival than women are on the regime . ''
by basing its authority on public acceptance of extreme gender [limits] , his regime `` has become far more dependent on women for its survival than women are on the regime . ''

On Wednesday , the Taliban announced that bin Laden had been stripped of all means of communication , including a satellite phone , and that restrictions had been placed on the meetings he could hold .
on wednesday , the taliban announced that bin laden had been stripped of all means of communication , including a satellite phone , and that [limits] had been placed on the meetings he could hold .

His status as a `` guest '' of the Taliban would be reconsidered if he breached the restrictions , the statement added .
his status as a `` guest '' of the taliban would be reconsidered if he breached the [limits] , the statement added .

Presumably writing before the Taliban announced its new restrictions on bin Laden , commentator Joseph Samaha of Saudi-owned al-Hayat described him in an editorial Thursday as one of the great beneficiaries of the American-sponsored `` communications revolution , '' which enabled him to transfer money undetected around the world and to reach every corner of the `` information village . ''
presumably writing before the taliban announced its new [limits] on bin laden , commentator joseph samaha of saudi-owned al-hayat described him in an editorial thursday as one of the great beneficiaries of the american-sponsored `` communications revolution , '' which enabled him to transfer money undetected around the world and to reach every corner of the `` information village . ''

Were Germans moved to speak out against the popular legal restrictions on Jewish rights ?
were germans moved to speak out against the popular legal [limits] on jewish rights ?

Almost as soon as he was elected , Yates attempted self-immolation by voting against the McCarran Act , which placed McCarthyite restrictions on visitors to the United States .
almost as soon as he was elected , yates attempted self-immolation by voting against the mccarran act , which placed mccarthyite [limits] on visitors to the united states .

Clearly , such limited restrictions do n't work as well as a total ban .
clearly , such limited [limits] do n't work as well as a total ban .

Obviously crime is a bad thing , so if your research indicates a correlation between a social practice -- abortion -- and a reduction in crime , you are at a minimum implicitly advocating that practice with the minimum of legal restrictions .
obviously crime is a bad thing , so if your research indicates a correlation between a social practice -- abortion -- and a reduction in crime , you are at a minimum implicitly advocating that practice with the minimum of legal [limits] .

The conventional populist critique of evolution identifies it with sex education , condom distribution , restrictions on school prayer , and other perceived liberal attacks on religion .
the conventional populist critique of evolution identifies it with sex education , condom distribution , [limits] on school prayer , and other perceived liberal attacks on religion .

It eliminates loopholes that previously allowed gun manufacturers to evade restrictions by renaming or slightly altering their weapons .
it eliminates loopholes that previously allowed gun manufacturers to evade [limits] by renaming or slightly altering their weapons .

So , to the shock of many , he suddenly changed the rules , imposing new restrictions on the ability of short-term investors to withdraw funds .
so , to the shock of many , he suddenly changed the rules , imposing new [limits] on the ability of short-term investors to withdraw funds .

FEC Chairman Scott Thomas , a Democrat who was also at the conference , noted that the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 outlined three principles that need to be preserved on the Internet : 1 ) disclosure of how money is raised and spent to influence elections ; 2 ) limits on the amount that any one person can contribute to a campaign ; and 3 ) restrictions on independent spending by corporations and unions .
fec chairman scott thomas , a democrat who was also at the conference , noted that the federal election campaign act of 1971 outlined three principles that need to be preserved on the internet : 1 ) disclosure of how money is raised and spent to influence elections ; 2 ) limits on the amount that any one person can contribute to a campaign ; and 3 ) [limits] on independent spending by corporations and unions .

It is not true that a person must include a prior set of restrictions in a deed when he sells his property .
it is not true that a person must include a prior set of [limits] in a deed when he sells his property .

Bush did not have to do anything except direct that the restrictions be omitted or stricken from the deed he granted to his buyer .
bush did not have to do anything except direct that the [limits] be omitted or stricken from the deed he granted to his buyer .

As the governor of his state , he should have had the decency , fortitude , and sensitivity to recognize the importance of refusing to include these restrictions in his deed .
as the governor of his state , he should have had the decency , fortitude , and sensitivity to recognize the importance of refusing to include these [limits] in his deed .

Incidentally , in Pennsylvania , the presence of a racial restriction in a set of deed restrictions makes all the rest of that set of restrictions ( e.g. , as to the maximum height of fences , the prohibition of nonsingle-family residences , etc . )
incidentally , in pennsylvania , the presence of a racial restriction in a set of deed [limits] makes all the rest of that set of [limits] ( e.g. , as to the maximum height of fences , the prohibition of nonsingle-family residences , etc . )

At the very least , it means that the restrictions do not have the halo of constitutional protection .
at the very least , it means that the [limits] do not have the halo of constitutional protection .

Speaking on television and in the print media about the Texas massacre , they juxtapose today 's `` weak '' gun laws with the `` tough '' restrictions they would prefer .
speaking on television and in the print media about the texas massacre , they juxtapose today 's `` weak '' gun laws with the `` tough '' [limits] they would prefer .

So I found myself advocating temporary restrictions on the ability of investors to pull money out of crisis economies -- a curfew , if you like , on capital flight -- as part of a recovery strategy .
so i found myself advocating temporary [limits] on the ability of investors to pull money out of crisis economies -- a curfew , if you like , on capital flight -- as part of a recovery strategy .

A few days after my visit , restrictions on removing money from the country were eased and hardly any money was pulled out .
a few days after my visit , [limits] on removing money from the country were eased and hardly any money was pulled out .

Here , again , is additional information on the BATF 's onerous restrictions on health claims , the U.S. government 's current dietary guidelines dealing with alcohol , and the American Heart Association 's recommendation on alcohol .
here , again , is additional information on the batf 's onerous [limits] on health claims , the u.s. government 's current dietary guidelines dealing with alcohol , and the american heart association 's recommendation on alcohol .

The company 's Web site sets down these specific restrictions , among others : You must have 1 ) an `` [ u ] nobstructed line of site to the South from your home [ or ] office '' and 2 ) `` [ n ] o tolerance for waiting . ''
the company 's web site sets down these specific [limits] , among others : you must have 1 ) an `` [ u ] nobstructed line of site to the south from your home [ or ] office '' and 2 ) `` [ n ] o tolerance for waiting . ''

Since citizens legally carrying firearms make those areas safer , firearms restrictions are counterproductive .
since citizens legally carrying firearms make those areas safer , firearms [limits] are counterproductive .

Around the world , governments are considering restrictions on on-line content .
around the world , governments are considering [limits] on on-line content .

Since children differ , contexts of use differ , and values differ , blanket restrictions on distribution can never meet everyone 's needs .
since children differ , contexts of use differ , and values differ , blanket [limits] on distribution can never meet everyone 's needs .

Many readers find it suspicious that Michael Lewis has stopped filing dispatches from the Microsoft antitrust trial , and they do not accept our explanation that he got bored , found the hard wooden seats nightmarishly uncomfortable ( especially combined with the judge 's power-mad restrictions on leaving to go to the bathroom ) , felt he had said most of what he wanted to say , has a pressing book deadline , and so on .
many readers find it suspicious that michael lewis has stopped filing dispatches from the microsoft antitrust trial , and they do not accept our explanation that he got bored , found the hard wooden seats nightmarishly uncomfortable ( especially combined with the judge 's power-mad [limits] on leaving to go to the bathroom ) , felt he had said most of what he wanted to say , has a pressing book deadline , and so on .

This is what Clinton tried to explain at his press conference on Sunday , `` Our willingness to strike ... produced the outcome we preferred : Saddam Hussein reversing course , letting the inspectors go back to work without restrictions or conditions . ''
this is what clinton tried to explain at his press conference on sunday , `` our willingness to strike ... produced the outcome we preferred : saddam hussein reversing course , letting the inspectors go back to work without [limits] or conditions . ''

Initiatives in the deep South further restricted the rights of prisoners ( who knew there were any restrictions left to impose ? ) .
initiatives in the deep south further restricted the rights of prisoners ( who knew there were any [limits] left to impose ? ) .

They would accept FDA supervision and advertising restrictions in exchange for an act of Congress that would require plaintiffs to seek compensation from a general tobacco-industry fund rather than from the companies .
they would accept fda supervision and advertising [limits] in exchange for an act of congress that would require plaintiffs to seek compensation from a general tobacco-industry fund rather than from the companies .

They would also accept FDA supervision and restrictions on their advertising in exchange for an act of Congress that would require plaintiffs to seek compensation from a general tobacco-industry fund rather than from the companies .
they would also accept fda supervision and [limits] on their advertising in exchange for an act of congress that would require plaintiffs to seek compensation from a general tobacco-industry fund rather than from the companies .

The restrictions were amended in the 1980s to allow military involvement in the drug war .
the [limits] were amended in the 1980s to allow military involvement in the drug war .

The paper cautions that it remains unclear whether China will recommit to cutting its tariffs to 10 percent and phasing out import restrictions in exchange for WTO membership .
the paper cautions that it remains unclear whether china will recommit to cutting its tariffs to 10 percent and phasing out import [limits] in exchange for wto membership .

Consequently , the administration gave the prisoners until 5 p.m. Friday to accept the president 's gesture , which includes restrictions on their travel and political activity .
consequently , the administration gave the prisoners until 5 p.m. friday to accept the president 's gesture , which includes [limits] on their travel and political activity .

Roe was itself a compromise : Radical feminists had lobbied for no abortion restrictions at all .
roe was itself a compromise : radical feminists had lobbied for no abortion [limits] at all .

Many of them , my doctor included , are chafing under the book-keeping requirements and restrictions on their professional discretion that are prominent features of the new medical regime .
many of them , my doctor included , are chafing under the book-keeping requirements and [limits] on their professional discretion that are prominent features of the new medical regime .

He has spoken out against the new restrictions on federal habeas corpus .
he has spoken out against the new [limits] on federal habeas corpus .

The 6-3 decision declared that such restrictions do not violate Amendment rights , as `` money is property ; it is not speech . ''
the 6-3 decision declared that such [limits] do not violate amendment rights , as `` money is property ; it is not speech . ''

Restrictions on people 's right to spend money expressing themselves is a very real -- and unconstitutional -- restriction on their right of free speech .
[limits] on people 's right to spend money expressing themselves is a very real -- and unconstitutional -- restriction on their right of free speech .

The lifting by the United States of some of its anti-Cuba restrictions was reported briefly by Granma on an inside page and was the subject of no editorial comment either then or subsequently .
the lifting by the united states of some of its anti-cuba [limits] was reported briefly by granma on an inside page and was the subject of no editorial comment either then or subsequently .

The NYT lead reports that the White House said Thursday it would not submit the proposed global warming treaty for Senate ratification until developing countries agree to participate in its restrictions , something these countries refused to do at Kyoto until they see developed countries like the U.S. cut their own emissions first .
the nyt lead reports that the white house said thursday it would not submit the proposed global warming treaty for senate ratification until developing countries agree to participate in its [limits] , something these countries refused to do at kyoto until they see developed countries like the u.s. cut their own emissions first .

Sources tell the paper the Clintons have approved a new vehicle that , it is hoped , will avoid the restrictions that kept the old trust from soliciting money for their use -- by having it `` independently '' set up by some third party .
sources tell the paper the clintons have approved a new vehicle that , it is hoped , will avoid the [limits] that kept the old trust from soliciting money for their use -- by having it `` independently '' set up by some third party .

The WP piece does n't even mention Khameni ( although another Post front pager , on Iran 's loosening of domestic social restrictions , especially on women and intellectuals , does so in the course of an informative paragraph on the Iranian power structure ) .
the wp piece does n't even mention khameni ( although another post front pager , on iran 's loosening of domestic social [limits] , especially on women and intellectuals , does so in the course of an informative paragraph on the iranian power structure ) .

The New York Times lead is that the New York City Council has passed the nation 's toughest restrictions on outdoor cigarette advertising .
the new york times lead is that the new york city council has passed the nation 's toughest [limits] on outdoor cigarette advertising .

The LAT emphasizes instead Netanyahu 's resistance , saying that he `` rebuffed '' Albright 's `` appeal to cease economic restrictions to encourage the Palestinian Authority to crack down on terrorism . ''
the lat emphasizes instead netanyahu 's resistance , saying that he `` rebuffed '' albright 's `` appeal to cease economic [limits] to encourage the palestinian authority to crack down on terrorism . ''

Having rebelled in their youth against Judaism 's commandments , having come to revile its restrictions -- having , in some sense , wished it dead -- they were forced to watch the Nazis fulfill their fantasy by actually murdering the thing whose destruction they inwardly willed .
having rebelled in their youth against judaism 's commandments , having come to revile its [limits] -- having , in some sense , wished it dead -- they were forced to watch the nazis fulfill their fantasy by actually murdering the thing whose destruction they inwardly willed .

Though he amply covers the higher-stakes political events , he never allows them to eclipse his larger story : farmers and teachers , sharecroppers and dentists , prying their freedom loose from the grip of segregationist whites -- and in so doing stripping away the racist restrictions that had always made the achievements of American democracy ring hollow .
though he amply covers the higher-stakes political events , he never allows them to eclipse his larger story : farmers and teachers , sharecroppers and dentists , prying their freedom loose from the grip of segregationist whites -- and in so doing stripping away the racist [limits] that had always made the achievements of american democracy ring hollow .

When Big Tobacco agreed to the previously unimaginable last year -- severe marketing restrictions on cigarettes and a $ 368.5 billion payout to the states and the federal government over the next 25 years -- anti-tobacconists pouted instead of cheering .
when big tobacco agreed to the previously unimaginable last year -- severe marketing [limits] on cigarettes and a $ 368.5 billion payout to the states and the federal government over the next 25 years -- anti-tobacconists pouted instead of cheering .

The American Lung Association dismissed the restrictions as `` a mere inconvenience '' to the industry .
the american lung association dismissed the [limits] as `` a mere inconvenience '' to the industry .

Portraying himself as a `` whistleblower , '' LeBow simultaneously surrendered to the anti-tobacconists , with whom he hoped to settle for a few million and some marketing restrictions , and launched a takeover bid for RJR .
portraying himself as a `` whistleblower , '' lebow simultaneously surrendered to the anti-tobacconists , with whom he hoped to settle for a few million and some marketing [limits] , and launched a takeover bid for rjr .

Enlisting the Russians in his cause , he successfully moved world opinion toward lifting the restrictions .
enlisting the russians in his cause , he successfully moved world opinion toward lifting the [limits] .

Thomas disagrees , arguing that the Supreme Court will ixnay cigarette advertising restrictions on Amendment grounds .
thomas disagrees , arguing that the supreme court will ixnay cigarette advertising [limits] on amendment grounds .

It also reflects the enormous pressure brought to bear by the U.S. business community , which is aware that placing restrictions on Chinese trade would lead to swift retaliation from Beijing .
it also reflects the enormous pressure brought to bear by the u.s. business community , which is aware that placing [limits] on chinese trade would lead to swift retaliation from beijing .

Offered a clear choice of candidates and policies for the first time since the 1979 revolution , an overwhelming majority of Iranians voted to overturn the social and cultural restrictions that have become synonymous with the Islamic republic 's revolutionary zeal .
offered a clear choice of candidates and policies for the first time since the 1979 revolution , an overwhelming majority of iranians voted to overturn the social and cultural [limits] that have become synonymous with the islamic republic 's revolutionary zeal .

However , given the size of Khatami 's mandate , Khamenei may conclude that the desire for easing social and cultural restrictions is compelling enough , and opt to assist the new president in overcoming conservative opponents .
however , given the size of khatami 's mandate , khamenei may conclude that the desire for easing social and cultural [limits] is compelling enough , and opt to assist the new president in overcoming conservative opponents .

The NYT and LAT headlines focus on the facts of these restrictions -- the WP headline instead goes more for the political angle : `` House Rebukes Clinton on China . ''
the nyt and lat headlines focus on the facts of these [limits] -- the wp headline instead goes more for the political angle : `` house rebukes clinton on china . ''

The context for all this jockeying is the fate of the tobacco bill , with its restrictions on teen marketing , now awaiting consideration by the full Senate .
the context for all this jockeying is the fate of the tobacco bill , with its [limits] on teen marketing , now awaiting consideration by the full senate .

USAT and the LAT lead with a Supreme Court decision placing new restrictions on credit union membership .
usat and the lat lead with a supreme court decision placing new [limits] on credit union membership .

The New York Times and USAT point out that while Congress can proceed unilaterally in many areas of the proposed legislation , this is problematic with the provisions that touch on the curtailment of free speech , such as advertising restrictions .
the new york times and usat point out that while congress can proceed unilaterally in many areas of the proposed legislation , this is problematic with the provisions that touch on the curtailment of free speech , such as advertising [limits] .

Picking up where yesterday 's USAT and WP leads left off , the NYT lead explains that when , on Monday , Sen. John McCain officially unveiled the comprehensive tobacco bill he 'd been putting together , it was seen to place no restrictions on private lawsuits against the tobacco companies , although it does contain an annual damage ceiling of $ 6.5 billion ( awards in excess of that amount would be owed in full , but could be carried forward to subsequent years ) .
picking up where yesterday 's usat and wp leads left off , the nyt lead explains that when , on monday , sen. john mccain officially unveiled the comprehensive tobacco bill he 'd been putting together , it was seen to place no [limits] on private lawsuits against the tobacco companies , although it does contain an annual damage ceiling of $ 6.5 billion ( awards in excess of that amount would be owed in full , but could be carried forward to subsequent years ) .

Are those who want to impose import restrictions against countries with low labor standards willing to lift those restrictions against countries that start to pay decent wages ?
are those who want to impose import [limits] against countries with low labor standards willing to lift those [limits] against countries that start to pay decent wages ?

The people in these ads have been confused by complicated pricing plans and service agreements with strange restrictions .
the people in these ads have been confused by complicated pricing plans and service agreements with strange [limits] .

As Human Rights Watch observed in a statement last month to the Senate Foreign Relations committee , human-rights concerns have loomed smaller for the United States and China 's other major trading partners `` even as the Chinese government 's restrictions on freedom of expression and association grew tighter . ''
as human rights watch observed in a statement last month to the senate foreign relations committee , human-rights concerns have loomed smaller for the united states and china 's other major trading partners `` even as the chinese government 's [limits] on freedom of expression and association grew tighter . ''

After my psychotic outburst of HMO-vitriol , I almost hesitate to comment on your remark about Christopher H. Smith , because regarding the deal that was worked out to impose `` anti-abortion '' restrictions on international Third World family planning aid programs as a condition of paying our long-overdue U.N. debt , I 'm on the verge of spinning out into berzerker mode again .
after my psychotic outburst of hmo-vitriol , i almost hesitate to comment on your remark about christopher h. smith , because regarding the deal that was worked out to impose `` anti-abortion '' [limits] on international third world family planning aid programs as a condition of paying our long-overdue u.n. debt , i 'm on the verge of spinning out into berzerker mode again .

This principle has been used most frequently to prevent beneficiaries from having to uphold illegal racial restrictions in order to receive property .
this principle has been used most frequently to prevent beneficiaries from having to uphold illegal racial [limits] in order to receive property .

In most states , restrictions on private inheritances are limited to the lifetime of living beneficiaries plus 21 years ( conditions on bequests to charities can often last longer ) .
in most states , [limits] on private inheritances are limited to the lifetime of living beneficiaries plus 21 years ( conditions on bequests to charities can often last longer ) .

These discussions are not doctrinaire , but their general inclination is to favor state intervention , on political grounds , in each of those areas -- that is , to favor restrictions on campaign spending , greater regulation of pornography , and so on .
these discussions are not doctrinaire , but their general inclination is to favor state intervention , on political grounds , in each of those areas -- that is , to favor [limits] on campaign spending , greater regulation of pornography , and so on .

The Karmapa Lama is said to have fled because of recent Chinese restrictions on his movement and teachings .
the karmapa lama is said to have fled because of recent chinese [limits] on his movement and teachings .

If you favor opening foreign markets , the question forces you to oppose trade restrictions -- even though the best argument for trade restrictions is that they 're necessary to pry open foreign markets .
if you favor opening foreign markets , the question forces you to oppose trade [limits] -- even though the best argument for trade [limits] is that they 're necessary to pry open foreign markets .

From this , pro-choicers conclude that restrictions on Medicaid-funded abortions are racist because they target black and Hispanic women .
from this , pro-choicers conclude that [limits] on medicaid-funded abortions are racist because they target black and hispanic women .

Earlier this month , a Senate subcommittee considering stricter restrictions on music lyrics heard an anguished father blame his son 's suicide on shock rocker Marilyn Manson 's music .
earlier this month , a senate subcommittee considering stricter [limits] on music lyrics heard an anguished father blame his son 's suicide on shock rocker marilyn manson 's music .

Typically , the proposals loosen the restrictions .
typically , the proposals loosen the [limits] .

The White House and Congress tentatively compromised on U.N. debts and abortion restrictions .
the white house and congress tentatively compromised on u.n. debts and abortion [limits] .

A federal judge suspended California restrictions on ATM fees .
a federal judge suspended california [limits] on atm fees .

A federal judge suspended California restrictions on ATM fees .
a federal judge suspended california [limits] on atm fees .

It , not spelled out in the story , declared mandatory restrictions on water usage throughout the state .
it , not spelled out in the story , declared mandatory [limits] on water usage throughout the state .

Amid all the triumphant rhetoric about the orderly transition from welfare to work , it seems that many people who are still entitled to food stamps are n't getting them for reasons that include ignorance , new state restrictions , and the general down-with-the-welfare-state ethos of the age .
amid all the triumphant rhetoric about the orderly transition from welfare to work , it seems that many people who are still entitled to food stamps are n't getting them for reasons that include ignorance , new state [limits] , and the general down-with-the-welfare-state ethos of the age .

The Republicans chose to risk a veto on their tax cut rather than settle for a smaller one , and the Democrats refused to support light restrictions on gun control when their stricter package was defeated .
the republicans chose to risk a veto on their tax cut rather than settle for a smaller one , and the democrats refused to support light [limits] on gun control when their stricter package was defeated .

They are n't asking him to explain to Republican voters how his crusades for campaign-finance restrictions and a half-trillion-dollar tobacco tax square with conservative principles .
they are n't asking him to explain to republican voters how his crusades for campaign-finance [limits] and a half-trillion-dollar tobacco tax square with conservative principles .

Most of the major candidates favor loosening export restrictions on encryption policy .
most of the major candidates favor loosening export [limits] on encryption policy .

President Clinton and his Democrat allies will undoubtedly exploit the tragedy of Littleton to push for still more restrictions on the constitutional right to bear arms .
president clinton and his democrat allies will undoubtedly exploit the tragedy of littleton to push for still more [limits] on the constitutional right to bear arms .

The countries plan to ease travel restrictions , and Sharif is expected to take a trip to New Delhi .
the countries plan to ease travel [limits] , and sharif is expected to take a trip to new delhi .

Senate Republicans endorsed new gun restrictions .
senate republicans endorsed new gun [limits] .

Short of bringing your own dinner in a paper bag ( only acceptable for Carol Channing and people with severe food restrictions ) , Prudie suggests you incorporate the following two ploys : Do not finish everything you are served , and push the unconsumed portion around on your plate .
short of bringing your own dinner in a paper bag ( only acceptable for carol channing and people with severe food [limits] ) , prudie suggests you incorporate the following two ploys : do not finish everything you are served , and push the unconsumed portion around on your plate .

Elizabeth Dole has sounded the cry for increasing restrictions on guns , and both Dole and George W. Bush have been `` mute '' on abortion .
elizabeth dole has sounded the cry for increasing [limits] on guns , and both dole and george w. bush have been `` mute '' on abortion .

More than 100 House Republicans signed up last month to sponsor legislation to relax restrictions on exports of encryption technology , despite Clinton 's objections that this technology might be passed to terrorists .
more than 100 house republicans signed up last month to sponsor legislation to relax [limits] on exports of encryption technology , despite clinton 's objections that this technology might be passed to terrorists .

By changing the `` culture '' -- i.e. , the way voters `` think about '' firearms -- Clinton hopes to swing public opinion in favor of gun restrictions .
by changing the `` culture '' -- i.e. , the way voters `` think about '' firearms -- clinton hopes to swing public opinion in favor of gun [limits] .

Adults who ca n't stand the idea of the government telling them what to do are usually willing and often eager to have the government impose identical restrictions on teen-agers .
adults who ca n't stand the idea of the government telling them what to do are usually willing and often eager to have the government impose identical [limits] on teen-agers .

Some Arab papers have been telling of `` glasnost `` in Iraq , with Saddam Hussein reportedly easing government restrictions on freedom of expression and political opposition .
some arab papers have been telling of `` glasnost `` in iraq , with saddam hussein reportedly easing government [limits] on freedom of expression and political opposition .

In 1995 , Congress dropped all federal restrictions on highway speed limits ( first imposed during the 1970s energy crisis ) , letting states set the maximum wherever they pleased .
in 1995 , congress dropped all federal [limits] on highway speed limits ( first imposed during the 1970s energy crisis ) , letting states set the maximum wherever they pleased .

Democracy weak : allegations of election fraud ; arbitrary arrests ; restrictions on freedom of press . )
democracy weak : allegations of election fraud ; arbitrary arrests ; [limits] on freedom of press . )

Anxious to avoid being blamed for Palestinian landlessness , British officials began imposing token restrictions on Jewish land purchase in 1940 .
anxious to avoid being blamed for palestinian landlessness , british officials began imposing token [limits] on jewish land purchase in 1940 .

While the government permits U.S. companies to sell any cryptography domestically , it has imposed export restrictions on technology stronger than 40 bits .
while the government permits u.s. companies to sell any cryptography domestically , it has imposed export [limits] on technology stronger than 40 bits .

These restrictions have angered the computer industry .
these [limits] have angered the computer industry .

The industry claims that export restrictions could cost American computer companies more than $ 60 billion in annual revenues by the year 2000 : $ 6 billion from lost cryptography sales , the rest from lost sales of associated hardware and software .
the industry claims that export [limits] could cost american computer companies more than $ 60 billion in annual revenues by the year 2000 : $ 6 billion from lost cryptography sales , the rest from lost sales of associated hardware and software .

Critics argue that unbreakable encryption already is marketed by foreign companies , so the export restrictions on American cryptography do no good .
critics argue that unbreakable encryption already is marketed by foreign companies , so the export [limits] on american cryptography do no good .

Since 1993 , the administration has been using export restrictions as leverage to encourage American companies to adopt a standard with a `` backdoor `` -- a route of entry for an outsider , such as the U.S. government , to recover encrypted data .
since 1993 , the administration has been using export [limits] as leverage to encourage american companies to adopt a standard with a `` backdoor `` -- a route of entry for an outsider , such as the u.s. government , to recover encrypted data .

In April 1993 , the administration said it would lift export restrictions on companies that use the Clipper Chip .
in april 1993 , the administration said it would lift export [limits] on companies that use the clipper chip .

In 1996 , these legislators introduced a bill to all but eliminate export restrictions .
in 1996 , these legislators introduced a bill to all but eliminate export [limits] .

Vice President Gore offered an executive order that would ease export restrictions by 1 ) raising the export limit from 40 bits to 56 bits for at least the next two years ( allowing U.S. companies to meet the current minimum commercial standard ) ; 2 ) transferring export-license authority from a State Department military office , which almost always refuses applications , to the more friendly Commerce Department ; 3 ) permitting export of encryption of unlimited strength , provided the technology incorporates `` key recovery . ''
vice president gore offered an executive order that would ease export [limits] by 1 ) raising the export limit from 40 bits to 56 bits for at least the next two years ( allowing u.s. companies to meet the current minimum commercial standard ) ; 2 ) transferring export-license authority from a state department military office , which almost always refuses applications , to the more friendly commerce department ; 3 ) permitting export of encryption of unlimited strength , provided the technology incorporates `` key recovery . ''

In practice , however , these restrictions melt away .
in practice , however , these [limits] melt away .

He might try to undo the ban on direct corporate and labor contributions that has been in effect since 1907 or undo soft-money restrictions by leaving state committees free to dabble in federal races .
he might try to undo the ban on direct corporate and labor contributions that has been in effect since 1907 or undo soft-money [limits] by leaving state committees free to dabble in federal races .

On top of the many sacrifices public servants already must make -- disclosure , lower pay , restrictions on what they can do after they leave -- they must increasingly bank on being gratuitously ripped apart by a totally politicized confirmation process .
on top of the many sacrifices public servants already must make -- disclosure , lower pay , [limits] on what they can do after they leave -- they must increasingly bank on being gratuitously ripped apart by a totally politicized confirmation process .

In general , Buckley upheld restrictions on political contributions while rejecting limits on political expenditures .
in general , buckley upheld [limits] on political contributions while rejecting limits on political expenditures .

Even `` independent '' expenditures are not free of all restrictions if they involve `` express advocacy '' of a candidate , as opposed to a discussion of the issues that stops short of explicit endorsement .
even `` independent '' expenditures are not free of all [limits] if they involve `` express advocacy '' of a candidate , as opposed to a discussion of the issues that stops short of explicit endorsement .

Unlike Verner , Liipfert 's recently acquired Republican bauble Bob Dole , who is still covered by post-government-employment restrictions on lobbying , Mitchell is free to work his former colleagues .
unlike verner , liipfert 's recently acquired republican bauble bob dole , who is still covered by post-government-employment [limits] on lobbying , mitchell is free to work his former colleagues .

As a former House employee , Gillespie is bound by the post-employment restrictions that apply to ex-congressional staff members .
as a former house employee , gillespie is bound by the post-employment [limits] that apply to ex-congressional staff members .

Some restrictions apply .
some [limits] apply .

Was it the right of the Internet to be free of all government restrictions ?
was it the right of the internet to be free of all government [limits] ?

The Internet makes enforcement of any restrictions on the spread of information much more difficult .
the internet makes enforcement of any [limits] on the spread of information much more difficult .

Was the principle at stake here the right to be free of stupid and/or unnecessary government restrictions ?
was the principle at stake here the right to be free of stupid and/or unnecessary government [limits] ?

The report proposes a statement of U.S. policy on content restrictions : `` Promote the use of industry ... self-regulation and rating systems , and technical solutions to empower parents and other users to resolve contentious access issues ( e.g .
the report proposes a statement of u.s. policy on content [limits] : `` promote the use of industry ... self-regulation and rating systems , and technical solutions to empower parents and other users to resolve contentious access issues ( e.g .

The real story : Clinton 's friends are setting up a new legal defense fund to circumvent the restrictions .
the real story : clinton 's friends are setting up a new legal defense fund to circumvent the [limits] .

China issued new restrictions on political speech over the Internet .
china issued new [limits] on political speech over the internet .

Skeptics point out that enforcing the restrictions on Web sites is Sisyphean , and enforcing them on e-mail is virtually impossible .
skeptics point out that enforcing the [limits] on web sites is sisyphean , and enforcing them on e-mail is virtually impossible .

The real news is n't the approval , which was decided upon months ago , but the elaborate new regime of warnings and restrictions , which are designed to prevent a recurrence of the birth defects thalidomide caused in the 1960s .
the real news is n't the approval , which was decided upon months ago , but the elaborate new regime of warnings and [limits] , which are designed to prevent a recurrence of the birth defects thalidomide caused in the 1960s .

Another refreshing feature of Goodman 's storytelling is that , unlike other members of fundamentalist sects one might find in novels , her characters do n't chafe at their restrictions , or not too much .
another refreshing feature of goodman 's storytelling is that , unlike other members of fundamentalist sects one might find in novels , her characters do n't chafe at their [limits] , or not too much .

The Wall Street Journal front-page `` World Wide '' news box refers to an AP story about the head of the World Health Organization saying that cigarette makers now under increasing restrictions in the U.S. should not be allowed to expand into other countries .
the wall street journal front-page `` world wide '' news box refers to an ap story about the head of the world health organization saying that cigarette makers now under increasing [limits] in the u.s. should not be allowed to expand into other countries .

The thesis attempted to provide a `` scientific '' rationale for hatred at a time when legal restrictions on Jews were disappearing .
the thesis attempted to provide a `` scientific '' rationale for hatred at a time when legal [limits] on jews were disappearing .

Abortion opponents insist on saddling family-planning appropriations with restrictions that deny funding to organizations that perform abortions or give abortion counseling .
abortion opponents insist on saddling family-planning appropriations with [limits] that deny funding to organizations that perform abortions or give abortion counseling .

When President Clinton refused to accept such restrictions in the 1996 and 1997 budgets , the House leadership retaliated by threatening to slash and delay family-planning appropriations .
when president clinton refused to accept such [limits] in the 1996 and 1997 budgets , the house leadership retaliated by threatening to slash and delay family-planning appropriations .

His opponents suspect that Smith 's was a cheap generosity , since he could count on the restrictions he demanded to draw a presidential veto .
his opponents suspect that smith 's was a cheap generosity , since he could count on the [limits] he demanded to draw a presidential veto .

Susan Cohen of the Alan Guttmacher Institute explains that accepting abortion restrictions would stymie efforts to set up effective family-planning branches in the developing world .
susan cohen of the alan guttmacher institute explains that accepting abortion [limits] would stymie efforts to set up effective family-planning branches in the developing world .

Furthermore , even if complying with abortion restrictions were feasible , `` You just ca n't compromise on a principle . ''
furthermore , even if complying with abortion [limits] were feasible , `` you just ca n't compromise on a principle . ''

This time was quite different , and American Christian leaders calling for restrictions on trade with China would do well to keep in mind that the greater freedom -- or , at least , the lower levels of apprehension -- with which many Chinese Christians now practice their faith owes itself in large measure to China 's economic opening to the world .
this time was quite different , and american christian leaders calling for [limits] on trade with china would do well to keep in mind that the greater freedom -- or , at least , the lower levels of apprehension -- with which many chinese christians now practice their faith owes itself in large measure to china 's economic opening to the world .

Mccain-feingold 's nobly conceived ban on soft-money contributions ( funds designated by the party for nonfederal use , including party building and state-election activity ) and its restrictions on issue advertisements would have changed little .
mccain-feingold 's nobly conceived ban on soft-money contributions ( funds designated by the party for nonfederal use , including party building and state-election activity ) and its [limits] on issue advertisements would have changed little .

After all , even this architectural utopia has turned out to have its downsides : onerous zoning and architectural restrictions , rules about what you can and can not do with your garden , a general atmosphere of community-mindedness that can grate on a soul , if that soul ( like Truman ) starts to develop a live-free-or-die approach to things .
after all , even this architectural utopia has turned out to have its downsides : onerous zoning and architectural [limits] , rules about what you can and can not do with your garden , a general atmosphere of community-mindedness that can grate on a soul , if that soul ( like truman ) starts to develop a live-free-or-die approach to things .

The WP sees in the findings a criticism of the Clinton administration policy of loosening export restrictions , which , according to the papers , the committee wants re-cinched .
the wp sees in the findings a criticism of the clinton administration policy of loosening export [limits] , which , according to the papers , the committee wants re-cinched .

The Washington Post and New York Times lead with the likely easing today by the Clinton administration of some restrictions governing U.S. interactions with Cuba .
the washington post and new york times lead with the likely easing today by the clinton administration of some [limits] governing u.s. interactions with cuba .

The NYT front reports that the new Clinton legal defense fund , free of some of the legal restrictions of the old one that was disbanded earlier this year , has already been much more successful , bringing in more than $ 2 million in just six months .
the nyt front reports that the new clinton legal defense fund , free of some of the legal [limits] of the old one that was disbanded earlier this year , has already been much more successful , bringing in more than $ 2 million in just six months .

Many apartheid-era blacks claimed mixed ancestry in order to avoid more severe restrictions , often changing family names and falsifying birth records .
many apartheid-era blacks claimed mixed ancestry in order to avoid more severe [limits] , often changing family names and falsifying birth records .

In The Bride of Lammermoor ( Chapter V ) , we are informed that the heroine “ placed certain restrictions on their intercourse , ” a limitation that might have been more usefully set in that same author 's Rob Roy ( Chapter VII ) where we are told of the chance that the narrator and Miss Vernon might be “ thrown into very close and frequent intercourse . ”
in the bride of lammermoor ( chapter v ) , we are informed that the heroine “ placed certain [limits] on their intercourse , ” a limitation that might have been more usefully set in that same author 's rob roy ( chapter vii ) where we are told of the chance that the narrator and miss vernon might be “ thrown into very close and frequent intercourse . ”

Given the restrictions on space , the editors have done an admirable job .
given the [limits] on space , the editors have done an admirable job .

Turning to the Introduction , written by Betty Kirkpatrick , we read , “ There is a school of thought prevalent mainly among older people which seeks to impose a kind of restriction on language that is not imposed on other areas of life. ” [ p. v ] I guess that “ older ” means ` anyone older than Kirkpatrick , ' which I happen to be ; but , while it is a matter of fact ( and of record ) that I do seek to impose restrictions , they are directed against inept , ineffectual , inaccurate language and poor style .
turning to the introduction , written by betty kirkpatrick , we read , “ there is a school of thought prevalent mainly among older people which seeks to impose a kind of restriction on language that is not imposed on other areas of life. ” [ p. v ] i guess that “ older ” means ` anyone older than kirkpatrick , ' which i happen to be ; but , while it is a matter of fact ( and of record ) that i do seek to impose [limits] , they are directed against inept , ineffectual , inaccurate language and poor style .

Moreover , who says I do n't seek to impose restrictions on other areas of life ?
moreover , who says i do n't seek to impose [limits] on other areas of life ?

The restrictions of the ghetto were not only geographical : inhabitants were usually restricted in the trades they could engage in .
the [limits] of the ghetto were not only geographical : inhabitants were usually restricted in the trades they could engage in .

I believe that to create a truly useful work , even acknowledging its restrictions , the author should have considered matters other than raw frequency , the criterion applied for “ use in the classroom or at home. ” For instance , I am not entirely sure what purpose is served in long lists of words ending in - ly that are adverbs formed on adjectives : a formula would not only have sufficed but would enable some words , like kindly and friendly , to have been especially marked .
i believe that to create a truly useful work , even acknowledging its [limits] , the author should have considered matters other than raw frequency , the criterion applied for “ use in the classroom or at home. ” for instance , i am not entirely sure what purpose is served in long lists of words ending in - ly that are adverbs formed on adjectives : a formula would not only have sufficed but would enable some words , like kindly and friendly , to have been especially marked .

One is tempted to comment on further amenities ( e.g. , free parking , porters to carry one 's luggage , B-girls , hookers , house detectives ) and on further restrictions ( there are few hotels in large cities that make “ washrooms freely available ” even to hotel guests outside their rooms , lest some wretch needing to use the facility wander in off the street ) ; but would anyone insist that the presence of shops be restrictively incorporated in the definition of hotel ?
one is tempted to comment on further amenities ( e.g. , free parking , porters to carry one 's luggage , b-girls , hookers , house detectives ) and on further [limits] ( there are few hotels in large cities that make “ washrooms freely available ” even to hotel guests outside their rooms , lest some wretch needing to use the facility wander in off the street ) ; but would anyone insist that the presence of shops be restrictively incorporated in the definition of hotel ?

