Question at issue : How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate -- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters ? ?
question at issue : how big a vote should be necessary to [limit] senate debate -- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters ? ?

Restrict large glass areas to the north and south sides of the house .
[limit] large glass areas to the north and south sides of the house .

By 1937 he had clarified his intentions to serve his people : `` I have striven for clarity and melodious idiom , but at the same time I have by no means attempted to restrict myself to the accepted methods of harmony and melody .
by 1937 he had clarified his intentions to serve his people : `` i have striven for clarity and melodious idiom , but at the same time i have by no means attempted to [limit] myself to the accepted methods of harmony and melody .

Are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? ?
are you careful to [limit] the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? ?

Because of the political upheaval in Germany in the 1930's , Steinberg was forced to restrict his activities to the Jewish community .
because of the political upheaval in germany in the 1930's , steinberg was forced to [limit] his activities to the jewish community .

And the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity .
and the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit [limit] the development of freedom and opportunity .

Here we shall restrict discussion to those methods that appear sufficiently sensitive and precise for determining the concentration of TSH in blood .
here we shall [limit] discussion to those methods that appear sufficiently sensitive and precise for determining the concentration of tsh in blood .

These examples are illustrative of the use of the words `` trial '' and `` experiment '' as they are used in this chapter , but they are quite flexible words and it is well not to restrict them too narrowly .
these examples are illustrative of the use of the words `` trial '' and `` experiment '' as they are used in this chapter , but they are quite flexible words and it is well not to [limit] them too narrowly .

for the mice , we restrict attention to litters of eight ( Af ) ; ;
for the mice , we [limit] attention to litters of eight ( af ) ; ;

The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate .
the single union which faces the industry does not [limit] its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate .

The use of `` secco '' we tried to restrict to covering joints .
the use of `` secco '' we tried to [limit] to covering joints .

The Greens will restrict traffic and discourage the use of cars in towns .
the greens will [limit] traffic and discourage the use of cars in towns .

Dentists have voted to restrict National Health Service treatment in a row over fees , it could see patients turned away .
dentists have voted to [limit] national health service treatment in a row over fees , it could see patients turned away .

Now a Private Members Bill to restrict the granting of bail will become law .
now a private members bill to [limit] the granting of bail will become law .

Now the council is planning to put a bill through parliament to allow them to restrict winter grazing .
now the council is planning to put a bill through parliament to allow them to [limit] winter grazing .

Recently the fishermen warned agency bosses that they were prepared to fight any moves which would restrict their 300-year-old rights to free access to the port .
recently the fishermen warned agency bosses that they were prepared to fight any moves which would [limit] their 300-year-old rights to free access to the port .

It is argued that the measures would restrict training and job opportunities .
it is argued that the measures would [limit] training and job opportunities .

Section 16 ( 1 ) in the unamended form applicable at the relevant time stated : ‘ Where a term of a contract purports to exclude or restrict liability for breach of duty arising in the course of any business or from the occupation of any premises used for business premises of the occupier that term … ( b ) shall … have no effect if it was not fair and reasonable to incorporate the term in the contract .
section 16 ( 1 ) in the unamended form applicable at the relevant time stated : ‘ where a term of a contract purports to exclude or [limit] liability for breach of duty arising in the course of any business or from the occupation of any premises used for business premises of the occupier that term … ( b ) shall … have no effect if it was not fair and reasonable to incorporate the term in the contract .

‘ They institutionalise high cost structures and production patterns , they restrict flexibility and they constrain the innovative and enterprising producer .
‘ they institutionalise high cost structures and production patterns , they [limit] flexibility and they constrain the innovative and enterprising producer .

Call to restrict routes for hazardous cargo
call to [limit] routes for hazardous cargo

In addition , the Chancellor plans to restrict the married couple 's allowance to the new low rate .
in addition , the chancellor plans to [limit] the married couple 's allowance to the new low rate .

It follows that a decision to restrict earnings in order to boost dividends is likely to lead to lower tax-approved maximum benefits .
it follows that a decision to [limit] earnings in order to boost dividends is likely to lead to lower tax-approved maximum benefits .

It may well be a mistake for a director to restrict earnings in favour of dividends , however , if he thinks he might want to retire within 13 years .
it may well be a mistake for a director to [limit] earnings in favour of dividends , however , if he thinks he might want to retire within 13 years .

Similarly , if a director is thinking of selling the company in the near future , but continuing in the same employment thereafter , it might be better not to to restrict salary .
similarly , if a director is thinking of selling the company in the near future , but continuing in the same employment thereafter , it might be better not to to [limit] salary .

One surprise measure in the Budget was the freeze on the ‘ earnings cap ’ which was introduced in the 1989 Budget to restrict the amount of salary that could be used for pension contributions for high earners .
one surprise measure in the budget was the freeze on the ‘ earnings cap ’ which was introduced in the 1989 budget to [limit] the amount of salary that could be used for pension contributions for high earners .

Raw-material prices reflected concern about Russia , with platinum jumping almost $ 6 to $ 356 an ounce after a statement by the official Russian export agency threatening to restrict exports because of recent weak demand .
raw-material prices reflected concern about russia , with platinum jumping almost $ 6 to $ 356 an ounce after a statement by the official russian export agency threatening to [limit] exports because of recent weak demand .

Among the principal reasons for refusal was that extra vehicles would ‘ restrict the free flow of traffic in Hollyhurst Road . ’
among the principal reasons for refusal was that extra vehicles would ‘ [limit] the free flow of traffic in hollyhurst road . ’

Investigators questioned a hundred people who walked their dogs in the area , where there are no enforceable controls to restrict dog fouling .
investigators questioned a hundred people who walked their dogs in the area , where there are no enforceable controls to [limit] dog fouling .

The Government refuses to publish reports showing whether the tobacco industry is keeping to the voluntary agreements that restrict tobacco advertising near schools .
the government refuses to publish reports showing whether the tobacco industry is keeping to the voluntary agreements that [limit] tobacco advertising near schools .

Barnett himself hit 61 after Devon Malcolm and Dominic Cork combined to restrict Northants to 210 all out .
barnett himself hit 61 after devon malcolm and dominic cork combined to [limit] northants to 210 all out .

It advises checking with the industry 's own early warning system and taking precautions to restrict access to lanes which may be attractive to travellers .
it advises checking with the industry 's own early warning system and taking precautions to [limit] access to lanes which may be attractive to travellers .

It would restrict promotion prospects and seriously endanger young children 's education , with ‘ potentially disastrous consequences ’ throughout the whole educational process and the country .
it would [limit] promotion prospects and seriously endanger young children 's education , with ‘ potentially disastrous consequences ’ throughout the whole educational process and the country .

Any number of levels is possible but , in what follows , we shall restrict discussion to such two-level hierarchies .
any number of levels is possible but , in what follows , we shall [limit] discussion to such two-level hierarchies .

This will restrict the readership considerably , and this is a shame , for it is , and will remain for decades , the main book on the subject .
this will [limit] the readership considerably , and this is a shame , for it is , and will remain for decades , the main book on the subject .

Newtown off-spinner Keith Harding set up his side 's victory over Acton Reynald in Division Two , grabbing 7–41 in 22 overs to restrict the visitors to 91–9 in a game interrupted by rain .
newtown off-spinner keith harding set up his side 's victory over acton reynald in division two , grabbing 7–41 in 22 overs to [limit] the visitors to 91–9 in a game interrupted by rain .

‘ We should confine ourselves to maintaining safety and not restrict people 's freedom of expression , ’ he said .
‘ we should confine ourselves to maintaining safety and not [limit] people 's freedom of expression , ’ he said .

While Merseyside did well to restrict the opposition to 22 at Smethwick , the Midlanders were too strong for our local bowlers and an overall deficit of 53 shots speaks for itself .
while merseyside did well to [limit] the opposition to 22 at smethwick , the midlanders were too strong for our local bowlers and an overall deficit of 53 shots speaks for itself .

The Office of Fair Trading is investigating claims that the big tour-operators and their chain of travel agents are using their muscle to restrict customer choice and tighten their grip on the market .
the office of fair trading is investigating claims that the big tour-operators and their chain of travel agents are using their muscle to [limit] customer choice and tighten their grip on the market .

Not only does it restrict my life .
not only does it [limit] my life .

The Office of Fair Trading is investigating claims that the big tour-operators and their chain of travel agents are using their muscle to restrict customer choice and tighten their grip on the market .
the office of fair trading is investigating claims that the big tour-operators and their chain of travel agents are using their muscle to [limit] customer choice and tighten their grip on the market .

Groningen paved the way for many other cities in Holland to become cycle friendly , and a second phase to the plan , which will further restrict traffic in the city centre , has just started .
groningen paved the way for many other cities in holland to become cycle friendly , and a second phase to the plan , which will further [limit] traffic in the city centre , has just started .

Each player is separated from his or her partner by a tall screen placed diagonally across the table to restrict their communication .
each player is separated from his or her partner by a tall screen placed diagonally across the table to [limit] their communication .

Many Left-wingers are angry at Chancellor Kohl for his plan to restrict the right to political asylum enshrined in Germany 's constitution .
many left-wingers are angry at chancellor kohl for his plan to [limit] the right to political asylum enshrined in germany 's constitution .

Customers in search of lounge furniture need not restrict their purchases to the conventional combination of settee and two armchairs .
customers in search of lounge furniture need not [limit] their purchases to the conventional combination of settee and two armchairs .

Quantitative limits were also thought to restrict competition as they hampered efficient banks who were in a position to create new deposits .
quantitative limits were also thought to [limit] competition as they hampered efficient banks who were in a position to create new deposits .

Social security ministers are to face strong pressure to review community care regulations which will restrict benefits to elderly people in residential care .
social security ministers are to face strong pressure to review community care regulations which will [limit] benefits to elderly people in residential care .

In nature they are found living singly , in pairs , or in small groups depending on the size of the host and are happy in the aquarium whichever of these alternatives you adopt , although it is wise when keeping a number together to restrict these to one species , as most clownfish species are mutually intolerant of other species of their family and will not share living space or an anemone host .
in nature they are found living singly , in pairs , or in small groups depending on the size of the host and are happy in the aquarium whichever of these alternatives you adopt , although it is wise when keeping a number together to [limit] these to one species , as most clownfish species are mutually intolerant of other species of their family and will not share living space or an anemone host .

Although the new copyright act does not mention samplers , it does in general restrict the unlicensed recording of any recognisable piece of copyright music and sound recording .
although the new copyright act does not mention samplers , it does in general [limit] the unlicensed recording of any recognisable piece of copyright music and sound recording .

If you want large heads , restrict the number of shoots per plant to three .
if you want large heads , [limit] the number of shoots per plant to three .

Restrict a person to any one food and — even if that food is chocolate — they will almost certainly shed weight .
[limit] a person to any one food and — even if that food is chocolate — they will almost certainly shed weight .

Farr-Jones , a Wallaby since 1984 and a new father this year , said he will restrict his rugby to club level with Sydney University next season but may return in 1993 .
farr-jones , a wallaby since 1984 and a new father this year , said he will [limit] his rugby to club level with sydney university next season but may return in 1993 .

When Gertrude Jekyll and Edwin Lutyens met in the spring of 1889 , she was an eccentric spinster of forty-five , whose myopic eyesight was beginning to restrict her many talents , and in particular her outstanding work in garden design .
when gertrude jekyll and edwin lutyens met in the spring of 1889 , she was an eccentric spinster of forty-five , whose myopic eyesight was beginning to [limit] her many talents , and in particular her outstanding work in garden design .

The grammar of the language can be used to restrict word combinations because they do not combine arbitrarily to form sentences .
the grammar of the language can be used to [limit] word combinations because they do not combine arbitrarily to form sentences .

In this situation , any information , even vague or partial , is better than nothing , and is in fact useful to restrict any lexicon search .
in this situation , any information , even vague or partial , is better than nothing , and is in fact useful to [limit] any lexicon search .

The ducks that lived on the island in that lake did n't restrict their activities to the park .
the ducks that lived on the island in that lake did n't [limit] their activities to the park .

But if you restrict the movement too firmly the bird will feel uncomfortable .
but if you [limit] the movement too firmly the bird will feel uncomfortable .

Restrict the number of fellow drivers and watch their ages .
[limit] the number of fellow drivers and watch their ages .

For instance , if support staff can be recruited locally in the new site , firms may restrict eligibility for relocation assistance to senior employees or to those with specialist skills who could not easily be replaced .
for instance , if support staff can be recruited locally in the new site , firms may [limit] eligibility for relocation assistance to senior employees or to those with specialist skills who could not easily be replaced .

Certain religions may prohibit particular types of food , alcoholic drink or restrict dress .
certain religions may prohibit particular types of food , alcoholic drink or [limit] dress .

The peace movement can not ignore international law , not merely because many existing provisions tend to provide legal support for the claim that the use of nuclear weapons would be illegal , but also because , in theory at least , it provides the means by which states can bind themselves to restrict the manufacture , storage and use of such weapons ( non-proliferation treaties and regional nuclear-free zones are examples of this ) .
the peace movement can not ignore international law , not merely because many existing provisions tend to provide legal support for the claim that the use of nuclear weapons would be illegal , but also because , in theory at least , it provides the means by which states can bind themselves to [limit] the manufacture , storage and use of such weapons ( non-proliferation treaties and regional nuclear-free zones are examples of this ) .

Municipal legal systems uniformly restrict the use of force , very markedly so in the case of the ordinary citizen , while the occurrence of riots and other manifestations of violence are taken as serious breakdowns of law .
municipal legal systems uniformly [limit] the use of force , very markedly so in the case of the ordinary citizen , while the occurrence of riots and other manifestations of violence are taken as serious breakdowns of law .

This may be seen as a move to make international law into proper law , or at least international law with one of its essential purposes , the control of force , and , of course , there have long been laws to restrict the type and degree of force used even in legitimate war , and some restrictions on the very legality of wars , for instance when they are in contravention of treaties .
this may be seen as a move to make international law into proper law , or at least international law with one of its essential purposes , the control of force , and , of course , there have long been laws to [limit] the type and degree of force used even in legitimate war , and some restrictions on the very legality of wars , for instance when they are in contravention of treaties .

Third , the so-called ‘ welfare state ’ has so far appeared unable to remedy any but the grossest forms of economic and social deprivation or effectively to restrict the range of wider socio-economic inequalities , in spite of the fiscal burden imposed on the population and the productive system as a whole .
third , the so-called ‘ welfare state ’ has so far appeared unable to remedy any but the grossest forms of economic and social deprivation or effectively to [limit] the range of wider socio-economic inequalities , in spite of the fiscal burden imposed on the population and the productive system as a whole .

The main thrust of the Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949 is to restrict the blocking power of the House of Lords of a Public Bill passed by the Commons .
the main thrust of the parliament acts 1911 and 1949 is to [limit] the blocking power of the house of lords of a public bill passed by the commons .

Most importantly , a different view was taken on measures to restrict the speed of motorised traffic .
most importantly , a different view was taken on measures to [limit] the speed of motorised traffic .

These first two interpretations of the relationship between subject membership and pedagogical preference suggest that weakness in out-of-subject duties may well be caused not simply by unfamiliarity with content but by deep-seated divisions within secondary teaching as a whole brought about by strongly institutionalized systems of subject separation which inhibit the development of transferable pedagogic skills , restrict teachers ' adaptability and responsiveness to educational challenge and innovation , and limit their commitment to children and to learning in general as against enthusiasm for particular bodies of content .
these first two interpretations of the relationship between subject membership and pedagogical preference suggest that weakness in out-of-subject duties may well be caused not simply by unfamiliarity with content but by deep-seated divisions within secondary teaching as a whole brought about by strongly institutionalized systems of subject separation which inhibit the development of transferable pedagogic skills , [limit] teachers ' adaptability and responsiveness to educational challenge and innovation , and limit their commitment to children and to learning in general as against enthusiasm for particular bodies of content .

Others restrict their membership to worshippers of a particular god .
others [limit] their membership to worshippers of a particular god .

Midwinter does not restrict his discussion of domestic help to private householders .
midwinter does not [limit] his discussion of domestic help to private householders .

In fact , all that is required is that , when calculating θ as above , we restrict case ( b ) to feasible forward variables .
in fact , all that is required is that , when calculating θ as above , we [limit] case ( b ) to feasible forward variables .

It is essential when implementing new , untried practice to proceed with caution . However , having had the benefit of the pilot study , it was possible to identify specific areas that restrict my practice and so limit my effectiveness :
it is essential when implementing new , untried practice to proceed with caution . however , having had the benefit of the pilot study , it was possible to identify specific areas that [limit] my practice and so limit my effectiveness :

In all these countries there have been major debates about what policy to adopt in order to restrict the arrival of such people .
in all these countries there have been major debates about what policy to adopt in order to [limit] the arrival of such people .

It aimed to extend the scale of human social , political and cultural units : to unify and expand rather than to restrict and separate .
it aimed to extend the scale of human social , political and cultural units : to unify and expand rather than to [limit] and separate .

In Tanzania , the Government had control of most of the media and claimed to exercise this control on behalf of the workers and peasants in order to enhance their freedom rather than to restrict it .
in tanzania , the government had control of most of the media and claimed to exercise this control on behalf of the workers and peasants in order to enhance their freedom rather than to [limit] it .

In the case of other loss or damage , a person can not so exclude or restrict his liability for negligence except in so far as the term or notice satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
in the case of other loss or damage , a person can not so exclude or [limit] his liability for negligence except in so far as the term or notice satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

Where a contract term or notice purports to exclude or restrict liability for negligence a person 's agreement to or awareness of it is not of itself to be taken as indicating his voluntary acceptance of any risk .
where a contract term or notice purports to exclude or [limit] liability for negligence a person 's agreement to or awareness of it is not of itself to be taken as indicating his voluntary acceptance of any risk .

No attempt should be made to restrict an employee 's future place of work by inserting a restraint-of-trade clause in the contract of employment .
no attempt should be made to [limit] an employee 's future place of work by inserting a restraint-of-trade clause in the contract of employment .

Blocking your feelings will only serve to restrict the way to talk with a partner or someone else important to you .
blocking your feelings will only serve to [limit] the way to talk with a partner or someone else important to you .

Just make sure that anyone who 's training you does n't restrict what you learn by not allowing you to practise , ask questions , observe and read alone for yourself .
just make sure that anyone who 's training you does n't [limit] what you learn by not allowing you to practise , ask questions , observe and read alone for yourself .

You can get brown without burning , and restrict sun damage , if you just take a bit of care and be scrupulous about protection .
you can get brown without burning , and [limit] sun damage , if you just take a bit of care and be scrupulous about protection .

Both the alternative development possibilities suggested appear to be attractive , but you need n't restrict yourself to them alone .
both the alternative development possibilities suggested appear to be attractive , but you need n't [limit] yourself to them alone .

The company reserves the right to veto or restrict the provision of additional facilities such as juke-boxes , fruit machines , pool tables , etc. , but does not specify from whom these must be hired or demand a proportion of the takings ( this attitude is in contrast to most of the national brewery companies and does something to explain why Palatine are regarded as good employers/landlords by their licensees ) .
the company reserves the right to veto or [limit] the provision of additional facilities such as juke-boxes , fruit machines , pool tables , etc. , but does not specify from whom these must be hired or demand a proportion of the takings ( this attitude is in contrast to most of the national brewery companies and does something to explain why palatine are regarded as good employers/landlords by their licensees ) .

With only small amounts of money changing hands , a limited number of dedicated venues , and , if it were to restrict itself solely to black audiences , a finite number of punters , the black comedy scene is clearly still in its infancy .
with only small amounts of money changing hands , a limited number of dedicated venues , and , if it were to [limit] itself solely to black audiences , a finite number of punters , the black comedy scene is clearly still in its infancy .

The survey of Rutland not only covers a complete , if miniature , county , but also records the status of virtually every inhabitant in all but three townships ; although the subsidy rolls contribute useful supplementary material we will , for the present purpose , restrict ourselves to the muster book .
the survey of rutland not only covers a complete , if miniature , county , but also records the status of virtually every inhabitant in all but three townships ; although the subsidy rolls contribute useful supplementary material we will , for the present purpose , [limit] ourselves to the muster book .

The choice of this figure suggests a well-judged ploy to restrict the highest rate to the truly rich , for it is noticeable that the majority of assessments between £40 and £100 were bunched around the minimum figure .
the choice of this figure suggests a well-judged ploy to [limit] the highest rate to the truly rich , for it is noticeable that the majority of assessments between £40 and £100 were bunched around the minimum figure .

Feminists have argued that these boundaries systematically restrict our attention to the experiences and interests of men and reflect the priorities , prejudices and power structures of male-dominated society .
feminists have argued that these boundaries systematically [limit] our attention to the experiences and interests of men and reflect the priorities , prejudices and power structures of male-dominated society .

Thus , if we restrict our attention for the moment to pupils for whom a statement is made , the proportion ranges across LEAs from less than 1 per cent of the school population to nearly 3 per cent .
thus , if we [limit] our attention for the moment to pupils for whom a statement is made , the proportion ranges across leas from less than 1 per cent of the school population to nearly 3 per cent .

Unger , who adopts a fundamentally social-cognitive theory , argues that sex-specific psychological mechanisms restrict everybody 's ‘ personal growth ’ ( 1983 : ix ) .
unger , who adopts a fundamentally social-cognitive theory , argues that sex-specific psychological mechanisms [limit] everybody 's ‘ personal growth ’ ( 1983 : ix ) .

Woman-centred methods restrict feminist psychology in other ways .
woman-centred methods [limit] feminist psychology in other ways .

guidelines to liberate programme makers and not to restrict them .
guidelines to liberate programme makers and not to [limit] them .

In some instances , discounts apply to those aged 50 ; other companies restrict eligibility to those aged 55 or even 60 .
in some instances , discounts apply to those aged 50 ; other companies [limit] eligibility to those aged 55 or even 60 .

An anonymous respondent , similarly reticent about details of search firms ' names , agreed that ‘ large buys prestige in the eyes of candidates ’ , but warned that using these firms ‘ tends to restrict the choice of employer ’ from which to hunt and find candidates .
an anonymous respondent , similarly reticent about details of search firms ' names , agreed that ‘ large buys prestige in the eyes of candidates ’ , but warned that using these firms ‘ tends to [limit] the choice of employer ’ from which to hunt and find candidates .

Not only is it impractical , and possibly unethical , to restrict psychobiological studies to work on humans and great apes but it would also mean throwing out most of the work done to date , since most of that has involved the use of non-primates like cats , hamsters , and especially rats .
not only is it impractical , and possibly unethical , to [limit] psychobiological studies to work on humans and great apes but it would also mean throwing out most of the work done to date , since most of that has involved the use of non-primates like cats , hamsters , and especially rats .

This is probably acceptable so long as we restrict ourselves to a single group , like mammals , but there is some dissent when people seek to extrapolate mechanisms from non-vertebrate species , like molluscs , to the mammalian brain ( e.g .
this is probably acceptable so long as we [limit] ourselves to a single group , like mammals , but there is some dissent when people seek to extrapolate mechanisms from non-vertebrate species , like molluscs , to the mammalian brain ( e.g .

With this technique it is possible to restrict activation to a few cells and , by simultaneously monitoring single unit activity through a nearby recording electrode , establish the extent of spread of effective stimulation .
with this technique it is possible to [limit] activation to a few cells and , by simultaneously monitoring single unit activity through a nearby recording electrode , establish the extent of spread of effective stimulation .

This difference , as we have seen , is between two kinds of causal explanation , and if both can have some force , as Miller believes , it is not obvious why social scientists should restrict themselves to only one of them .
this difference , as we have seen , is between two kinds of causal explanation , and if both can have some force , as miller believes , it is not obvious why social scientists should [limit] themselves to only one of them .

Filial imprinting is known to restrict preferences to the familiar ( see Bateson , 1979 ) , and sexual imprinting could operate in exactly the same way .
filial imprinting is known to [limit] preferences to the familiar ( see bateson , 1979 ) , and sexual imprinting could operate in exactly the same way .

Just to deny her that role or restrict what she can offer the family to eat can be strongly resisted by her as she can lose her identity .
just to deny her that role or [limit] what she can offer the family to eat can be strongly resisted by her as she can lose her identity .

Ken , in the event neither fulminated nor frothed , and managed to restrict himself to a 15-minute speech in which he advanced some very cogent and well measured arguments for preventing bolting gaining the same sort of prominence it has in other countries — notably France and America .
ken , in the event neither fulminated nor frothed , and managed to [limit] himself to a 15-minute speech in which he advanced some very cogent and well measured arguments for preventing bolting gaining the same sort of prominence it has in other countries — notably france and america .

It is the set of formal conditions of possible understanding , the rules of discourse , that restrict communication and help to sustain ideological interpretations of the world ( Habermas 1987a : 189 ) .
it is the set of formal conditions of possible understanding , the rules of discourse , that [limit] communication and help to sustain ideological interpretations of the world ( habermas 1987a : 189 ) .

With machine knitting we tend to restrict it to a maximum of three stitches over three stitches because the machines are supplied with triple transfer tools .
with machine knitting we tend to [limit] it to a maximum of three stitches over three stitches because the machines are supplied with triple transfer tools .

For Spender , it makes no sense for reformists to restrict themselves to a small set of targets like generic pronouns and man .
for spender , it makes no sense for reformists to [limit] themselves to a small set of targets like generic pronouns and man .

Furthermore , firms may set themselves several targets and not simply restrict themselves to the sole target of profit maximisation .
furthermore , firms may set themselves several targets and not simply [limit] themselves to the sole target of profit maximisation .

In a further attempt to restrict the role of local authorities in housing , council house tenants were given the right to switch to an alternative landlord — either in the form of a housing association or an approved private sector landlord — in other words , they were allowed to opt out of local authority control .
in a further attempt to [limit] the role of local authorities in housing , council house tenants were given the right to switch to an alternative landlord — either in the form of a housing association or an approved private sector landlord — in other words , they were allowed to opt out of local authority control .

After setting the West Australian team a target of 168 runs for victory , Pakistan managed to restrict the home team to 166–6 in their allocated 45 overs .
after setting the west australian team a target of 168 runs for victory , pakistan managed to [limit] the home team to 166–6 in their allocated 45 overs .

And now Lord Chancellor Lord MacKay has warned that spending cuts are likely to severely restrict the amount of aid available .
and now lord chancellor lord mackay has warned that spending cuts are likely to severely [limit] the amount of aid available .

We should restrict ourselves to trying to understand , and then try to help them expand and develop what they want to say .
we should [limit] ourselves to trying to understand , and then try to help them expand and develop what they want to say .

Rent strikes secured state intervention to restrict the power of private landlords .
rent strikes secured state intervention to [limit] the power of private landlords .

Of course while you 're on the Continent , you do n't have to restrict yourself to alcohol and tobacco .
of course while you 're on the continent , you do n't have to [limit] yourself to alcohol and tobacco .

Pace pair Waqar Younis and Wasim Akram , plus leg-spinner Mushtaq Ahmed , helped restrict the West Indies to 197-9 .
pace pair waqar younis and wasim akram , plus leg-spinner mushtaq ahmed , helped [limit] the west indies to 197-9 .

The partners had already started to restrict drawings on the account , and Ms Harris and Charles Bullworthy then put up a £150,000 guarantee , supported by a second charge on their house , in order to increase the practice facility .
the partners had already started to [limit] drawings on the account , and ms harris and charles bullworthy then put up a £150,000 guarantee , supported by a second charge on their house , in order to increase the practice facility .

Its 1992 results , recently published , restrict capitalisation to three months from the date of registration , which the directors call ‘ a more prudent ’ policy .
its 1992 results , recently published , [limit] capitalisation to three months from the date of registration , which the directors call ‘ a more prudent ’ policy .

If the banks continue to restrict the availability of finance to their smaller business customers there will be a greater role for the factors to play .
if the banks continue to [limit] the availability of finance to their smaller business customers there will be a greater role for the factors to play .

Some of these reservations about juries were shared by other officials , but the local bar would have objected strenuously to attempts to abolish or restrict the jury system .
some of these reservations about juries were shared by other officials , but the local bar would have objected strenuously to attempts to abolish or [limit] the jury system .

If our Institute is unwilling to do this then it should at least campaign for legislation to restrict the use of the description ‘ accountant ’ in public practice to only qualified accountants with a practising certificate .
if our institute is unwilling to do this then it should at least campaign for legislation to [limit] the use of the description ‘ accountant ’ in public practice to only qualified accountants with a practising certificate .

This must have encouraged shoppers to restrict their high street visits to as few individual trips as possible .
this must have encouraged shoppers to [limit] their high street visits to as few individual trips as possible .

The paper also proposed that an accounting standard restrict the uses of the share premium account .
the paper also proposed that an accounting standard [limit] the uses of the share premium account .

Compression Bandaging the problem area will restrict tissue swelling and further bleeding .
compression bandaging the problem area will [limit] tissue swelling and further bleeding .

The Court thought that such rights would restrict the authorities ' discretion , and the job of circularising all shareholders with the relevant information prior to cancellation would be too expensive and difficult .
the court thought that such rights would [limit] the authorities ' discretion , and the job of circularising all shareholders with the relevant information prior to cancellation would be too expensive and difficult .

Naturally , treasurers will normally restrict their dealings to top quality financial institutions .
naturally , treasurers will normally [limit] their dealings to top quality financial institutions .

The rationale behind this was our conviction that , first , it would be consistent with the public and professional interest to extend the membership criteria to allow specialist work and , second , that it would be unrealistic , not to say unhelpful , to restrict the training of chartered accountants rigidly to a single route .
the rationale behind this was our conviction that , first , it would be consistent with the public and professional interest to extend the membership criteria to allow specialist work and , second , that it would be unrealistic , not to say unhelpful , to [limit] the training of chartered accountants rigidly to a single route .

Residents have been tied to chairs and beds , made to sit in restraining chairs , zipped into cocoon sleeping bags or put into high cot-sided beds which restrict night movement .
residents have been tied to chairs and beds , made to sit in restraining chairs , zipped into cocoon sleeping bags or put into high cot-sided beds which [limit] night movement .

The received wisdoms that to restrict the use of secure accommodation we should concentrate on refining the relative legislative criteria must be challenged .
the received wisdoms that to [limit] the use of secure accommodation we should concentrate on refining the relative legislative criteria must be challenged .

She added that any attempt to restrict the availability of parents could have a detrimental effect on children .
she added that any attempt to [limit] the availability of parents could have a detrimental effect on children .

Many believe it would be political suicide to restrict criteria for unemployment benefit in a time of recession and high unemployment , and income support is already so low that there seems little scope for cuts there .
many believe it would be political suicide to [limit] criteria for unemployment benefit in a time of recession and high unemployment , and income support is already so low that there seems little scope for cuts there .

They restrict opportunities for choice , experiment and innovation , which are as much needed in education as in any other field .
they [limit] opportunities for choice , experiment and innovation , which are as much needed in education as in any other field .

Against the protests of many of their salesmen , then , the Central Authority and Area Boards gave in to government pressure to restrict promotional advertising and hire purchase schemes in order to curtail the over-rapid growth of demand .
against the protests of many of their salesmen , then , the central authority and area boards gave in to government pressure to [limit] promotional advertising and hire purchase schemes in order to curtail the over-rapid growth of demand .

They were doing their best to restrict peak growth , but neither the Central Authority nor the Government , they argued , should attempt , for short-term reasons , to blunt the commercial edge of the industry .
they were doing their best to [limit] peak growth , but neither the central authority nor the government , they argued , should attempt , for short-term reasons , to blunt the commercial edge of the industry .

At first the Americans tried to restrict news of their involvement in Vietnam .
at first the americans tried to [limit] news of their involvement in vietnam .

Protesters cut off the German parliament in the ( vain ) hope of stopping deputies from voting on a bill to restrict immigration into Germany .
protesters cut off the german parliament in the ( vain ) hope of stopping deputies from voting on a bill to [limit] immigration into germany .

As we have pointed out , there is no need to restrict your weaving to the solid fabrics , lovely as they are .
as we have pointed out , there is no need to [limit] your weaving to the solid fabrics , lovely as they are .

Tempers flared as gallery staff were forced to restrict entry in order to protect the works of art .
tempers flared as gallery staff were forced to [limit] entry in order to protect the works of art .

Otherwise , it 's sensible to restrict the use of double-glazing to rooms such as living rooms and bathrooms where the benefits are of most use .
otherwise , it 's sensible to [limit] the use of double-glazing to rooms such as living rooms and bathrooms where the benefits are of most use .

If teachers can not be trusted to organise schools in the interests of their pupils , should not the state restrict their autonomy ?
if teachers can not be trusted to organise schools in the interests of their pupils , should not the state [limit] their autonomy ?

Having the responsibility vested in them to provide education for the children in their areas , they were faced with two problems : teachers ' action and withdrawal of goodwill and a central Government elected with the mandate to restrict public spending .
having the responsibility vested in them to provide education for the children in their areas , they were faced with two problems : teachers ' action and withdrawal of goodwill and a central government elected with the mandate to [limit] public spending .

Indeed any attempt to relate them prematurely to reality may restrict the development of the model .
indeed any attempt to relate them prematurely to reality may [limit] the development of the model .

They restrict the extent to which human action can be understood , substituting explanations based on a plastic model of the individual and a narrow and amorphous model of social relations and structure .
they [limit] the extent to which human action can be understood , substituting explanations based on a plastic model of the individual and a narrow and amorphous model of social relations and structure .

An important stated purpose of the Act was to give a legal framework for credit which was compatible with present-day commercial realities , and flexible enough to suit rather than restrict future developments in the credit industry — instead of the old framework , inflexibly moulded to outdated patterns of credit use .
an important stated purpose of the act was to give a legal framework for credit which was compatible with present-day commercial realities , and flexible enough to suit rather than [limit] future developments in the credit industry — instead of the old framework , inflexibly moulded to outdated patterns of credit use .

This is achieved by the use of lockshield valves which can restrict flow through the most favoured radiators .
this is achieved by the use of lockshield valves which can [limit] flow through the most favoured radiators .

Many will restrict themselves to such magazines and periodicals in which their chosen authors made significant appearances .
many will [limit] themselves to such magazines and periodicals in which their chosen authors made significant appearances .

Marxists try to answer another question : how have the dominant classes or fractions in capitalist societies managed to enforce sufficient control to restrict class consciousness to ‘ safe ’ levels ?
marxists try to answer another question : how have the dominant classes or fractions in capitalist societies managed to enforce sufficient control to [limit] class consciousness to ‘ safe ’ levels ?

The Act also sought to restrict the extent to which a woman 's prior sexual history could be used as admissible evidence in court , thus indirectly affecting the material available to the press to publish .
the act also sought to [limit] the extent to which a woman 's prior sexual history could be used as admissible evidence in court , thus indirectly affecting the material available to the press to publish .

If we restrict the focus to the same five newspapers — The Mirror , The Times , News of the World , Sunday People and the London Evening Standard — and for the years 1971 and 1978 include the Sun , we see what appears to be a steady proportion of one-quarter of this growing number of trials reported , except for a temporary surge in 1978 to two-fifths .
if we [limit] the focus to the same five newspapers — the mirror , the times , news of the world , sunday people and the london evening standard — and for the years 1971 and 1978 include the sun , we see what appears to be a steady proportion of one-quarter of this growing number of trials reported , except for a temporary surge in 1978 to two-fifths .

Thongsouk Saysangkhi wrote in his letter that was opposed to ‘ putrid old regimes that restrict popular liberties and democracy ’ and ‘ the dictatorial power of personal cliques ’ .
thongsouk saysangkhi wrote in his letter that was opposed to ‘ putrid old regimes that [limit] popular liberties and democracy ’ and ‘ the dictatorial power of personal cliques ’ .

This will restrict the possibility of damage being caused in your absence .
this will [limit] the possibility of damage being caused in your absence .

Easements for both gas and water mains may restrict development for a 4 — to 10 -metre swathe through a site , depending on the size and pressure of mains , and both are very expensive or impossible to divert .
easements for both gas and water mains may [limit] development for a 4 — to 10 -metre swathe through a site , depending on the size and pressure of mains , and both are very expensive or impossible to divert .

Easements for large water mains and high pressure gas mains will restrict the use of the land within a defined distance of up to 3 metres from the main .
easements for large water mains and high pressure gas mains will [limit] the use of the land within a defined distance of up to 3 metres from the main .

The statement by Adam Smith that businessmen 's meetings , even for ‘ merriment and diversion ’ , usually end up in connivance to restrict competition , is often quoted , but the sentence which follows it is equally perceptive : ‘ It is impossible indeed to prevent such meetings , by any law which either could be executed , or would be consistent with liberty and justice .
the statement by adam smith that businessmen 's meetings , even for ‘ merriment and diversion ’ , usually end up in connivance to [limit] competition , is often quoted , but the sentence which follows it is equally perceptive : ‘ it is impossible indeed to prevent such meetings , by any law which either could be executed , or would be consistent with liberty and justice .

There are many factors which can restrict the choice and ordering of themes in translation .
there are many factors which can [limit] the choice and ordering of themes in translation .

Restrictions on space and the need to avoid giving an overt explanation of reported events which risks the danger of legal suits and liability further restrict the use of conjunctions , particularly causal conjunctions , in journalism .
restrictions on space and the need to avoid giving an overt explanation of reported events which risks the danger of legal suits and liability further [limit] the use of conjunctions , particularly causal conjunctions , in journalism .

Both the Belfast and the Philadelphia projects restrict access to members of the research group or scholars who are temporarily affiliated for the purpose of carrying out a specified piece of work .
both the belfast and the philadelphia projects [limit] access to members of the research group or scholars who are temporarily affiliated for the purpose of carrying out a specified piece of work .

Left-wing critics allege that civil servants restrict or delay the availability of information to ministers if it does not fit easily with departmental views .
left-wing critics allege that civil servants [limit] or delay the availability of information to ministers if it does not fit easily with departmental views .

This has its merits and has been the practice in Sweden , but it is of value only if the central government departments then restrict themselves purely to planning , thinking and regulating .
this has its merits and has been the practice in sweden , but it is of value only if the central government departments then [limit] themselves purely to planning , thinking and regulating .

There is a concern not merely to restrict local spending but also to reduce , where possible , the functions of local authorities .
there is a concern not merely to [limit] local spending but also to reduce , where possible , the functions of local authorities .

The Education Bill of 1987 is the first ever piece of legislation to restrict the powers of local education authorities .
the education bill of 1987 is the first ever piece of legislation to [limit] the powers of local education authorities .

Professor de Smith wrote that Parliament might purport to restrict judicial review by conferring powers in subjective terms , the public authority being entitled to act when it ‘ is satisfied ’ or when ‘ it appears ’ to it that , or when ‘ in its opinion ’ , a prescribed state of affairs exists .
professor de smith wrote that parliament might purport to [limit] judicial review by conferring powers in subjective terms , the public authority being entitled to act when it ‘ is satisfied ’ or when ‘ it appears ’ to it that , or when ‘ in its opinion ’ , a prescribed state of affairs exists .

The whole tenor of planning policy has been to restrict the presence of industry in the countryside and to preserve it as a largely pastoral backwater .
the whole tenor of planning policy has been to [limit] the presence of industry in the countryside and to preserve it as a largely pastoral backwater .

Since non-acceptance on the basis of length of residence is one of the few ways in which local workers can retain any of their old status in the village , they restrict their social contacts to those who share these judgements with them .
since non-acceptance on the basis of length of residence is one of the few ways in which local workers can retain any of their old status in the village , they [limit] their social contacts to those who share these judgements with them .

Because of their beauty such villages are also more subject to draconian planning policies which may prevent any new development at all or restrict it to only the limited in-filling of low-density private housing .
because of their beauty such villages are also more subject to draconian planning policies which may prevent any new development at all or [limit] it to only the limited in-filling of low-density private housing .

Of particular importance are providers of debt finance , who through powers contained in loan agreement covenants may prevent the directors from disposing of particular assets , for example , or restrict their ability to raise further debt or to pay dividends .
of particular importance are providers of debt finance , who through powers contained in loan agreement covenants may prevent the directors from disposing of particular assets , for example , or [limit] their ability to raise further debt or to pay dividends .

Apart from the formal accomplishments of law , accountancy and financial management , these skills restrict themselves to formalized consumer analysis , market survey technique , matrixes and learning curves .
apart from the formal accomplishments of law , accountancy and financial management , these skills [limit] themselves to formalized consumer analysis , market survey technique , matrixes and learning curves .

Moscovici 's defence refers to the destructive power of operational definitions to restrict intellectual advance .
moscovici 's defence refers to the destructive power of operational definitions to [limit] intellectual advance .

Yet the next sentence which ostensibly continues the argument re-introduces a familiar theme under the guise of the critique : ‘ After all , at least antisemites restrict their hatred to one group of people representing a small , if powerful , minority of the world 's population ’ , while Ms Dworkin ‘ spits hatred at half the entire human species !
yet the next sentence which ostensibly continues the argument re-introduces a familiar theme under the guise of the critique : ‘ after all , at least antisemites [limit] their hatred to one group of people representing a small , if powerful , minority of the world 's population ’ , while ms dworkin ‘ spits hatred at half the entire human species !

Acts of Parliament , designed to restrict the immigration of non-whites , are phrased in such a way that race is never mentioned .
acts of parliament , designed to [limit] the immigration of non-whites , are phrased in such a way that race is never mentioned .

Will later courts broaden the scope of the ratio decidendi when they interpret the case , or will they restrict it and narrow it down , confining it to the particular factual situation of the original case ?
will later courts broaden the scope of the ratio decidendi when they interpret the case , or will they [limit] it and narrow it down , confining it to the particular factual situation of the original case ?

The private company was the favoured form of enterprise where the membership of the company was to remain small , and there was a wish to restrict the transferability of share , e.g .
the private company was the favoured form of enterprise where the membership of the company was to remain small , and there was a wish to [limit] the transferability of share , e.g .

Covenants also appear in leases where the person letting the property includes terms in the lease which restrict the person renting the property as to the use he or she can make of the property , e.g .
covenants also appear in leases where the person letting the property includes terms in the lease which [limit] the person renting the property as to the use he or she can make of the property , e.g .

We are concerned with two forms of covenant : restrictive covenants , which may affect the use to which freeholders may put their land ; and covenants contained in a lease , which restrict the position of tenants .
we are concerned with two forms of covenant : restrictive covenants , which may affect the use to which freeholders may put their land ; and covenants contained in a lease , which [limit] the position of tenants .

An occupier of premises owes the same duty , the ‘ common duty of care ’ , to all his visitors , except insofar as he is free to and does extend , restrict , modify or exclude his duty to any visitor or visitors by agreement or otherwise .
an occupier of premises owes the same duty , the ‘ common duty of care ’ , to all his visitors , except insofar as he is free to and does extend , [limit] , modify or exclude his duty to any visitor or visitors by agreement or otherwise .

Where a contract term or notice purports to exclude or restrict liability for negligence a person 's agreement to or awareness of it is not of itself to be taken as indicating his voluntary acceptance of any risk .
where a contract term or notice purports to exclude or [limit] liability for negligence a person 's agreement to or awareness of it is not of itself to be taken as indicating his voluntary acceptance of any risk .

If we restrict our attention to broad employment trends — the growth of employment in the service industries , the increase in white-collar occupations and the rise of professional workers — then Britain , too , has a majority of its labour force in service employment .
if we [limit] our attention to broad employment trends — the growth of employment in the service industries , the increase in white-collar occupations and the rise of professional workers — then britain , too , has a majority of its labour force in service employment .

make a prototype ) , but would rather restrict the ideas to the realm of mental gymnastics .
make a prototype ) , but would rather [limit] the ideas to the realm of mental gymnastics .

Learning how to categorize cases for the purpose of decision-making in pollution control may , however , be a lengthy process , since the solitude of the job and the absence of any formal training restrict the field officer 's access to the agency 's fund of knowledge about different types of case .
learning how to categorize cases for the purpose of decision-making in pollution control may , however , be a lengthy process , since the solitude of the job and the absence of any formal training [limit] the field officer 's access to the agency 's fund of knowledge about different types of case .

Attempts to further the degree of contact between field and headquarters staff through more extensive reporting , and efforts to make their job more ‘ scientific ’ in their view merely restrict their occupational freedom .
attempts to further the degree of contact between field and headquarters staff through more extensive reporting , and efforts to make their job more ‘ scientific ’ in their view merely [limit] their occupational freedom .

It does not seem illuminating to say either that thin is ambiguous , or that these contexts restrict its meaning in mutually exclusive ways .
it does not seem illuminating to say either that thin is ambiguous , or that these contexts [limit] its meaning in mutually exclusive ways .

For reasons which will become apparent in due course , it is necessary to restrict the type of sentence used in the definition .
for reasons which will become apparent in due course , it is necessary to [limit] the type of sentence used in the definition .

This is to allow the nearer ones to write by In-filling — over the previously drawn further ones , or by the construction of silhouettes that restrict the construction of ones further from the drawn front facets .
this is to allow the nearer ones to write by in-filling — over the previously drawn further ones , or by the construction of silhouettes that [limit] the construction of ones further from the drawn front facets .

Father said `` We 'll restrict ourselves to speech and writing .
father said `` we 'll [limit] ourselves to speech and writing .

More would be cumbersome and you are probably wise to restrict library study to one topic at a time .
more would be cumbersome and you are probably wise to [limit] library study to one topic at a time .

Another equally undesirable solution is to restrict the food supply to the whole population , punishing lean and obese people alike .
another equally undesirable solution is to [limit] the food supply to the whole population , punishing lean and obese people alike .

Monitors now tend to be more expensive and restrict you to video playback only .
monitors now tend to be more expensive and [limit] you to video playback only .

With a four-inch diameter pipe , you would have to restrict the water flow considerably to draw air down the venturi pipe , which would defeat the object of having the wide bore pipe in the first place : that is , to transfer a large volume of water with the minimum disturbance .
with a four-inch diameter pipe , you would have to [limit] the water flow considerably to draw air down the venturi pipe , which would defeat the object of having the wide bore pipe in the first place : that is , to transfer a large volume of water with the minimum disturbance .

Occupational groups often use their power to restrict access to their positions , so creating a high demand for their services and increasing the rewards they receive .
occupational groups often use their power to [limit] access to their positions , so creating a high demand for their services and increasing the rewards they receive .

In this way the self-interested use of power can restrict the recruitment of talented individuals to highly rewarded positions .
in this way the self-interested use of power can [limit] the recruitment of talented individuals to highly rewarded positions .

Both groups have an interest in maintaining the capitalist system , but the professional-managerial class have an interest in maximizing its own independence or autonomy ; the ruling class , on the other hand , try to restrict it as far as possible .
both groups have an interest in maintaining the capitalist system , but the professional-managerial class have an interest in maximizing its own independence or autonomy ; the ruling class , on the other hand , try to [limit] it as far as possible .

In what ways did the Persian Empire restrict the freedom of its subjects ? The two most obvious and irksome are subjection to satraps and extortion of tribute , including personal military service .
in what ways did the persian empire [limit] the freedom of its subjects ? the two most obvious and irksome are subjection to satraps and extortion of tribute , including personal military service .

Its policy was to restrict public expenditure in fields such as housing and to extend home ownership for council house tenants with their Right-to-Buy legislation in the Housing Act 1980 .
its policy was to [limit] public expenditure in fields such as housing and to extend home ownership for council house tenants with their right-to-buy legislation in the housing act 1980 .

Occasionally , housing policies in local areas have attempted to restrict the sale of houses to local inhabitants .
occasionally , housing policies in local areas have attempted to [limit] the sale of houses to local inhabitants .

In the Lake District National Park , an experiment was conducted after 1974 to attempt to restrict second homes purchases of new houses ( Clark 1982a , 1982b ) .
in the lake district national park , an experiment was conducted after 1974 to attempt to [limit] second homes purchases of new houses ( clark 1982a , 1982b ) .

The policy was to restrict planning permissions for new house building to about 70 dwellings per annum .
the policy was to [limit] planning permissions for new house building to about 70 dwellings per annum .

On the other hand , if they restrict development , this may force up house prices and exclude lower-income local inhabitants anyway .
on the other hand , if they [limit] development , this may force up house prices and exclude lower-income local inhabitants anyway .

Witness for example the common front of workers and employers in the textile industry in Britain in 1980/81 calling for import controls , which , although they may be justified , would raise the price and restrict the choice of clothing for other workers .
witness for example the common front of workers and employers in the textile industry in britain in 1980/81 calling for import controls , which , although they may be justified , would raise the price and [limit] the choice of clothing for other workers .

Given the rapid expansion of demand for managerial , technical , professional and administrative labour , it was quite impossible to restrict recruitment to the offspring of the existing middle classes .
given the rapid expansion of demand for managerial , technical , professional and administrative labour , it was quite impossible to [limit] recruitment to the offspring of the existing middle classes .

One of the effects of this reflation was a huge surge in imports and a record trade deficit , but it did also restrict the growth of unemployment .
one of the effects of this reflation was a huge surge in imports and a record trade deficit , but it did also [limit] the growth of unemployment .

Steps were taken to restrict the autonomy of the zemstvos , to discipline the universities , to intensify censorship .
steps were taken to [limit] the autonomy of the zemstvos , to discipline the universities , to intensify censorship .

If punishment is to be inflicted , it is surely better that the punishment should directly benefit the victim or society than that it should merely hurt or restrict the offender .
if punishment is to be inflicted , it is surely better that the punishment should directly benefit the victim or society than that it should merely hurt or [limit] the offender .

Whether a particular occurrence amounts to an act of God is a question of fact , but the tendency of the courts nowadays is to restrict the ambit of the defence , not because strict liability is thought to be desirable but because increased knowledge limits the unpredictable .
whether a particular occurrence amounts to an act of god is a question of fact , but the tendency of the courts nowadays is to [limit] the ambit of the defence , not because strict liability is thought to be desirable but because increased knowledge limits the unpredictable .

The complex provisions of section 17 of the Employment Act 1980 restrict the scope of the section 13 immunity for secondary action .
the complex provisions of section 17 of the employment act 1980 [limit] the scope of the section 13 immunity for secondary action .

Many general practitioners feared that non-fundholders would be forced to restrict their referrals to hospitals with which their district health authority had contracts , which might inhibit their freedom to refer outside the boundaries of their local district .
many general practitioners feared that non-fundholders would be forced to [limit] their referrals to hospitals with which their district health authority had contracts , which might inhibit their freedom to refer outside the boundaries of their local district .

In other words , they may have seen it as a means of safeguarding their referral patterns , which might have been threatened had they been forced to restrict themselves to contracts made by district health authority purchasers .
in other words , they may have seen it as a means of safeguarding their referral patterns , which might have been threatened had they been forced to [limit] themselves to contracts made by district health authority purchasers .

Carers who do not withdraw altogether from the labour market nevertheless often have to reduce or restrict the hours they can work .
carers who do not withdraw altogether from the labour market nevertheless often have to reduce or [limit] the hours they can work .

As the perennial overspend on core and emergency services ( used by the patients of fundholders and non-fundholders alike ) leads hospitals to restrict their activities , fundholders ' patients are getting preferential access to elective surgery .
as the perennial overspend on core and emergency services ( used by the patients of fundholders and non-fundholders alike ) leads hospitals to [limit] their activities , fundholders ' patients are getting preferential access to elective surgery .

The high prevalence of resistance in our study highlights the need for policies to restrict the use of antibiotics to limit the spread of resistant strains and hence preserve the effectiveness of antibiotics in treating acne .
the high prevalence of resistance in our study highlights the need for policies to [limit] the use of antibiotics to limit the spread of resistant strains and hence preserve the effectiveness of antibiotics in treating acne .

Nowadays , however , specialists often restrict themselves not only to a particular type of find , but also to a specific archaeological period .
nowadays , however , specialists often [limit] themselves not only to a particular type of find , but also to a specific archaeological period .

It should not restrict pupils from searching in other directions .
it should not [limit] pupils from searching in other directions .

The abortion legislation of 1967 is regularly defended against attempts to restrict the relatively liberal access given to women within that Act of Parliament .
the abortion legislation of 1967 is regularly defended against attempts to [limit] the relatively liberal access given to women within that act of parliament .

Because towns and cities had grown too rapidly in the 1930s , it was decided to restrict the growth of cities and to disperse populations into new towns .
because towns and cities had grown too rapidly in the 1930s , it was decided to [limit] the growth of cities and to disperse populations into new towns .

The employment protection legislation operates to restrict the grounds on which an employer can terminate the contract of employment with impunity .
the employment protection legislation operates to [limit] the grounds on which an employer can terminate the contract of employment with impunity .

For certain classes of work ( small claims , debt cases and housing cases in the county courts ) there will be no restrictions at all on rights of audience ; the only control will be the court 's discretion to restrict the involvement of unruly or corrupt representatives .
for certain classes of work ( small claims , debt cases and housing cases in the county courts ) there will be no restrictions at all on rights of audience ; the only control will be the court 's discretion to [limit] the involvement of unruly or corrupt representatives .

But perhaps the precise reasons for its origin and the timing of its confirmation are not so important ; of greater significance is that it became a key precedent during the ensuing century for those who wished to restrict the outflow of money from the English church to the church universal and in particular to the Roman Curia ; its appeal to the interests of patrons whose intentions were thwarted or impaired by impositions on the houses so that ‘ infinite loss and disinheritance are like to ensue to the founders of the said houses and their heirs ’ was to reappear in the later statute of Provisors .
but perhaps the precise reasons for its origin and the timing of its confirmation are not so important ; of greater significance is that it became a key precedent during the ensuing century for those who wished to [limit] the outflow of money from the english church to the church universal and in particular to the roman curia ; its appeal to the interests of patrons whose intentions were thwarted or impaired by impositions on the houses so that ‘ infinite loss and disinheritance are like to ensue to the founders of the said houses and their heirs ’ was to reappear in the later statute of provisors .

Even though mammals lavish such care and attention on their young , they still have the same two options open to insects and fish , crabs and reptiles — whether to concentrate their energies on producing as many young as possible and then let them fend for themselves , or whether to restrict the numbers to very few but look after them carefully .
even though mammals lavish such care and attention on their young , they still have the same two options open to insects and fish , crabs and reptiles — whether to concentrate their energies on producing as many young as possible and then let them fend for themselves , or whether to [limit] the numbers to very few but look after them carefully .

Although each mother does her best to restrict her milk to her own young when she visits the nursery , the other babies who surround her when she arrives are so importunate that this is not easy .
although each mother does her best to [limit] her milk to her own young when she visits the nursery , the other babies who surround her when she arrives are so importunate that this is not easy .

In particular , the fact that a person ‘ knowingly concerned ’ has not himself received anything under the transaction in question does not , in my judgment , restrict the power of the court to make a section 6 ( 2 ) order against that person .
in particular , the fact that a person ‘ knowingly concerned ’ has not himself received anything under the transaction in question does not , in my judgment , [limit] the power of the court to make a section 6 ( 2 ) order against that person .

Once acquiescence has been established , it is not appropriate to restrict the court 's discretion to consideration of the degree of the acquiescence .
once acquiescence has been established , it is not appropriate to [limit] the court 's discretion to consideration of the degree of the acquiescence .

The latest move from the forces of oppression is to restrict mountain bikes to surface roads only in the New Forest ( where at least some of the riders will doubtless be subject to severe injury and death from motor vehicles ) .
the latest move from the forces of oppression is to [limit] mountain bikes to surface roads only in the new forest ( where at least some of the riders will doubtless be subject to severe injury and death from motor vehicles ) .

The set of laws given is not exhaustive ; we restrict ourselves to the laws needed to translate finite programs to normal form .
the set of laws given is not exhaustive ; we [limit] ourselves to the laws needed to translate finite programs to normal form .

We restrict the language of expressions to the comparison and boolean operations ( including see example b of this section ( , + and - .
we [limit] the language of expressions to the comparison and boolean operations ( including see example b of this section ( , + and - .

It is quite easy to restrict normal form programs to finite sets of values .
it is quite easy to [limit] normal form programs to finite sets of values .

Provided that the licensing board may , when granting a licence or an application for an extension of the permitted hours , restrict the alcoholic liquor which may be sold thereunder to wine , made-wine , porter , ale , beer , cider and perry .
provided that the licensing board may , when granting a licence or an application for an extension of the permitted hours , [limit] the alcoholic liquor which may be sold thereunder to wine , made-wine , porter , ale , beer , cider and perry .

( 2 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1 ) above shall prohibit or restrict : ( a ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor in any premises at any time within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours ; ( b ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours and was not supplied or taken away in an open vessel ; ( c ) the sale or supply to , or consumption by , any person of alcoholic liquor in any premises where he is residing ; ( d ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises by a person residing there ; ( e ) the supply of alcoholic liquor , in any premises , for consumption on those premises , to any private friends of a person residing there who are bona fide entertained by , and at the expense of , that person , or the consumption by such friends of alcoholic liquor so supplied to them ; the ordering of alcoholic liquor to be consumed off the premises or the despatch by the vendor of liquor so ordered ; ( g ) the supply of alcoholic liquor for consumption on licensed premises to any private friends of the holder of the licence bona fide entertained by him at his own expense , or the consumption of alcoholic liquor by persons so supplied ; ( h ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor at a meal by any person at any time within half an hour after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if the liquor was supplied during the permitted hours and served at the same time as the meal and for consumption at the meal ; ( i ) the sale of alcoholic liquor to a trader for the purposes of his trade , or to a registered club for the purposes of the club ; or ( j ) the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor to any canteen in which the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor is carried on under the authority of the Secretary of State or to any authorised mess of members of Her Majesty 's naval , military or air forces .
( 2 ) nothing in subsection ( 1 ) above shall prohibit or [limit] : ( a ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor in any premises at any time within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours ; ( b ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises within fifteen minutes after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if such liquor was supplied in those premises during the permitted hours and was not supplied or taken away in an open vessel ; ( c ) the sale or supply to , or consumption by , any person of alcoholic liquor in any premises where he is residing ; ( d ) the taking of alcoholic liquor from any premises by a person residing there ; ( e ) the supply of alcoholic liquor , in any premises , for consumption on those premises , to any private friends of a person residing there who are bona fide entertained by , and at the expense of , that person , or the consumption by such friends of alcoholic liquor so supplied to them ; the ordering of alcoholic liquor to be consumed off the premises or the despatch by the vendor of liquor so ordered ; ( g ) the supply of alcoholic liquor for consumption on licensed premises to any private friends of the holder of the licence bona fide entertained by him at his own expense , or the consumption of alcoholic liquor by persons so supplied ; ( h ) the consumption of alcoholic liquor at a meal by any person at any time within half an hour after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening , as the case may be , if the liquor was supplied during the permitted hours and served at the same time as the meal and for consumption at the meal ; ( i ) the sale of alcoholic liquor to a trader for the purposes of his trade , or to a registered club for the purposes of the club ; or ( j ) the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor to any canteen in which the sale or supply of alcoholic liquor is carried on under the authority of the secretary of state or to any authorised mess of members of her majesty 's naval , military or air forces .

In fact , behind the bland constitutional concern to protect human rights through a Bill of Rights , there often lurks a partisan and intensely political concern to restrict the role of the state because of an attachment to a theory of limited government , born of a desire to use the law to defend the private sphere and capitalism , so hitting at the possibility of socialism and the democratic road to its attainment .
in fact , behind the bland constitutional concern to protect human rights through a bill of rights , there often lurks a partisan and intensely political concern to [limit] the role of the state because of an attachment to a theory of limited government , born of a desire to use the law to defend the private sphere and capitalism , so hitting at the possibility of socialism and the democratic road to its attainment .

Although any `` alternative doctrine must be highly speculative `` , the influential Halsbury 's Laws of England goes on to recognise that : `` for many constitutional theorists the question of whether parliamentary sovereignty presupposes that Parliament must always remain sovereign and can not be bound by the legislation of its predecessors , or whether Parliament 's sovereignty entitles it to restrict its power to legislate , or deprive itself of the power to legislate , remains open . ``
although any `` alternative doctrine must be highly speculative `` , the influential halsbury 's laws of england goes on to recognise that : `` for many constitutional theorists the question of whether parliamentary sovereignty presupposes that parliament must always remain sovereign and can not be bound by the legislation of its predecessors , or whether parliament 's sovereignty entitles it to [limit] its power to legislate , or deprive itself of the power to legislate , remains open . ``

In order to secure a `` constitutional premiership `` that is less powerful and more accountable to the party and parliament , there are those within the Labour Party who would wish to change the British constitution so as to restrict the powers of a Prime Minister .
in order to secure a `` constitutional premiership `` that is less powerful and more accountable to the party and parliament , there are those within the labour party who would wish to change the british constitution so as to [limit] the powers of a prime minister .

This threat of withdrawal of large volume business may restrict the supplier 's freedom of manoeuvre , both with any one customer , and in the marketplace generally , For instance , such suppliers may find that customers dictate the terms and for supply , of trade , the prices to be paid , and the arrangements for supply .
this threat of withdrawal of large volume business may [limit] the supplier 's freedom of manoeuvre , both with any one customer , and in the marketplace generally , for instance , such suppliers may find that customers dictate the terms and for supply , of trade , the prices to be paid , and the arrangements for supply .

Of course , you may prefer to choose outside alliances rather than restrict yourself to the family , but in times of hardship the family may be more dependable .
of course , you may prefer to choose outside alliances rather than [limit] yourself to the family , but in times of hardship the family may be more dependable .

As we have attempted in our previous books on further education succinctly to summarize the chief characteristics of the polytechnics , we intend therefore to restrict ourselves to a discussion of the ways in which they have developed in the three years since the first edition of this book was written .
as we have attempted in our previous books on further education succinctly to summarize the chief characteristics of the polytechnics , we intend therefore to [limit] ourselves to a discussion of the ways in which they have developed in the three years since the first edition of this book was written .

Restrict this colour to large areas such as walls , carpet or curtaining and build up from here , introducing one or two further colours or tones of one shade , and adding interest with patterns and texture .
[limit] this colour to large areas such as walls , carpet or curtaining and build up from here , introducing one or two further colours or tones of one shade , and adding interest with patterns and texture .

It would therefore be easier to restrict this seam to plain fabrics or those with a small overall design .
it would therefore be easier to [limit] this seam to plain fabrics or those with a small overall design .

‘ women generally , and particularly older and black women , feel it is necessary to restrict their behaviour and avoid certain situations as a precaution against crime .
‘ women generally , and particularly older and black women , feel it is necessary to [limit] their behaviour and avoid certain situations as a precaution against crime .

Do n't let your baby restrict you , says Francesca Mackinnon
do n't let your baby [limit] you , says francesca mackinnon

This states that in respect of loss or damage other than arising from death or personal injury ‘ a person can not so exclude or restrict liability for negligence except in so far as the term or notice satisfies the requirement of reasonableness ’ .
this states that in respect of loss or damage other than arising from death or personal injury ‘ a person can not so exclude or [limit] liability for negligence except in so far as the term or notice satisfies the requirement of reasonableness ’ .

The banks normally could not restrict or avoid their liability for breach of their duty of care towards their customers , the plaintiffs in the case , but their lawyers suggested that the deed of release did just that .
the banks normally could not [limit] or avoid their liability for breach of their duty of care towards their customers , the plaintiffs in the case , but their lawyers suggested that the deed of release did just that .

Computer systems should be able to recognise these people and to restrict communication with them to the minimum .
computer systems should be able to recognise these people and to [limit] communication with them to the minimum .

Lord Joseph made two unsuccessful attempts to limit the national curriculum to a purely advisory role and to restrict its operation to the three core subjects .
lord joseph made two unsuccessful attempts to limit the national curriculum to a purely advisory role and to [limit] its operation to the three core subjects .

There have also been successive attempts throughout the 1980s to restrict the benefits available to immigrants .
there have also been successive attempts throughout the 1980s to [limit] the benefits available to immigrants .

Surely firmer government control is needed to restrict ‘ the drug that will eventually kill 100,000 of today 's 11 to 15-year-olds , ’ says Dr Amos .
surely firmer government control is needed to [limit] ‘ the drug that will eventually kill 100,000 of today 's 11 to 15-year-olds , ’ says dr amos .

That this is a determined attempt to restrict access is obvious from the efforts being made by the opposition to raise funds to have the protection of the Rights of Way Act removed .
that this is a determined attempt to [limit] access is obvious from the efforts being made by the opposition to raise funds to have the protection of the rights of way act removed .

Restrict heavy goods vehicles within the ring road .
[limit] heavy goods vehicles within the ring road .

They now know which customers we want to increase the business with because the credit risk is low and we are ‘ under exposed ’ , and which market sectors we wish to restrict our exposure in .
they now know which customers we want to increase the business with because the credit risk is low and we are ‘ under exposed ’ , and which market sectors we wish to [limit] our exposure in .

To prevent your club becoming too large , restrict its catchment area .
to prevent your club becoming too large , [limit] its catchment area .

This investigates more fully the nature and scale of the dislocation between trends in the distribution of people and jobs , and examines the barriers which appear to restrict the efficiency of the ‘ matching processes ’ in the labour and housing markets .
this investigates more fully the nature and scale of the dislocation between trends in the distribution of people and jobs , and examines the barriers which appear to [limit] the efficiency of the ‘ matching processes ’ in the labour and housing markets .

Colonial administrators began to restrict the natives ' access to species that could be killed for food by establishing reserves where hunting was only permitted under licence .
colonial administrators began to [limit] the natives ' access to species that could be killed for food by establishing reserves where hunting was only permitted under licence .

But this is artificially to restrict the sense of what it is to be a rational institution .
but this is artificially to [limit] the sense of what it is to be a rational institution .

Do n't restrict yourself to local services , the postal service is better outside London and most will offer Special Delivery or Red Star if you need it .
do n't [limit] yourself to local services , the postal service is better outside london and most will offer special delivery or red star if you need it .

One point well worth noting is that you should restrict the usage of typefaces within a single document or publication to two or , at the most , three .
one point well worth noting is that you should [limit] the usage of typefaces within a single document or publication to two or , at the most , three .

Limited resources may restrict capacity for developing new product ideas on which the organisation may have been founded .
limited resources may [limit] capacity for developing new product ideas on which the organisation may have been founded .

The medical qualifications which at first gave him distinction tended later to restrict his outlook on what might be achieved in the field of occupational health .
the medical qualifications which at first gave him distinction tended later to [limit] his outlook on what might be achieved in the field of occupational health .

He did not restrict himself merely to giving his assent to publication , but added his comments , as , for example , on Two Treatises … concerning Infant Baptism ( 1645 ) by John Tombes [ q.v . ]
he did not [limit] himself merely to giving his assent to publication , but added his comments , as , for example , on two treatises … concerning infant baptism ( 1645 ) by john tombes [ q.v . ]

The wording of the section suggests that this power could not be used to restrict the right to inspect or obtain copies , for example by requiring good cause to be shown thus preventing share registers being used as ‘ sucker-lists , ’ but is intended to ensure that the matter is reproduced in a way which is as ‘ user-friendly ’ as possible without imposing undue burdens on the company .
the wording of the section suggests that this power could not be used to [limit] the right to inspect or obtain copies , for example by requiring good cause to be shown thus preventing share registers being used as ‘ sucker-lists , ’ but is intended to ensure that the matter is reproduced in a way which is as ‘ user-friendly ’ as possible without imposing undue burdens on the company .

16 ) that can be depended upon to restrict its appetite to undesirable algae .
16 ) that can be depended upon to [limit] its appetite to undesirable algae .

Organized groups , on the other hand , restrict their aims to those that will promote the interests of their members or further particular causes ; they do not have a comprehensive political programme , nor do they seek to acquire control of the main offices of government .
organized groups , on the other hand , [limit] their aims to those that will promote the interests of their members or further particular causes ; they do not have a comprehensive political programme , nor do they seek to acquire control of the main offices of government .

In the 1970s Soviet commentators accepted that despite Turkish participation in ‘ imperialist blocs ’ , which acted to restrict joint Turkish actions with the non-aligned states in resolving international problems , such as over the Middle East and disarmament , Turkey and the non-aligned countries faced ‘ very many similar problems ’ .
in the 1970s soviet commentators accepted that despite turkish participation in ‘ imperialist blocs ’ , which acted to [limit] joint turkish actions with the non-aligned states in resolving international problems , such as over the middle east and disarmament , turkey and the non-aligned countries faced ‘ very many similar problems ’ .

However , in writing for school or amateur orchestras it is wiser to restrict oneself to hand-tuned drums , though there is nothing to prevent one writing a mechanical timpani part with an optional alternative part for hand-tuned instruments .
however , in writing for school or amateur orchestras it is wiser to [limit] oneself to hand-tuned drums , though there is nothing to prevent one writing a mechanical timpani part with an optional alternative part for hand-tuned instruments .

Indeed , it might be suggested in this context that to use the concept of subsidiarity to restrict the Community 's activities is hardly compatible with the achievement of a ‘ level playing-field ’ throughout the Community .
indeed , it might be suggested in this context that to use the concept of subsidiarity to [limit] the community 's activities is hardly compatible with the achievement of a ‘ level playing-field ’ throughout the community .

If we do decide to refuse or restrict access clients will have a right to have this decision reviewed , and will be advised on how this can be done .
if we do decide to refuse or [limit] access clients will have a right to have this decision reviewed , and will be advised on how this can be done .

d ] Restrict the total to 100 e ] extend an invitation to the members of Longstone Youth Club .
d ] [limit] the total to 100 e ] extend an invitation to the members of longstone youth club .

If we attempt to restrict development without ensuring access for local people , the result will be to force them out .
if we attempt to [limit] development without ensuring access for local people , the result will be to force them out .

where the speaker meant exactly what he said , no more , no less ) , the same content would be assigned both to semantics and pragmatics In other words , we would need to restrict the notion of utterance-meaning in such a way that we subtract sentence-meaning , and in that case we are back to a definition of pragmatics by residue .
where the speaker meant exactly what he said , no more , no less ) , the same content would be assigned both to semantics and pragmatics in other words , we would need to [limit] the notion of utterance-meaning in such a way that we subtract sentence-meaning , and in that case we are back to a definition of pragmatics by residue .

Here we shall restrict the term to those aspects of language structure that encode the social identities of participants ( properly , incumbents of participant-roles ) , or the social relationship between them , or between one of them and persons and entities referred to .
here we shall [limit] the term to those aspects of language structure that encode the social identities of participants ( properly , incumbents of participant-roles ) , or the social relationship between them , or between one of them and persons and entities referred to .

The Bank has declared its intention to restrict itself to reafforestation projects , bringing degraded land back into production , developing secondary forests and financing the policing of ancient forests .
the bank has declared its intention to [limit] itself to reafforestation projects , bringing degraded land back into production , developing secondary forests and financing the policing of ancient forests .

The ministry 's seven-point plan aims to establish a national park and wildlife sanctuary , control tree felling , regulate the flow of tourists , restrict construction and development , build water-treatment plants , and reduce people 's reliance of fuelwood by introducing subsidies on other fuels .
the ministry 's seven-point plan aims to establish a national park and wildlife sanctuary , control tree felling , regulate the flow of tourists , [limit] construction and development , build water-treatment plants , and reduce people 's reliance of fuelwood by introducing subsidies on other fuels .

The report lists practical measures that , if implemented , will help restrict greenhouse gas emissions with a view to meeting these targets .
the report lists practical measures that , if implemented , will help [limit] greenhouse gas emissions with a view to meeting these targets .

* The Laotian Agriculture Ministry has announced plans for the semi-settlement of a quarter of a million families of shifting cultivators , in an effort to restrict the effects of `` slash and burn `` farming on the country 's forests .
* the laotian agriculture ministry has announced plans for the semi-settlement of a quarter of a million families of shifting cultivators , in an effort to [limit] the effects of `` slash and burn `` farming on the country 's forests .

The primary purpose of the SARs is to restrict the swift build-up of substantial stakes in a target company by dawn raids .
the primary purpose of the sars is to [limit] the swift build-up of substantial stakes in a target company by dawn raids .

This is self-explanatory and the tenant should be cautious of allowing the landlord to include various prohibited users which may not affect the tenant 's business but could restrict the persons to whom the tenant may wish to assign or sublet the premises .
this is self-explanatory and the tenant should be cautious of allowing the landlord to include various prohibited users which may not affect the tenant 's business but could [limit] the persons to whom the tenant may wish to assign or sublet the premises .

The tenant will not wish to restrict himself to too narrow a use , for while this might be satisfactory in the short term , if the lease is for 25 years much can happen to the tenant 's business , eg expansion or contraction resulting in the necessity for the tenant to assign or sublet the premises , in which case the assignee or subtenant may wish to carry on a different use .
the tenant will not wish to [limit] himself to too narrow a use , for while this might be satisfactory in the short term , if the lease is for 25 years much can happen to the tenant 's business , eg expansion or contraction resulting in the necessity for the tenant to assign or sublet the premises , in which case the assignee or subtenant may wish to carry on a different use .

Leases quite often attempt to restrict the opening hours of premises , not only in respect of shops but also offices .
leases quite often attempt to [limit] the opening hours of premises , not only in respect of shops but also offices .

4 Scaffolding The right to erect scaffolding for [ any purpose connected with or related to the Centre or the purpose of repairing or cleaning the Centre ] notwithstanding that such scaffolding may temporarily restrict the access to or use and enjoyment of the Premises This right is included in order to overcome the problem resulting from Owen v Gadd where the Court of Appeal held that the construction of scaffolding poles in front of a shop , where there was no reservation of such a right , infringed the landlord 's covenant for quiet enjoyment . It is fair to say that scaffolding placed in front of premises is extremely detractive and the following amendments to this paragraph may be advisable : The right to erect scaffolding for the purpose of repairing or cleaning the Centre provided that there shall not be erected any scaffolding or other structures in front of or to the rear or sides ( if applicable ) of the Premises in such a position so as [ materially ] to obscure the windows of the Premises or so as to prevent or [ unreasonably ] interfere with access to the Premises by customers or other persons entering the Premises or in connection with the servicing thereof
4 scaffolding the right to erect scaffolding for [ any purpose connected with or related to the centre or the purpose of repairing or cleaning the centre ] notwithstanding that such scaffolding may temporarily [limit] the access to or use and enjoyment of the premises this right is included in order to overcome the problem resulting from owen v gadd where the court of appeal held that the construction of scaffolding poles in front of a shop , where there was no reservation of such a right , infringed the landlord 's covenant for quiet enjoyment . it is fair to say that scaffolding placed in front of premises is extremely detractive and the following amendments to this paragraph may be advisable : the right to erect scaffolding for the purpose of repairing or cleaning the centre provided that there shall not be erected any scaffolding or other structures in front of or to the rear or sides ( if applicable ) of the premises in such a position so as [ materially ] to obscure the windows of the premises or so as to prevent or [ unreasonably ] interfere with access to the premises by customers or other persons entering the premises or in connection with the servicing thereof

Where one party enters into a contract as a consumer , or on the other contracting party 's written standard terms of business , so that s3 applies , the Act provides ( in s3(2) ) that " the other " ( ie the non-consumer , or the party on whose written standard terms the contract is made ) can not by reference to any contract term — ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of such breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him , or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as … the contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
where one party enters into a contract as a consumer , or on the other contracting party 's written standard terms of business , so that s3 applies , the act provides ( in s3(2) ) that " the other " ( ie the non-consumer , or the party on whose written standard terms the contract is made ) can not by reference to any contract term — ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or [limit] any liability of his in respect of such breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him , or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as … the contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

The first , covered by s3 ( 2 ) ( a ) will be instantly recognisable as an exclusion clause : it includes any term which purports to exclude , limit or restrict the proferens ' liability for a breach of contract : for instance , a clause such as : The Seller accepts no liability for any loss suffered by the Buyer as a result of any delay in delivery would be caught by s3 ( 2 ) ( a ) .
the first , covered by s3 ( 2 ) ( a ) will be instantly recognisable as an exclusion clause : it includes any term which purports to exclude , limit or [limit] the proferens ' liability for a breach of contract : for instance , a clause such as : the seller accepts no liability for any loss suffered by the buyer as a result of any delay in delivery would be caught by s3 ( 2 ) ( a ) .

However , it has been argued that certain clauses operate at an earlier stage so as to define and restrict the extent of the contractual obligation undertaken and so prevent there being any breach of contract .
however , it has been argued that certain clauses operate at an earlier stage so as to define and [limit] the extent of the contractual obligation undertaken and so prevent there being any breach of contract .

In order to achieve the first objective the drafter will seek to define his/her client 's obligations , restrict the circumstances in which the client will be in breach of contract , and restrict , limit or even exclude liabilities which would otherwise otherwise .
in order to achieve the first objective the drafter will seek to define his/her client 's obligations , [limit] the circumstances in which the client will be in breach of contract , and [limit] , limit or even exclude liabilities which would otherwise otherwise .

Other procedural clauses may restrict the evidence which can be used in support of a claim : for instance , a contract may provide that a certificate of quality by an inspector or surveyor shall be conclusive evidence that goods conform to the contract ; or that `` failure to notify the sellers of any defects or shortages within three days shall be conclusive evidence that the goods were in conformity with the contract in all respects `` ; or even that `` acceptance of the goods shall be conclusive evidence of their conformity with the contract `` .
other procedural clauses may [limit] the evidence which can be used in support of a claim : for instance , a contract may provide that a certificate of quality by an inspector or surveyor shall be conclusive evidence that goods conform to the contract ; or that `` failure to notify the sellers of any defects or shortages within three days shall be conclusive evidence that the goods were in conformity with the contract in all respects `` ; or even that `` acceptance of the goods shall be conclusive evidence of their conformity with the contract `` .

They therefore developed a number of rules to restrict reliance on exclusion clauses .
they therefore developed a number of rules to [limit] reliance on exclusion clauses .

In the past the general rules of construction have been modified in their application to exclusion clauses because , in an effort to restrict the use of wide exclusions , the courts have developed particularly strict methods of construing exclusion clauses .
in the past the general rules of construction have been modified in their application to exclusion clauses because , in an effort to [limit] the use of wide exclusions , the courts have developed particularly strict methods of construing exclusion clauses .

Clauses which seek to exclude or restrict liability for misrepresentation are regulated by s3 of the Misrepresentation Act 1967 .
clauses which seek to exclude or [limit] liability for misrepresentation are regulated by s3 of the misrepresentation act 1967 .

There can be no doubt that the liabilities which the drafter might seek to exclude or restrict in standard terms of trading will be `` business liabilities `` and any exclusions in such standard terms are therefore potentially subject to the Act .
there can be no doubt that the liabilities which the drafter might seek to exclude or [limit] in standard terms of trading will be `` business liabilities `` and any exclusions in such standard terms are therefore potentially subject to the act .

Sections 2 , 3 , 5 , 6 and 7 regulate clauses which purport to exclude or restrict liability — for instance The Seller will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by breach of any express or implied term of this contract or The Seller 's liability for any breach of contract shall be limited to the contract price .
sections 2 , 3 , 5 , 6 and 7 regulate clauses which purport to exclude or [limit] liability — for instance the seller will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by breach of any express or implied term of this contract or the seller 's liability for any breach of contract shall be limited to the contract price .

However , the ambit of the Act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the Act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .
however , the ambit of the act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or [limit] " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or [limit] any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .

In addition , for the purposes of ss2 , 5 , 6 and 7 , `` terms and notices which exclude or restrict the relevant obligation or duty `` are subject to the same control as clauses which exclude or restrict liability .
in addition , for the purposes of ss2 , 5 , 6 and 7 , `` terms and notices which exclude or [limit] the relevant obligation or duty `` are subject to the same control as clauses which exclude or [limit] liability .

That section applies to terms in guarantees and provides that a person can not , by reference to a term in a guarantee of goods of a type ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption , exclude or restrict liability for any loss or damage caused by the goods proving defective whilst in consumer use as a result of negligence in manufacture .
that section applies to terms in guarantees and provides that a person can not , by reference to a term in a guarantee of goods of a type ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption , exclude or [limit] liability for any loss or damage caused by the goods proving defective whilst in consumer use as a result of negligence in manufacture .

Section 3(2) provides that a person dealing with a consumer , or contracting on his/her own written standard terms : can not by reference to any contract term — ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of the breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him , or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as … the contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
section 3(2) provides that a person dealing with a consumer , or contracting on his/her own written standard terms : can not by reference to any contract term — ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or [limit] any liability of his in respect of the breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him , or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as … the contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

It is also clear that clauses which operate after a breach of contract — eg clauses which exclude or limit liability for a breach of contract , or restrict the remedies available for a breach , and time bar clauses applying to claims for breach of contract — are all controlled by this section .
it is also clear that clauses which operate after a breach of contract — eg clauses which exclude or limit liability for a breach of contract , or [limit] the remedies available for a breach , and time bar clauses applying to claims for breach of contract — are all controlled by this section .

Where the Act applies a reasonableness test it generally provides that a party can not exclude or restrict liability `` except in so far as the term satisfies the test of reasonableness `` ( ss2 , 3 , 4 ) or that liability can be excluded or restricted `` but only in so far as the term satisfies the test of reasonableness `` ( ss6 , 7 ) .
where the act applies a reasonableness test it generally provides that a party can not exclude or [limit] liability `` except in so far as the term satisfies the test of reasonableness `` ( ss2 , 3 , 4 ) or that liability can be excluded or restricted `` but only in so far as the term satisfies the test of reasonableness `` ( ss6 , 7 ) .

The judge concluded that there was thus a direct financial inducement for the agent not to enter into such activities but to restrict his post-termination employment to non-competing activities .
the judge concluded that there was thus a direct financial inducement for the agent not to enter into such activities but to [limit] his post-termination employment to non-competing activities .

His former employer will quite clearly not benefit from this conduct and the courts are concerned with defining how far the employer can restrict such competition .
his former employer will quite clearly not benefit from this conduct and the courts are concerned with defining how far the employer can [limit] such competition .

Similarly ( b ) alone may not be sufficient as the courts have laid down principles which effectively restrict the time for which any such covenant can run and also the geographical area it can cover .
similarly ( b ) alone may not be sufficient as the courts have laid down principles which effectively [limit] the time for which any such covenant can run and also the geographical area it can cover .

In the area of competition and canvassing there are three general headings under which the courts will examine the existence of reasonableness of a restraint : 4.1 Restricted activities If the employer seeks by contractual restraint to restrict the activities of a former employee by proscribing the types of business in which the employee may become engaged once employment is over then he can only do so if he can establish a close connection betwee the restriction and the work done by the employee prior to leaving .
in the area of competition and canvassing there are three general headings under which the courts will examine the existence of reasonableness of a restraint : 4.1 restricted activities if the employer seeks by contractual restraint to [limit] the activities of a former employee by proscribing the types of business in which the employee may become engaged once employment is over then he can only do so if he can establish a close connection betwee the restriction and the work done by the employee prior to leaving .

The firm must not , however , in any written communication or agreement , seek to exclude or restrict any duty or liability to a customer which it has under the Act or under the regulatory system .
the firm must not , however , in any written communication or agreement , seek to exclude or [limit] any duty or liability to a customer which it has under the act or under the regulatory system .

Similarly , unless it is reasonable to do so in the circumstances , a firm must not , in any written communication or agreement , seek to exclude or restrict : ( 1 ) Any other duty to act with skill , care and diligence which is owed to a private customer in connection with the provision to him of investment services in the course of regulated business ; or ( 2 ) Any liability owed to a private customer in connection with regulated business for failure to exercise the degree of skill , care and diligence that may reasonably be expected of it in the provision of investment services in the course of that business .
similarly , unless it is reasonable to do so in the circumstances , a firm must not , in any written communication or agreement , seek to exclude or [limit] : ( 1 ) any other duty to act with skill , care and diligence which is owed to a private customer in connection with the provision to him of investment services in the course of regulated business ; or ( 2 ) any liability owed to a private customer in connection with regulated business for failure to exercise the degree of skill , care and diligence that may reasonably be expected of it in the provision of investment services in the course of that business .

( 2 ) Will conflicts like the following restrict you ?
( 2 ) will conflicts like the following [limit] you ?

You should consider how to restrict other firms using the package without you getting some benefit .
you should consider how to [limit] other firms using the package without you getting some benefit .

But the fact that it is protected by unwritten convention rather than by a legal constitution means that there is no external brake upon Parliament or the courts moving to restrict it in particular ways , as the mood of the times takes them .
but the fact that it is protected by unwritten convention rather than by a legal constitution means that there is no external brake upon parliament or the courts moving to [limit] it in particular ways , as the mood of the times takes them .

If a planning authority wished to restrict its activities , it was held that it was only right for the extra costs to be reimbursed .
if a planning authority wished to [limit] its activities , it was held that it was only right for the extra costs to be reimbursed .

In some areas , for example , national parks or near a cathedral , it may be desirable to prohibit virtually all advertisements of the poster type and seriously restrict other advertisements , including those normally displayed by the ordinary trader .
in some areas , for example , national parks or near a cathedral , it may be desirable to prohibit virtually all advertisements of the poster type and seriously [limit] other advertisements , including those normally displayed by the ordinary trader .

Apart from some limited rounding-off of existing small towns and villages , no further urban expansion is to be allowed within this belt … In other parts of the country , certain planning authorities are endeavouring , by administrative action , to restrict further building development around the large urban areas .
apart from some limited rounding-off of existing small towns and villages , no further urban expansion is to be allowed within this belt … in other parts of the country , certain planning authorities are endeavouring , by administrative action , to [limit] further building development around the large urban areas .

If the government wishes to restrict monetary growth over the longer term , it could in theory attempt to control any of these four .
if the government wishes to [limit] monetary growth over the longer term , it could in theory attempt to control any of these four .

For example , they might be asked to restrict the amount of credit granted to private individuals for consumption , or to property speculators .
for example , they might be asked to [limit] the amount of credit granted to private individuals for consumption , or to property speculators .

This was where the Bank of England requested banks to restrict total lending .
this was where the bank of england requested banks to [limit] total lending .

The authorities could restrict hire purchase credit by specifying minimum deposits or maximum repayment periods .
the authorities could [limit] hire purchase credit by specifying minimum deposits or maximum repayment periods .

In the short term , the government can use monetary policy to restrict the growth in aggregate demand in one of three ways : ( a ) reducing money supply directly , ( b ) reducing the demand for money by raising interest rates , or ( c ) rationing credit .
in the short term , the government can use monetary policy to [limit] the growth in aggregate demand in one of three ways : ( a ) reducing money supply directly , ( b ) reducing the demand for money by raising interest rates , or ( c ) rationing credit .

One respondent specialising in the professional conduct of solicitors , ( including advocacy both of prosecution and defence at the Solicitor Disciplinary Tribunal ) , was concerned that the proposal in question 10 might ‘ restrict the meaning of an undertaking for the purpose of enforcement ’ , and might fundamentally alter the character of a solicitor 's undertaking .
one respondent specialising in the professional conduct of solicitors , ( including advocacy both of prosecution and defence at the solicitor disciplinary tribunal ) , was concerned that the proposal in question 10 might ‘ [limit] the meaning of an undertaking for the purpose of enforcement ’ , and might fundamentally alter the character of a solicitor 's undertaking .

Five angraecoid species were found to share the same pollinator , Panogena lingens , but ethological and mechanical mechanisms apparently restrict interspecific pollination despite mixed pollen loads .
five angraecoid species were found to share the same pollinator , panogena lingens , but ethological and mechanical mechanisms apparently [limit] interspecific pollination despite mixed pollen loads .

Not tightly enough to restrict the blood flow , but sufficient to make her long to be able to stretch .
not tightly enough to [limit] the blood flow , but sufficient to make her long to be able to stretch .

In general , statutory and regulatory record-keeping requirements have been amended to take account of modern technology , However , in specific areas , legal terminology , such as requirements for a ‘ written document ’ , may continue to restrict reliance on electronic systems and create legal uncertainty .
in general , statutory and regulatory record-keeping requirements have been amended to take account of modern technology , however , in specific areas , legal terminology , such as requirements for a ‘ written document ’ , may continue to [limit] reliance on electronic systems and create legal uncertainty .

The ‘ commodification ’ of data may restrict access .
the ‘ commodification ’ of data may [limit] access .

Some exclusion clauses do not totally exclude liability for a breach but only restrict it .
some exclusion clauses do not totally exclude liability for a breach but only [limit] it .

So far we have looked at exclusion clauses which exclude or restrict liability for a particular type of breach arising from a particular cause .
so far we have looked at exclusion clauses which exclude or [limit] liability for a particular type of breach arising from a particular cause .

Such clauses are common in contracts , but equally common are general exclusion clauses which exclude or restrict liability for all breaches however caused ( `` general exclusion clauses `` ) .
such clauses are common in contracts , but equally common are general exclusion clauses which exclude or [limit] liability for all breaches however caused ( `` general exclusion clauses `` ) .

If the seller wishes to restrict or exclude liability for infringement of third party intellectual property rights there are , however , some options open to him .
if the seller wishes to [limit] or exclude liability for infringement of third party intellectual property rights there are , however , some options open to him .

14.2 [ Where the Purchaser is a natural person ] [ and if and to the extent that s 2(1) of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 applies to the Order , ] nothing in these terms and conditions shall operate or be construed to operate so as to exclude or restrict the liability of the Seller for death or personal injury caused [ to the Purchaser ] by reason of the negligence of the Seller or of its servants , employees or agents .
14.2 [ where the purchaser is a natural person ] [ and if and to the extent that s 2(1) of the unfair contract terms act 1977 applies to the order , ] nothing in these terms and conditions shall operate or be construed to operate so as to exclude or [limit] the liability of the seller for death or personal injury caused [ to the purchaser ] by reason of the negligence of the seller or of its servants , employees or agents .

The partnership agreement will normally contain provisions ( applying equally to all signatories ) to restrict the ability of an outgoing partner to compete with the firm .
the partnership agreement will normally contain provisions ( applying equally to all signatories ) to [limit] the ability of an outgoing partner to compete with the firm .

These time bars are clauses whose purpose and effect is to restrict or exclude liability .
these time bars are clauses whose purpose and effect is to [limit] or exclude liability .

The tenant 's adviser should seek to restrict the power to the making of reasonable regulations .
the tenant 's adviser should seek to [limit] the power to the making of reasonable regulations .

New rules in s88 and Sch 8 Finance Act 1993 now restrict the usefulness of capital losses carried forward in a target company which is acquired by a capital gains tax group .
new rules in s88 and sch 8 finance act 1993 now [limit] the usefulness of capital losses carried forward in a target company which is acquired by a capital gains tax group .

It is not unreasonable that the investors should want the managers ' views on the accountants ' report , but management 's advisers should try to restrict this warranty to the facts in the report and exclude any opinions given by the accountants .
it is not unreasonable that the investors should want the managers ' views on the accountants ' report , but management 's advisers should try to [limit] this warranty to the facts in the report and exclude any opinions given by the accountants .

On the other hand , the vendor should seek to restrict the number of exemptions .
on the other hand , the vendor should seek to [limit] the number of exemptions .

In order to ensure an injunction will be available the vendor will wish to restrict the number of exemptions to the confidentiality obligation and hence minimise the risk of the injunction being overturned .
in order to ensure an injunction will be available the vendor will wish to [limit] the number of exemptions to the confidentiality obligation and hence minimise the risk of the injunction being overturned .

Article 85 ( 1 ) prohibits agreements which restrict competition .
article 85 ( 1 ) prohibits agreements which [limit] competition .

In an asset sale the provisions most likely to restrict competition are non-competition covenants given by the vendor to the purchaser or any arrangement purporting to divide up geographic or product markets .
in an asset sale the provisions most likely to [limit] competition are non-competition covenants given by the vendor to the purchaser or any arrangement purporting to divide up geographic or product markets .

In view of this , the committee stressed the need to restrict the availability of highly hazardous pesticides .
in view of this , the committee stressed the need to [limit] the availability of highly hazardous pesticides .

The document calls for legislation to restrict the use of nitrate fertilizers , pesticides and industrial solvents in areas " mainly agricultural districts " where their overuse poses threat to the quality of the groundwater .
the document calls for legislation to [limit] the use of nitrate fertilizers , pesticides and industrial solvents in areas " mainly agricultural districts " where their overuse poses threat to the quality of the groundwater .

Conversely , warnings against red and blue screens , while appropriate for monochrome displays , restrict the helpful use of these in multicolour screens as markers .
conversely , warnings against red and blue screens , while appropriate for monochrome displays , [limit] the helpful use of these in multicolour screens as markers .

Tests have shown them to restrict growth and cause mutations in micro-organisms .
tests have shown them to [limit] growth and cause mutations in micro-organisms .

Anyone in West Africa who takes it upon himself to tether an animal or restrict its movement , must pay regard to the possibility of an attack by one of these armies .
anyone in west africa who takes it upon himself to tether an animal or [limit] its movement , must pay regard to the possibility of an attack by one of these armies .

Both these requirements restrict it , and most amphibians , to moist places .
both these requirements [limit] it , and most amphibians , to moist places .

In the standard paradigm the two communicators are seated at a table opposite one another but separated by a screen so as to restrict communication to the verbal channel .
in the standard paradigm the two communicators are seated at a table opposite one another but separated by a screen so as to [limit] communication to the verbal channel .

He stayed at home for part of that month , and his doctor advised him to restrict his engagements as much as possible .
he stayed at home for part of that month , and his doctor advised him to [limit] his engagements as much as possible .

This is one reason why we do not restrict the use of `` style `` to what we have called stylistic variation , ie `` styled `` .
this is one reason why we do not [limit] the use of `` style `` to what we have called stylistic variation , ie `` styled `` .

Our first degree of specialisation to make the notion useful is to restrict ourselves to linear operators .
our first degree of specialisation to make the notion useful is to [limit] ourselves to linear operators .

The mathematicians guarantee that all will be well provided we restrict ourselves to operators which satisfy the condition which they call being hermitean .
the mathematicians guarantee that all will be well provided we [limit] ourselves to operators which satisfy the condition which they call being hermitean .

Budget problems will probably restrict the service to English to begin with , with plans to add other languages as soon as possible .
budget problems will probably [limit] the service to english to begin with , with plans to add other languages as soon as possible .

On the other hand , the contracting powers of local authorities are derived from statute and are subject to certain ‘ public law ’ controls which do not restrict the contracting activities of private individuals ( and central government ) .
on the other hand , the contracting powers of local authorities are derived from statute and are subject to certain ‘ public law ’ controls which do not [limit] the contracting activities of private individuals ( and central government ) .

In general terms it is to restrict access to judicial review .
in general terms it is to [limit] access to judicial review .

But why restrict access ?
but why [limit] access ?

Each of the other fundamental rights reveals an aspect of the value of private autonomy , whereas , in contrast , a right to enforce a contract involves an assertion of the justice of commandeering state power to curtail economic liberty and restrict autonomy .
each of the other fundamental rights reveals an aspect of the value of private autonomy , whereas , in contrast , a right to enforce a contract involves an assertion of the justice of commandeering state power to curtail economic liberty and [limit] autonomy .

Furthermore , earlier systems were constrained by hardware restrictions such as a lack of available memory , which would then restrict the size of the vocabulary .
furthermore , earlier systems were constrained by hardware restrictions such as a lack of available memory , which would then [limit] the size of the vocabulary .

However , the label ’ semantic ’ will continue to be used , although it is intended that the reader should not restrict its denotation to the strict linguistic sense .
however , the label ’ semantic ’ will continue to be used , although it is intended that the reader should not [limit] its denotation to the strict linguistic sense .

Treasury stringency , however , left no option but to restrict the pension in this way .
treasury stringency , however , left no option but to [limit] the pension in this way .

In England , James Robertson ( 1953 , 1958 ) , a colleague of Bowlby 's at the Tavistock Clinic , started a campaign to persuade children 's hospital wards to admit mothers together with their children , or at least not to restrict visiting in any way ; some hospitals welcomed the idea , others resisted it , but meanwhile a Government committee was set up which in 1959 published the ‘ Platt Report ’ on the welfare of children in hospital , recommending ‘ that all hospitals where children are treated will adopt the practice of unrestricted visiting , particularly for children below school age ’ , that ‘ it is particularly valuable for the mother to be able to stay in hospital with her child during the first day or two ’ , and that ‘ children should not be admitted to hospital if it can possibly be avoided ’ .
in england , james robertson ( 1953 , 1958 ) , a colleague of bowlby 's at the tavistock clinic , started a campaign to persuade children 's hospital wards to admit mothers together with their children , or at least not to [limit] visiting in any way ; some hospitals welcomed the idea , others resisted it , but meanwhile a government committee was set up which in 1959 published the ‘ platt report ’ on the welfare of children in hospital , recommending ‘ that all hospitals where children are treated will adopt the practice of unrestricted visiting , particularly for children below school age ’ , that ‘ it is particularly valuable for the mother to be able to stay in hospital with her child during the first day or two ’ , and that ‘ children should not be admitted to hospital if it can possibly be avoided ’ .

He was succeeded by Okuma Shigenobu , who re-negotiated to restrict the inclusion of foreign judges to the Supreme Court ; foreign approval for the new legal code was also waived .
he was succeeded by okuma shigenobu , who re-negotiated to [limit] the inclusion of foreign judges to the supreme court ; foreign approval for the new legal code was also waived .

In autumn 1940 Japan moved into northern French Indo-China in an attempt to restrict supplies to the Chinese , and as a preliminary to creating a Japanese-controlled zone in Southeast Asia .
in autumn 1940 japan moved into northern french indo-china in an attempt to [limit] supplies to the chinese , and as a preliminary to creating a japanese-controlled zone in southeast asia .

Attempts to restrict military advance were ignored on the grounds of operational necessity , and the government in Tokyo , incapable of stemming the advance , found itself forced to act as an apologist for the military 's faits accomplis .
attempts to [limit] military advance were ignored on the grounds of operational necessity , and the government in tokyo , incapable of stemming the advance , found itself forced to act as an apologist for the military 's faits accomplis .

The thought which came most readily was to restrict the amount of paper which each student could use and to force them to be more economical with it .
the thought which came most readily was to [limit] the amount of paper which each student could use and to force them to be more economical with it .

Faced with the need to take some action , and willing to restrict the death penalty but not to abandon it completely , a classic step on the road to abolition , the Government turned again to the idea of categorizing murders which the Labour Government had attempted , fruitlessly , as a way out of a previous Parliamentary impasse in 1948 .
faced with the need to take some action , and willing to [limit] the death penalty but not to abandon it completely , a classic step on the road to abolition , the government turned again to the idea of categorizing murders which the labour government had attempted , fruitlessly , as a way out of a previous parliamentary impasse in 1948 .

The Ministry therefore feel that they can do nothing to restrict its spread , and will take no further action .
the ministry therefore feel that they can do nothing to [limit] its spread , and will take no further action .

Evidence shows that untreated milk has a higher nutritional value and contains anti-infective agents which can both restrict the growth of contaminating bacteria in milk and give the consumer protection against infection .
evidence shows that untreated milk has a higher nutritional value and contains anti-infective agents which can both [limit] the growth of contaminating bacteria in milk and give the consumer protection against infection .

Greenfield herself provides some evidence that the test situation was not entirely culture-free although she does not allow this to restrict her from making large inferences from the results .
greenfield herself provides some evidence that the test situation was not entirely culture-free although she does not allow this to [limit] her from making large inferences from the results .

Goody cites a range of examples where factors in the society itself or intrinsic to literacy ‘ restrict ’ its potential : the secrecy of the Koranic tradition in Africa and the Middle East ; the ceremonial texts of Egypt and Mesopotamia ; Brahminic uses of the Veda ; the ‘ guru ’ tradition ; the educational system of Europe in the Middle Ages ; the religious uses of alphabetic literacy in Tibet ; the uses of literacy by the lo Dagaa and Gonja in northern Ghana , where Goody himself did field work ( 1968 , 1977 , p. 20 ) .
goody cites a range of examples where factors in the society itself or intrinsic to literacy ‘ [limit] ’ its potential : the secrecy of the koranic tradition in africa and the middle east ; the ceremonial texts of egypt and mesopotamia ; brahminic uses of the veda ; the ‘ guru ’ tradition ; the educational system of europe in the middle ages ; the religious uses of alphabetic literacy in tibet ; the uses of literacy by the lo dagaa and gonja in northern ghana , where goody himself did field work ( 1968 , 1977 , p. 20 ) .

Health authorities have already begun to restrict services , most commonly removal of tattoos and cosmetic surgery .
health authorities have already begun to [limit] services , most commonly removal of tattoos and cosmetic surgery .

Restrict the size of the group to five or six ( although the research data are conflicting on group size ) .
[limit] the size of the group to five or six ( although the research data are conflicting on group size ) .

In England they had managed to restrict the horizons of the working class to piecemeal economic goals , to mere trade unionism .
in england they had managed to [limit] the horizons of the working class to piecemeal economic goals , to mere trade unionism .

Cigarettes are still relatively easy to obtain by young people , and current arrangements for enforcing legislation to restrict sales are largely ineffective .
cigarettes are still relatively easy to obtain by young people , and current arrangements for enforcing legislation to [limit] sales are largely ineffective .

Often it is necessary to start activity with some contrived problems that restrict demand on the pupil , ie , only a narrow range of techniques and knowledge is involved , while the presentation level will depend on the group 's ability .
often it is necessary to start activity with some contrived problems that [limit] demand on the pupil , ie , only a narrow range of techniques and knowledge is involved , while the presentation level will depend on the group 's ability .

For the most part , however , it was not the democrats who carried the day , but the Whig Founding Fathers , who were as concerned as their British namesakes to establish restraints on the popular will , to protect the interests of the rich and propertied , and to restrict the franchise to property-holders .
for the most part , however , it was not the democrats who carried the day , but the whig founding fathers , who were as concerned as their british namesakes to establish restraints on the popular will , to protect the interests of the rich and propertied , and to [limit] the franchise to property-holders .

It is one of the paradoxes of contemporary political thinking that at the same time as much conventional theory has tried to restrict the idea of democracy to that of choosing a government from competing elites , it is also widely admitted that the theoretical sovereignty of these democratic governments is not in fact matched by their actual powers over society , particularly in relation to the vast conglomerate firms and multi-national companies on whose policies and decisions the employment and livelihood of so many millions now depend .
it is one of the paradoxes of contemporary political thinking that at the same time as much conventional theory has tried to [limit] the idea of democracy to that of choosing a government from competing elites , it is also widely admitted that the theoretical sovereignty of these democratic governments is not in fact matched by their actual powers over society , particularly in relation to the vast conglomerate firms and multi-national companies on whose policies and decisions the employment and livelihood of so many millions now depend .

But whatever the degree of manipulation involved in specific instances , it is clearly possible in principle for genuine popular consent and active support to be given to a dictatorship or to an authoritarian regime , or to specific measures intended to restrict or even destroy democracy .
but whatever the degree of manipulation involved in specific instances , it is clearly possible in principle for genuine popular consent and active support to be given to a dictatorship or to an authoritarian regime , or to specific measures intended to [limit] or even destroy democracy .

We need to restrict x a bit more in order to express what we want .
we need to [limit] x a bit more in order to express what we want .

Practice may vary but it is usual to restrict fibre in the diet to reduce the bulk of faeces .
practice may vary but it is usual to [limit] fibre in the diet to reduce the bulk of faeces .

He was encouraged to resume a normal fluid intake and not to restrict fluids because his bladder felt uncomfortable .
he was encouraged to resume a normal fluid intake and not to [limit] fluids because his bladder felt uncomfortable .

Pain , or the fear of pain , can restrict mobility especially after surgery , when patients tend to lie still , keeping their whole body stiff regard-less of the site of .
pain , or the fear of pain , can [limit] mobility especially after surgery , when patients tend to lie still , keeping their whole body stiff regard-less of the site of .

My First Walkman from Sony has a switch to restrict volume , preventing damage to hearing .
my first walkman from sony has a switch to [limit] volume , preventing damage to hearing .

It 's a good idea to restrict the number of layers you wear , as too many cause too much perspiration for the fibres to cope with .
it 's a good idea to [limit] the number of layers you wear , as too many cause too much perspiration for the fibres to cope with .

These procedures are known as ‘ contract compliance ’ and obviously restrict the effects of competitive tendering .
these procedures are known as ‘ contract compliance ’ and obviously [limit] the effects of competitive tendering .

If all councillors became full-time politicians then this would restrict the range of people coming forward for election and could alter the balance of the relationship between them and the officers of the council .
if all councillors became full-time politicians then this would [limit] the range of people coming forward for election and could alter the balance of the relationship between them and the officers of the council .

So far we have identified specific group agencies of socialisation , but it is obviously a mistake to restrict our definition of the concept to a process taking place only in these settings .
so far we have identified specific group agencies of socialisation , but it is obviously a mistake to [limit] our definition of the concept to a process taking place only in these settings .

Such a strategy , says Parkin , is adopted by professions like law and medicine , where long periods of training , very often only marginally relevant or even unnecessary to the actual performance of the job , restrict the numbers of those prepared , or able to afford , to forgo the rewards of an occupation for a long period .
such a strategy , says parkin , is adopted by professions like law and medicine , where long periods of training , very often only marginally relevant or even unnecessary to the actual performance of the job , [limit] the numbers of those prepared , or able to afford , to forgo the rewards of an occupation for a long period .

The United States aimed to prevent the Russians from occupying the whole of Korea through reaching a diplomatic agreement with Moscow to restrict Soviet occupation to the northern part of the peninsula .
the united states aimed to prevent the russians from occupying the whole of korea through reaching a diplomatic agreement with moscow to [limit] soviet occupation to the northern part of the peninsula .

Without doubt , the late Victorian and Edwardian gangs did not restrict themselves to fist fights or kicking contests .
without doubt , the late victorian and edwardian gangs did not [limit] themselves to fist fights or kicking contests .

Such a view took account of the fact that war was likely to hurt some ; for that reason every effort must be made to restrict it .
such a view took account of the fact that war was likely to hurt some ; for that reason every effort must be made to [limit] it .

Both , in the end , restrict calories , but each suits different lifestyles .
both , in the end , [limit] calories , but each suits different lifestyles .

Given this numerical limit and the need to interview users as far removed from the known sector as practicable , it was also decided to restrict the number of referrals from each informant in the chain to two .
given this numerical limit and the need to interview users as far removed from the known sector as practicable , it was also decided to [limit] the number of referrals from each informant in the chain to two .

Data from the health and lifestyle survey indicate that for those aged 65 — 74 43 per cent of men and 39 per cent of women with a chronic health problem report that it does not restrict their activities , or handicap them .
data from the health and lifestyle survey indicate that for those aged 65 — 74 43 per cent of men and 39 per cent of women with a chronic health problem report that it does not [limit] their activities , or handicap them .

They can then be spared the basic unreality of young people triumphing in circumstances too much for their capacities as well as the inevitable thinness of emotional experience which is bound to restrict the scope of an author wanting to draw characters in the round rather than stereotypes .
they can then be spared the basic unreality of young people triumphing in circumstances too much for their capacities as well as the inevitable thinness of emotional experience which is bound to [limit] the scope of an author wanting to draw characters in the round rather than stereotypes .

In 1975 a steel fence was added on the visiting supporters ' side of the corridor to further restrict access between the two halves .
in 1975 a steel fence was added on the visiting supporters ' side of the corridor to further [limit] access between the two halves .

While deregulation refers to the breaking down of barriers that inhibit competition , impede efficiency , and restrict consumer choice , governments nonetheless acknowledge that some policy goals are too important to be left to heavily market orientated deregulatory processes .
while deregulation refers to the breaking down of barriers that inhibit competition , impede efficiency , and [limit] consumer choice , governments nonetheless acknowledge that some policy goals are too important to be left to heavily market orientated deregulatory processes .

Core Rule 28 may be thought to restrict the firm 's business unduly .
core rule 28 may be thought to [limit] the firm 's business unduly .

Millett basically dismisses the activities which have tended to dominate women 's lives as ‘ infantilising ’ , because they restrict women to the level , she argues , of the merely biological , and do not allow them to enter upon the ‘ fully human ’ activities which have been the province of men .
millett basically dismisses the activities which have tended to dominate women 's lives as ‘ infantilising ’ , because they [limit] women to the level , she argues , of the merely biological , and do not allow them to enter upon the ‘ fully human ’ activities which have been the province of men .

Each circuit can feed up to 12 lighting points , but in practice it is wise to restrict this to a maximum of eight , to allow for some to contain more than one bulb .
each circuit can feed up to 12 lighting points , but in practice it is wise to [limit] this to a maximum of eight , to allow for some to contain more than one bulb .

During the small group discussions , most men confirmed that they would like to make love more often and that it is their partners who restrict how often it occurs .
during the small group discussions , most men confirmed that they would like to make love more often and that it is their partners who [limit] how often it occurs .

In addition , the banks claimed that the authorities ' monetary measures — particularly prior to 1964 — tended to restrict mainly the clearing banks , whereas other financial intermediaries ( secondary banks , building societies , insurance companies , etc . )
in addition , the banks claimed that the authorities ' monetary measures — particularly prior to 1964 — tended to [limit] mainly the clearing banks , whereas other financial intermediaries ( secondary banks , building societies , insurance companies , etc . )

‘ The existing manlifts were all equipped with a straight boom which tended to restrict their deployment to peripheral locations , ’ he said .
‘ the existing manlifts were all equipped with a straight boom which tended to [limit] their deployment to peripheral locations , ’ he said .

The system will be effective in deployment of resources , economical in the demands made on those to whom it is applied and free of practices or procedures which restrict access or opportunity .
the system will be effective in deployment of resources , economical in the demands made on those to whom it is applied and free of practices or procedures which [limit] access or opportunity .

This endorsement should be applied where it is necessary to restrict the cover to furniture , furnishings and household appliances .
this endorsement should be applied where it is necessary to [limit] the cover to furniture , furnishings and household appliances .

Craft unions restrict their membership to workers who have a certain trade e.g .
craft unions [limit] their membership to workers who have a certain trade e.g .

Restrict the total to 100
[limit] the total to 100

However , unless we identify the drivers who have not yet been on the training courses , and ensure their attendance at sessions at an early date , we will have to restrict Taxicard work to those drivers who have already attended the training , in order to fulfil our assurance to Taxicard holders that participating drivers have undergone this training .
however , unless we identify the drivers who have not yet been on the training courses , and ensure their attendance at sessions at an early date , we will have to [limit] taxicard work to those drivers who have already attended the training , in order to fulfil our assurance to taxicard holders that participating drivers have undergone this training .

The hostility against the culture which forces the individual to restrict his libidinal and aggressive drives has grown , although the repression of drives is diminished .
the hostility against the culture which forces the individual to [limit] his libidinal and aggressive drives has grown , although the repression of drives is diminished .

If we restrict our attention solely to the twentieth century , it is notable that the two most important and traumatic socialist revolutions , that in Russia in 1917 and that in Germany during the Nazi era , whilst being the creation of particular political leaders who soon imposed total state power , nevertheless drew what popular support they had from political myths that are obvious paranoid projections .
if we [limit] our attention solely to the twentieth century , it is notable that the two most important and traumatic socialist revolutions , that in russia in 1917 and that in germany during the nazi era , whilst being the creation of particular political leaders who soon imposed total state power , nevertheless drew what popular support they had from political myths that are obvious paranoid projections .

‘ Legislatures in France , Germany and Britain do not initiate legislation to any significant degree , they are peripherally involved in the budgetary process and party cohesion and institutional limitations serve to restrict the scope of powerful scrutiny of executive actions by the legislatures ’ ( Page 1985 , p. 89 ) .
‘ legislatures in france , germany and britain do not initiate legislation to any significant degree , they are peripherally involved in the budgetary process and party cohesion and institutional limitations serve to [limit] the scope of powerful scrutiny of executive actions by the legislatures ’ ( page 1985 , p. 89 ) .

It would therefore seem prudent to restrict the use of topical streptokinase to patients not at risk of myocardial infarction .
it would therefore seem prudent to [limit] the use of topical streptokinase to patients not at risk of myocardial infarction .

Hares , on the other hand , are active in a crepuscular pattern — ie , they restrict their running between their feeding sites to dawn and dusk .
hares , on the other hand , are active in a crepuscular pattern — ie , they [limit] their running between their feeding sites to dawn and dusk .

At Dunstable , where the rebels were townsmen , they tried to restrict freedom of trade to within the borough , whereas the rural Essex rebels had followed precisely the opposite policy , and at Yarmouth the insurgents , drawn from the neighbouring countryside attempted to overthrow the rights of the municipality ( 98 , pp.41 , 108–11 ) .
at dunstable , where the rebels were townsmen , they tried to [limit] freedom of trade to within the borough , whereas the rural essex rebels had followed precisely the opposite policy , and at yarmouth the insurgents , drawn from the neighbouring countryside attempted to overthrow the rights of the municipality ( 98 , pp.41 , 108–11 ) .

The organization of the Council , borrowed from that of the universities , was by ‘ nations ’ ( principally in order to restrict the voting powers of the large number of Italians ) , but the French objected to the English existing as a separate nation from the Germans — significantly in the Arts Faculty at the University of Paris the English and the Germans were included in the same one .
the organization of the council , borrowed from that of the universities , was by ‘ nations ’ ( principally in order to [limit] the voting powers of the large number of italians ) , but the french objected to the english existing as a separate nation from the germans — significantly in the arts faculty at the university of paris the english and the germans were included in the same one .

Canada 's hospitals say the national health system must be radically reformed to restrict more severely the core list of essential services covered by Medicare .
canada 's hospitals say the national health system must be radically reformed to [limit] more severely the core list of essential services covered by medicare .

These shortages will effectively restrict their ability to meet the demand for their products or services .
these shortages will effectively [limit] their ability to meet the demand for their products or services .

The presence of a ‘ module header ’ does not restrict the generality of this definition , since it can be picked out from a very wide range of module contexts .
the presence of a ‘ module header ’ does not [limit] the generality of this definition , since it can be picked out from a very wide range of module contexts .

The Jews came from Central and Eastern Europe to evade persecution in 1848–50 , 1863 and the 1880s , until national legislation was passed in 1905 to restrict the scale of immigration .
the jews came from central and eastern europe to evade persecution in 1848–50 , 1863 and the 1880s , until national legislation was passed in 1905 to [limit] the scale of immigration .

’ They were told to spend a maximum of fifteen minutes on this task and to restrict their accounts to a maximum of half a page .
’ they were told to spend a maximum of fifteen minutes on this task and to [limit] their accounts to a maximum of half a page .

For example , if the client wishes to restrict the contractor to working in specified hours , or to restrict access to parts of the works , the client must expect to pay more .
for example , if the client wishes to [limit] the contractor to working in specified hours , or to [limit] access to parts of the works , the client must expect to pay more .

If possible the client should restrict the introduction of changes in the scope of the works part way through the job except for safety reasons .
if possible the client should [limit] the introduction of changes in the scope of the works part way through the job except for safety reasons .

There are wide-ranging powers to limit or restrict the manufacture and release of a product until the agency concerned is fully convinced of its safety .
there are wide-ranging powers to limit or [limit] the manufacture and release of a product until the agency concerned is fully convinced of its safety .

The Congress had rejected the legislation on May 31 , having already defeated in mid-May the government 's attempt to introduce emergency measures to raise taxes on financial transactions ( to restrict the expansion of credit ) and to cut the wages of public employees covered by statutory job security .
the congress had rejected the legislation on may 31 , having already defeated in mid-may the government 's attempt to introduce emergency measures to raise taxes on financial transactions ( to [limit] the expansion of credit ) and to cut the wages of public employees covered by statutory job security .

They included the immediate retirement of all civil servants at or above retirement age , the suspension of civil servants who were within two years of retirement , a freeze on promotions , overtime and new recruitment , the closure of dozens of government departments and the state Banco Hipotecario Nacional , the imposition of strict controls on the Banco Central to restrict the growth of the money supply , the suspension of export loans and subsidies to industry , the raising of capital taxes and export duties , and the suspension of collective bargaining in the public sector .
they included the immediate retirement of all civil servants at or above retirement age , the suspension of civil servants who were within two years of retirement , a freeze on promotions , overtime and new recruitment , the closure of dozens of government departments and the state banco hipotecario nacional , the imposition of strict controls on the banco central to [limit] the growth of the money supply , the suspension of export loans and subsidies to industry , the raising of capital taxes and export duties , and the suspension of collective bargaining in the public sector .

In March 1990 employers and trade unions accepted a two-year wage agreement sponsored by the government which would restrict rises in incomes to no more than 4 per cent in real terms by the end of 1991 .
in march 1990 employers and trade unions accepted a two-year wage agreement sponsored by the government which would [limit] rises in incomes to no more than 4 per cent in real terms by the end of 1991 .

Vyacheslav Shostakovsky , a Democratic Platform leader , on April 11 denounced the letter as an attempt to restrict political debate ahead of the congress and said that the Platform could not be accused of trying to steer the party off course since that course was still being defined .
vyacheslav shostakovsky , a democratic platform leader , on april 11 denounced the letter as an attempt to [limit] political debate ahead of the congress and said that the platform could not be accused of trying to steer the party off course since that course was still being defined .

This included a 10 per cent devaluation of the kina ( the country 's currency ) , from 1 kina=US $ 1.1631 to 1 kina= $ 1.0493 ; a freeze on credit from banks ; cuts in government expenditure ; and negotiations with the trade union movement to restrict wage increases .
this included a 10 per cent devaluation of the kina ( the country 's currency ) , from 1 kina=us $ 1.1631 to 1 kina= $ 1.0493 ; a freeze on credit from banks ; cuts in government expenditure ; and negotiations with the trade union movement to [limit] wage increases .

The regulations , introduced by Law and Order Minister Adriaan Vlok , gave the police and other security forces wide powers of arrest and detention , but did not restrict the news-gathering activities of the press .
the regulations , introduced by law and order minister adriaan vlok , gave the police and other security forces wide powers of arrest and detention , but did not [limit] the news-gathering activities of the press .

On Dec. 13 , 1989 , the Cabinet approved new immigration laws designed to restrict the number of immigrants from non-EC countries but also to improve the status of the 4,500,000 non-Germans living in West Germany .
on dec. 13 , 1989 , the cabinet approved new immigration laws designed to [limit] the number of immigrants from non-ec countries but also to improve the status of the 4,500,000 non-germans living in west germany .

From the opening of the Convention a number of MPs were determined to restrict the Crown 's revenue as a way of keeping the monarchy more dependent upon Parliament , and the fact that the revenue eventually settled on the Crown in 1690 was deliberately kept well short of anticipated peace-time expenditure has led one historian to conclude that the financial settlement `` created a new type of monarchy `` .
from the opening of the convention a number of mps were determined to [limit] the crown 's revenue as a way of keeping the monarchy more dependent upon parliament , and the fact that the revenue eventually settled on the crown in 1690 was deliberately kept well short of anticipated peace-time expenditure has led one historian to conclude that the financial settlement `` created a new type of monarchy `` .

If so , we should not assume this was a Whig victory ; the policy of using the powers of the purse to restrict the Crown 's independence was pursued not only by radical Whigs , such as Colonel John Birch and William Sacheverell , but also by a significant number of Tories , led by Clarges and Seymour .
if so , we should not assume this was a whig victory ; the policy of using the powers of the purse to [limit] the crown 's independence was pursued not only by radical whigs , such as colonel john birch and william sacheverell , but also by a significant number of tories , led by clarges and seymour .

Between 1695 and 1705 four attempts were made to restrict membership of Parliament to men of landed wealth , in the belief that men of such independent means would be less susceptible to Court bribery , until eventually a Land Qualification Bill was passed in 1711 .
between 1695 and 1705 four attempts were made to [limit] membership of parliament to men of landed wealth , in the belief that men of such independent means would be less susceptible to court bribery , until eventually a land qualification bill was passed in 1711 .

As it happened American efforts to restrict Japanese expansion precipitated the attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941 .
as it happened american efforts to [limit] japanese expansion precipitated the attack on pearl harbor in december 1941 .

Warnings were sent that Britain was determined to restrict Israeli territorial gains .
warnings were sent that britain was determined to [limit] israeli territorial gains .

This suggests that there may be barriers , which , while not restricting entry per se , do restrict the ability of firms to become sizeable participants in the market .
this suggests that there may be barriers , which , while not restricting entry per se , do [limit] the ability of firms to become sizeable participants in the market .

However , for long their cost helped to restrict their number .
however , for long their cost helped to [limit] their number .

They usually include conditional terms and provisions to tie key people into the target business and restrict the actions of sellers .
they usually include conditional terms and provisions to tie key people into the target business and [limit] the actions of sellers .

It is normal to restrict both the amounts involved and the timescale for seeking redress .
it is normal to [limit] both the amounts involved and the timescale for seeking redress .

Conversely , a long period may restrict the purchaser should he wish to make changes to the vendor management team ( either because they do not live up to first impressions or because he wishes to promote them within the enlarged group ) .
conversely , a long period may [limit] the purchaser should he wish to make changes to the vendor management team ( either because they do not live up to first impressions or because he wishes to promote them within the enlarged group ) .

The seller will of course wish to restrict these conditions as far as possible and sometimes the conditions are restricted to events which fundamentally affect the business or value of the offeree and which can not be adequately compensated by an offer of financial or other compensation which the seller may be prepared to make .
the seller will of course wish to [limit] these conditions as far as possible and sometimes the conditions are restricted to events which fundamentally affect the business or value of the offeree and which can not be adequately compensated by an offer of financial or other compensation which the seller may be prepared to make .

( The seller will generally try to restrict this to a warranty of specifically identified information : the acquirer will want a warranty of all information but not if the consequence is that all information is to be treated as a disclosure ) .
( the seller will generally try to [limit] this to a warranty of specifically identified information : the acquirer will want a warranty of all information but not if the consequence is that all information is to be treated as a disclosure ) .

Finally , may we emphasise that this letter is not intended to restrict or otherwise affect the quality of our products or service .
finally , may we emphasise that this letter is not intended to [limit] or otherwise affect the quality of our products or service .

The signing of a confidentiality agreement imposes a significant moral and to some extent legal hurdle on potential purchasers and should therefore effectively restrict disclosure to genuinely interested parties .
the signing of a confidentiality agreement imposes a significant moral and to some extent legal hurdle on potential purchasers and should therefore effectively [limit] disclosure to genuinely interested parties .

In order to restrict the circulation of information memoranda , we require recipients of the memorandum to supply us with a letter confirming that they will treat the information contained therein as strictly private and confidential and will not disclose or otherwise make it available to third party .
in order to [limit] the circulation of information memoranda , we require recipients of the memorandum to supply us with a letter confirming that they will treat the information contained therein as strictly private and confidential and will not disclose or otherwise make it available to third party .

Difficulties of access and physical arrangement restrict their use at present .
difficulties of access and physical arrangement [limit] their use at present .

housing and household types which enhance or restrict leisure opportunities and types of people thus affected ;
housing and household types which enhance or [limit] leisure opportunities and types of people thus affected ;

Lands officers in the Road Service division objected because they claimed the one foot high flower beds could restrict a driver 's vision .
lands officers in the road service division objected because they claimed the one foot high flower beds could [limit] a driver 's vision .

‘ There 's no way these daffodils could possibly restrict a driver 's vision — unless he was six inches high .
‘ there 's no way these daffodils could possibly [limit] a driver 's vision — unless he was six inches high .

Farmer 's commitment to a mainland racing programme will restrict his racing at home to short circuits , when time will permit .
farmer 's commitment to a mainland racing programme will [limit] his racing at home to short circuits , when time will permit .

Motorola 6800 , Intel 8080 ) have instruction cycle times of 1 — 2 us and therefore a software.based closed.loop control would be limited to 25–50 instructions per motor step at high speeds , which would restrict control to simple functions , such as step timing , step counting and phase sequencing .
motorola 6800 , intel 8080 ) have instruction cycle times of 1 — 2 us and therefore a software.based closed.loop control would be limited to 25–50 instructions per motor step at high speeds , which would [limit] control to simple functions , such as step timing , step counting and phase sequencing .

While it would be possible to restrict the use of some of these functions to particular staff , all are within the comprehension of the first time user .
while it would be possible to [limit] the use of some of these functions to particular staff , all are within the comprehension of the first time user .

It is just that modern physicists seem to have more imaginative ways of naming new particles and phenomena — they no longer restrict themselves to Greek ! )
it is just that modern physicists seem to have more imaginative ways of naming new particles and phenomena — they no longer [limit] themselves to greek ! )

Second , that by impeding the market mechanism it may restrict consumer choice .
second , that by impeding the market mechanism it may [limit] consumer choice .

In particular it may claim to restrict or remove the consumer 's ability to bring an action for negligence ( see below ) .
in particular it may claim to [limit] or remove the consumer 's ability to bring an action for negligence ( see below ) .

Now , by virtue of section 5 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 , a clause in a manufacturer 's or distributor 's guarantee can not operate to exclude or restrict the manufacturer 's or distributor 's liability to the consumer .
now , by virtue of section 5 of the unfair contract terms act 1977 , a clause in a manufacturer 's or distributor 's guarantee can not operate to exclude or [limit] the manufacturer 's or distributor 's liability to the consumer .

The 1973 Act was confined to exemption clauses which claimed to exclude or restrict the statutory implied terms relating to title , description , quality and sample ( implied by sections 12–15 of the Sale of Goods Act ) .
the 1973 act was confined to exemption clauses which claimed to exclude or [limit] the statutory implied terms relating to title , description , quality and sample ( implied by sections 12–15 of the sale of goods act ) .

to restrict liability ( e.g. to a maximum amount ) ;
to [limit] liability ( e.g. to a maximum amount ) ;

to restrict the buyer 's remedies ( e.g. to prevent him from rejecting the goods and to confine him to damages for breach of condition ) ;
to [limit] the buyer 's remedies ( e.g. to prevent him from rejecting the goods and to confine him to damages for breach of condition ) ;

to restrict the time within which a remedy may be claimed ( e.g .
to [limit] the time within which a remedy may be claimed ( e.g .

‘ ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of the breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ; ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as the contract term [ i.e .
‘ ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or [limit] any liability of his in respect of the breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ; ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as the contract term [ i.e .

Similarly , if some voters restrict the number of preferences they express , this gives greater influence to those voters who do not restrict their preferences and this tendency may be more marked in one party than another , and thus affect proportionality .
similarly , if some voters [limit] the number of preferences they express , this gives greater influence to those voters who do not [limit] their preferences and this tendency may be more marked in one party than another , and thus affect proportionality .

‘ It is now clear that the powers the Lord Chancellor was granted under the Legal Aid Act are wider than anyone had previously thought and that he can restrict access to justice simply by cutting or restricting lawyers ’ fees .
‘ it is now clear that the powers the lord chancellor was granted under the legal aid act are wider than anyone had previously thought and that he can [limit] access to justice simply by cutting or restricting lawyers ’ fees .

The Law Society has also taken proceedings against the Government on its decision to restrict legal aid eligibility .
the law society has also taken proceedings against the government on its decision to [limit] legal aid eligibility .

They are also assigned or denied privileges to limit the types of access open to them — this can restrict access to particular directories or prevent users deleting files .
they are also assigned or denied privileges to limit the types of access open to them — this can [limit] access to particular directories or prevent users deleting files .

If we restrict ourselves to products with serious and substantial information content , our focus in the computer software sector is largely on educational markets .
if we [limit] ourselves to products with serious and substantial information content , our focus in the computer software sector is largely on educational markets .

Some of the company strengths and weaknesses emerging in discussion with marketing and other functions will have already acted to restrict these opportunities .
some of the company strengths and weaknesses emerging in discussion with marketing and other functions will have already acted to [limit] these opportunities .

The system should not in any way restrict the contribution of any of the members of the team ; it should enhance their efforts by providing routine channels for the routine aspects of their activities , so that they are not obliged to devote intellectual effort to them .
the system should not in any way [limit] the contribution of any of the members of the team ; it should enhance their efforts by providing routine channels for the routine aspects of their activities , so that they are not obliged to devote intellectual effort to them .

We are Disabled not by impairment but by a range of discriminatory practices which remove or restrict our abilities and limit our opportunities .
we are disabled not by impairment but by a range of discriminatory practices which remove or [limit] our abilities and limit our opportunities .

In deciding whether or not to drive your car during the rush hour , you think about the cost of petrol and the time of the journey . Do you slow other people down by driving in the rush hour ? Is this an externality ? Does this mean that too many or too few people drive cars in the rush hour ? Would it make sense for city authorities to restrict commuter parking in cities during the day ?
in deciding whether or not to drive your car during the rush hour , you think about the cost of petrol and the time of the journey . do you slow other people down by driving in the rush hour ? is this an externality ? does this mean that too many or too few people drive cars in the rush hour ? would it make sense for city authorities to [limit] commuter parking in cities during the day ?

We will shortly examine the policies which have been adopted to restrict the degree of monopoly power exercised by large firms .
we will shortly examine the policies which have been adopted to [limit] the degree of monopoly power exercised by large firms .

The merged company is likely to restrict output and increase prices , providing private profits but a dead-weight burden to society as a whole .
the merged company is likely to [limit] output and increase prices , providing private profits but a dead-weight burden to society as a whole .

Now they restrict cattle to the 14-hectare hillside plot which they 've had since 1979 — and from which they used to scrape a living of maize and beans before they invaded the valley-bottom land at La Colorada .
now they [limit] cattle to the 14-hectare hillside plot which they 've had since 1979 — and from which they used to scrape a living of maize and beans before they invaded the valley-bottom land at la colorada .

Many of the proposed options , particularly those advanced by the Keep Sunday Special campaign , would continue to restrict Sunday trading by a class or list of goods .
many of the proposed options , particularly those advanced by the keep sunday special campaign , would continue to [limit] sunday trading by a class or list of goods .

Is the Home Secretary aware of the legal opinion that to restrict access to legal advice and representation in asylum and immigration matters may be a breach of the law ? Will he instruct his Ministers to stop trying to bribe and blackmail the United Kingdom Immigrants Advisory Service , which does not wish to collude in the Government 's plans to pander to Essex man by restricting the longstanding traditional rights of people fleeing violence and persecution to seek refuge in this country ?
is the home secretary aware of the legal opinion that to [limit] access to legal advice and representation in asylum and immigration matters may be a breach of the law ? will he instruct his ministers to stop trying to bribe and blackmail the united kingdom immigrants advisory service , which does not wish to collude in the government 's plans to pander to essex man by restricting the longstanding traditional rights of people fleeing violence and persecution to seek refuge in this country ?

To ask the Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food if he will make a statement on European Community proposals to restrict the availability of dietary supplements .
to ask the minister of agriculture , fisheries and food if he will make a statement on european community proposals to [limit] the availability of dietary supplements .

Does my hon. Friend agree that the proposals , as attacked by civil engineers , would be a restrictive practice and would restrict the flexibility of the construction industry ?
does my hon. friend agree that the proposals , as attacked by civil engineers , would be a restrictive practice and would [limit] the flexibility of the construction industry ?

Would not the proposals restrict jobs , cause inefficiency and , with the minimum wage proposals , be very damaging to industry ?
would not the proposals [limit] jobs , cause inefficiency and , with the minimum wage proposals , be very damaging to industry ?

Will the Labour party shut down the new gas-fired generating stations , break those contracts and lay off the men ? Will it restrict the use of the electricity interconnectors to France and Scotland ?
will the labour party shut down the new gas-fired generating stations , break those contracts and lay off the men ? will it [limit] the use of the electricity interconnectors to france and scotland ?

Our experience of the way modern states exert control , restrict expression , manipulate language , has prompted us to search the past to see what similarities and differences existed from our own experience .
our experience of the way modern states exert control , [limit] expression , manipulate language , has prompted us to search the past to see what similarities and differences existed from our own experience .

We should distinguish between Ben Jonson 's desire to confirm his authority over his Workes — collecting and seeing texts through the press , attempting to control what was ascribed to him and how these texts were to be viewed , even trying to restrict his readership — and circumstances where such authorial interventions are absent .
we should distinguish between ben jonson 's desire to confirm his authority over his workes — collecting and seeing texts through the press , attempting to control what was ascribed to him and how these texts were to be viewed , even trying to [limit] his readership — and circumstances where such authorial interventions are absent .

Firms can collude to fix prices , to restrict sales outlets , to enforce tie-in sales or refrain from advertising , to mention just some of the restrictive practices by which firms and labour organizations reduce competition between existing sellers and erect barriers to entry from new competition .
firms can collude to fix prices , to [limit] sales outlets , to enforce tie-in sales or refrain from advertising , to mention just some of the restrictive practices by which firms and labour organizations reduce competition between existing sellers and erect barriers to entry from new competition .

It is in the interests of particular groups of buyers and sellers to restrict competition between themselves .
it is in the interests of particular groups of buyers and sellers to [limit] competition between themselves .

Protracted bargaining , Williamson argues , is less likely for three reasons : people feel part of a unified organization , and so are less inclined to argue ; management has the right to demand information from workers in the organization , and therefore can restrict opportunism ; and , ultimately , management can use its authority to guillotine any dispute that threatens to be prolonged .
protracted bargaining , williamson argues , is less likely for three reasons : people feel part of a unified organization , and so are less inclined to argue ; management has the right to demand information from workers in the organization , and therefore can [limit] opportunism ; and , ultimately , management can use its authority to guillotine any dispute that threatens to be prolonged .

Unlike stopvalves , gatevalves only slightly restrict the flow when the valve is opened , so are fitted typically to the cold supply pipes leading from the cold water cistern where the water pressure is lower .
unlike stopvalves , gatevalves only slightly [limit] the flow when the valve is opened , so are fitted typically to the cold supply pipes leading from the cold water cistern where the water pressure is lower .

Here we need to pay attention to two aspects : first , the obstacles which have been placed , and are continually placed , in the way of such participation in practice ; and second , the reinterpretations of democracy , within political sociology as well as in political doctrines , which seek deliberately to restrict its scope .
here we need to pay attention to two aspects : first , the obstacles which have been placed , and are continually placed , in the way of such participation in practice ; and second , the reinterpretations of democracy , within political sociology as well as in political doctrines , which seek deliberately to [limit] its scope .

But the use of violence to restrict democracy , though it is still very prevalent in some regions of the world , is far from being the only means by which such limitations are imposed .
but the use of violence to [limit] democracy , though it is still very prevalent in some regions of the world , is far from being the only means by which such limitations are imposed .

In the case of majority voting , we have already seen one line of approach — to restrict the range of preferences .
in the case of majority voting , we have already seen one line of approach — to [limit] the range of preferences .

Other attempts to restrict preferences of voters seem equally to have had limited success .
other attempts to [limit] preferences of voters seem equally to have had limited success .

Even if we restrict the process to include only lagged values of s and f , it is highly likely that longer lags in s and f will have an effect on their current values .
even if we [limit] the process to include only lagged values of s and f , it is highly likely that longer lags in s and f will have an effect on their current values .

These restrict some of the conceivable processes whereby excitation could occur , while allowing others to occur with very few restrictions .
these [limit] some of the conceivable processes whereby excitation could occur , while allowing others to occur with very few restrictions .

Thorough cleaning of the sieve meshes is important as retained particles severely restrict the aperture spaces available for grains to pass through .
thorough cleaning of the sieve meshes is important as retained particles severely [limit] the aperture spaces available for grains to pass through .

To them it was essentially an effort , on the whole an unsuccessful one , to restrict and if possible reverse the enormous growth of Britain 's maritime strength and overseas possessions .
to them it was essentially an effort , on the whole an unsuccessful one , to [limit] and if possible reverse the enormous growth of britain 's maritime strength and overseas possessions .

Four common classroom actions that restrict pupils ' mathematical development are outlined below .
four common classroom actions that [limit] pupils ' mathematical development are outlined below .

It should not restrict pupils from searching in other directions .
it should not [limit] pupils from searching in other directions .

If a maintenance agreement includes a provision purporting to restrict any right to apply to a court for an order containing financial arrangements , then —
if a maintenance agreement includes a provision purporting to [limit] any right to apply to a court for an order containing financial arrangements , then —

How might such processes be affected in female readers ' responses to stories about males , which concern traditionally male interests and which frequently exclude them altogether or restrict them to a passive role ?
how might such processes be affected in female readers ' responses to stories about males , which concern traditionally male interests and which frequently exclude them altogether or [limit] them to a passive role ?

The fact that subjects answered all questions for each stimulus may have caused them to restrict their interpretation of individual tasks such that there was no overlap between tasks .
the fact that subjects answered all questions for each stimulus may have caused them to [limit] their interpretation of individual tasks such that there was no overlap between tasks .

The examples of ( 10 ) have interesting implications , but we shall restrict ourselves here to those aspects which bear on adjectival grammar ; we take them as confirming evidence that we are justified in following Bolinger and recognizing that certain adjectives qualify another property , qua property , and are not to be assigned , independently , to any entity present in or assumed by the structure of the sentence in which they appear .
the examples of ( 10 ) have interesting implications , but we shall [limit] ourselves here to those aspects which bear on adjectival grammar ; we take them as confirming evidence that we are justified in following bolinger and recognizing that certain adjectives qualify another property , qua property , and are not to be assigned , independently , to any entity present in or assumed by the structure of the sentence in which they appear .

Removed from the bill were provisions to increase the number of crimes punishable by death ; to restrict the appeal process for condemned prisoners ; to ban some categories of semi-automatic weapons ; and to allow appeals against the death sentence on the grounds of racial discrimination .
removed from the bill were provisions to increase the number of crimes punishable by death ; to [limit] the appeal process for condemned prisoners ; to ban some categories of semi-automatic weapons ; and to allow appeals against the death sentence on the grounds of racial discrimination .

In the aftermath of the July 1989 Supreme Court decision undermining the 1973 landmark judgment Roe v. Wade ( the foundation of legalized abortion ) , numerous bills were introduced in more than 40 state legislatures , the majority of which were designed to restrict the availability of abortion [ see pp .
in the aftermath of the july 1989 supreme court decision undermining the 1973 landmark judgment roe v. wade ( the foundation of legalized abortion ) , numerous bills were introduced in more than 40 state legislatures , the majority of which were designed to [limit] the availability of abortion [ see pp .

We must make a choice … We can move toward a nationalized system — which will restrict patient choice in picking a doctor and force the government to ration services arbitrarily — and what we 'll get is patients in long lines , indifferent service , and a huge new tax burden .
we must make a choice … we can move toward a nationalized system — which will [limit] patient choice in picking a doctor and force the government to ration services arbitrarily — and what we 'll get is patients in long lines , indifferent service , and a huge new tax burden .

The law , which was the first in post-war Italy to restrict the right to strike , required public service employees to give a minimum number of days ' notice of intended strikes and to guarantee essential services .
the law , which was the first in post-war italy to [limit] the right to strike , required public service employees to give a minimum number of days ' notice of intended strikes and to guarantee essential services .

On June 21 , parliament passed the Internal Security and Intimidation Bill to reform the 1982 Internal Security Act under which the government had powers to ban organizations , to restrict publications and individuals , and to detain terrorism suspects without trial .
on june 21 , parliament passed the internal security and intimidation bill to reform the 1982 internal security act under which the government had powers to ban organizations , to [limit] publications and individuals , and to detain terrorism suspects without trial .

Under martial law , large public meetings and political activity had been banned and the government had broad powers to restrict freedom of speech and of the press .
under martial law , large public meetings and political activity had been banned and the government had broad powers to [limit] freedom of speech and of the press .

The National Assembly on Oct. 15 approved legislation to restrict illegal immigration by heavily penalizing employers who employed illegal immigrants , and guides who brought them over French borders .
the national assembly on oct. 15 approved legislation to [limit] illegal immigration by heavily penalizing employers who employed illegal immigrants , and guides who brought them over french borders .

It was widely felt that Théodore , a bitter critic of Aristide who wished severely to restrict his future powers , was not guaranteed to be acceptable to the army or business sectors which were not expected easily to drop their opposition to Aristide 's return .
it was widely felt that théodore , a bitter critic of aristide who wished severely to [limit] his future powers , was not guaranteed to be acceptable to the army or business sectors which were not expected easily to drop their opposition to aristide 's return .

In November 1990 Parliament had approved new legislation which the government said was intended to ensure religious harmony , despite criticism from opposition parties that the law would in practice restrict religious freedoms and suppress dissent .
in november 1990 parliament had approved new legislation which the government said was intended to ensure religious harmony , despite criticism from opposition parties that the law would in practice [limit] religious freedoms and suppress dissent .

Namaliu rode out the protest and was successful in seeing through an initial parliamentary vote on a constitutional reform which would restrict the number of votes of no confidence .
namaliu rode out the protest and was successful in seeing through an initial parliamentary vote on a constitutional reform which would [limit] the number of votes of no confidence .

The newly established conservative majority on the Supreme Court had undermined Roe in 1989 [ see p. 36809 ] , since when numerous pieces of legislation had been enacted in individual states to restrict or eliminate access to abortions .
the newly established conservative majority on the supreme court had undermined roe in 1989 [ see p. 36809 ] , since when numerous pieces of legislation had been enacted in individual states to [limit] or eliminate access to abortions .

Agreement to restrict toxic waste movements
agreement to [limit] toxic waste movements

On Oct. 15 the Bundestag voted by 364 to 24 with two abstentions in favour of altering Article 16 of the Basic Law ( constitution ) to restrict the right to asylum for `` persons persecuted on political grounds `` .
on oct. 15 the bundestag voted by 364 to 24 with two abstentions in favour of altering article 16 of the basic law ( constitution ) to [limit] the right to asylum for `` persons persecuted on political grounds `` .

All commercial banks were forced to restrict cash withdrawals from April 20 as a result of a shortage of banknotes .
all commercial banks were forced to [limit] cash withdrawals from april 20 as a result of a shortage of banknotes .

As the fall in share prices reduced the effective value of these portfolios , the banks had been obliged in effect to restrict the volume of their new lending .
as the fall in share prices reduced the effective value of these portfolios , the banks had been obliged in effect to [limit] the volume of their new lending .

The Maryland legislation was symptomatic of the continuing national debate over abortion , and the uncertainty surrounding the future of Roe v. Wade since the Supreme Court 's decision in July 1989 undermining that ruling by enabling states to restrict access to abortion [ see pp .
the maryland legislation was symptomatic of the continuing national debate over abortion , and the uncertainty surrounding the future of roe v. wade since the supreme court 's decision in july 1989 undermining that ruling by enabling states to [limit] access to abortion [ see pp .

Presenting it on Jan. 23 , Prime Minister Dimitur Popov complained that time wasted on partisan arguments about reforms during 1990 meant that the government would have to `` pursue a considerably more severe budget policy , maintain higher interest rates , and restrict incomes to a greater degree than in other countries `` .
presenting it on jan. 23 , prime minister dimitur popov complained that time wasted on partisan arguments about reforms during 1990 meant that the government would have to `` pursue a considerably more severe budget policy , maintain higher interest rates , and [limit] incomes to a greater degree than in other countries `` .

Not only is the professional designer faced with a wide variety of hygiene regulations , but in many cases fire officers disagree as to exactly how the fire risk which is inherent within any working kitchen can best be minimised . Other than restricting the kitchen to salad preparation , there is no other clear-cut answer , and if all restaurants were to offer only salads , surely that would antagonise the Vegetable Liberation Front and severly restrict turnover and profit !
not only is the professional designer faced with a wide variety of hygiene regulations , but in many cases fire officers disagree as to exactly how the fire risk which is inherent within any working kitchen can best be minimised . other than restricting the kitchen to salad preparation , there is no other clear-cut answer , and if all restaurants were to offer only salads , surely that would antagonise the vegetable liberation front and severly [limit] turnover and profit !

The Caribbean — even if we restrict our focus of interest to the formerly British parts — is not linguistically homogeneous .
the caribbean — even if we [limit] our focus of interest to the formerly british parts — is not linguistically homogeneous .

The House of Lords applied the but for test to restrict the defendant 's liability for loss of earnings to the period before the onset of the disease .
the house of lords applied the but for test to [limit] the defendant 's liability for loss of earnings to the period before the onset of the disease .

Policy factors which restrict liability in negligence cases do not apply in intentional torts .
policy factors which [limit] liability in negligence cases do not apply in intentional torts .

This section operates where the clause attempts to exclude or restrict business liability as defined in s. 1 ( 3 ) .
this section operates where the clause attempts to exclude or [limit] business liability as defined in s. 1 ( 3 ) .

Section 2(1) will operate to defeat any attempt to exclude or restrict liability for death or personal injuries caused by negligence .
section 2(1) will operate to defeat any attempt to exclude or [limit] liability for death or personal injuries caused by negligence .

Section 2(3) states : " Where a contract term or notice purports to exclude or restrict liability for negligence a person 's agreement to or awareness of it is not of itself to be taken as indicating his voluntary acceptance of any risk . "
section 2(3) states : " where a contract term or notice purports to exclude or [limit] liability for negligence a person 's agreement to or awareness of it is not of itself to be taken as indicating his voluntary acceptance of any risk . "

( c ) Exclusion Section 2(1) states : An occupier of premises owes the same duty , the " common duty of care " to all his visitors , except in so far as he is free to and does extend , restrict , modify or exclude his duty to any visitor or visitors by agreement or otherwise .
( c ) exclusion section 2(1) states : an occupier of premises owes the same duty , the " common duty of care " to all his visitors , except in so far as he is free to and does extend , [limit] , modify or exclude his duty to any visitor or visitors by agreement or otherwise .

Even more damaging to the larger cause of Europe were de Gaulle 's continuing efforts to restrict supranational integration .
even more damaging to the larger cause of europe were de gaulle 's continuing efforts to [limit] supranational integration .

There are also trading barriers such as a lack of detailed marketing and distribution and other sorts of business information , which could restrict the ability of companies to conduct cross-frontier operations .
there are also trading barriers such as a lack of detailed marketing and distribution and other sorts of business information , which could [limit] the ability of companies to conduct cross-frontier operations .

This is not to deny that questions of income distribution are important , but they do not concern us here , and so we restrict ourselves to `` baking the biggest cake `` .
this is not to deny that questions of income distribution are important , but they do not concern us here , and so we [limit] ourselves to `` baking the biggest cake `` .

While the ability of organised skilled workers to restrict entry to their trade and to develop defensive strategies probably means their wages rose more sharply when the economy turned up , and fell less quickly on the downturns , this would have the effect of flattening fluctuations rather than of misdirecting trends .
while the ability of organised skilled workers to [limit] entry to their trade and to develop defensive strategies probably means their wages rose more sharply when the economy turned up , and fell less quickly on the downturns , this would have the effect of flattening fluctuations rather than of misdirecting trends .

Government attempts to restrict the sale of gin in 1736 are usually considered to have been behind disturbances in that year , but these also involved the resentment of building workers and weavers at being displaced from employment by the cheaper Irish .
government attempts to [limit] the sale of gin in 1736 are usually considered to have been behind disturbances in that year , but these also involved the resentment of building workers and weavers at being displaced from employment by the cheaper irish .

Although the defendant programmer would not be allowed simply to copy the programs in question , he would not be required to `` wipe clean the slate of his memory `` because to do so would unduly restrict his use of his own training , skill and experience .
although the defendant programmer would not be allowed simply to copy the programs in question , he would not be required to `` wipe clean the slate of his memory `` because to do so would unduly [limit] his use of his own training , skill and experience .

The same fate will await any terms which restrict the ex-employee 's future employment prospects to any great extent ; for example , a term which states that a computer programmer can not work for computer software companies in the United Kingdom for five years following the termination of his employment .
the same fate will await any terms which [limit] the ex-employee 's future employment prospects to any great extent ; for example , a term which states that a computer programmer can not work for computer software companies in the united kingdom for five years following the termination of his employment .

Sections 2 to 4 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act apply to contractual terms or notices which attempt to exclude or restrict liability for negligence and breach of contract .
sections 2 to 4 of the unfair contract terms act apply to contractual terms or notices which attempt to exclude or [limit] liability for negligence and breach of contract .

Section 8 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act provides that a clause in a contract which purports to exclude or restrict liability for misrepresentation will only be effective if it satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
section 8 of the unfair contract terms act provides that a clause in a contract which purports to exclude or [limit] liability for misrepresentation will only be effective if it satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

Any member state may also restrict the choice of model available .
any member state may also [limit] the choice of model available .

So we are sorry that we must restrict admittance to handicapped persons able to walk .
so we are sorry that we must [limit] admittance to handicapped persons able to walk .

‘ When they go onto these so-called new diets , people tend to lose weight because they automatically restrict themselves without realising they ought to be eating more bread , cereals , fruit and vegetables .
‘ when they go onto these so-called new diets , people tend to lose weight because they automatically [limit] themselves without realising they ought to be eating more bread , cereals , fruit and vegetables .

Users looking for information on a particular subject did not restrict their consultation to the subject portion of the catalogue .
users looking for information on a particular subject did not [limit] their consultation to the subject portion of the catalogue .

You 're right in not wanting to restrict drinks or to start ‘ lifting ’ .
you 're right in not wanting to [limit] drinks or to start ‘ lifting ’ .

Having taken a look at the nature of , and influences upon , options , we can now examine the investment strategies which may be created using traded options . If we restrict ourselves to puts and calls on a single security there are 4 simple types of investment strategy to look at :
having taken a look at the nature of , and influences upon , options , we can now examine the investment strategies which may be created using traded options . if we [limit] ourselves to puts and calls on a single security there are 4 simple types of investment strategy to look at :

Where such a step-by-step approach is not appropriate , and it does restrict the contractor 's freedom to use his own judgement in areas where he may be better informed than his customer , an approach that divides risk and reward on a reasonably equitable basis between customer and contractor may be a useful option .
where such a step-by-step approach is not appropriate , and it does [limit] the contractor 's freedom to use his own judgement in areas where he may be better informed than his customer , an approach that divides risk and reward on a reasonably equitable basis between customer and contractor may be a useful option .

Clarke denies that ‘ firm ’ drug budgets will restrict doctors
clarke denies that ‘ firm ’ drug budgets will [limit] doctors

But they include various agreeable academic posts such as the mastership of Trinity College , Cambridge , regius professorships , the boards of most of the great museums and galleries , and the deans of cathedrals ( when it comes to bishops , changes introduced during the Callaghan premiership restrict the prime minister 's choice to two names , submitted by a Church of England committee ) .
but they include various agreeable academic posts such as the mastership of trinity college , cambridge , regius professorships , the boards of most of the great museums and galleries , and the deans of cathedrals ( when it comes to bishops , changes introduced during the callaghan premiership [limit] the prime minister 's choice to two names , submitted by a church of england committee ) .

Difficulties only arise when dieters get it into their heads that only a certain source of protein is acceptable and therefore restrict the overall range .
difficulties only arise when dieters get it into their heads that only a certain source of protein is acceptable and therefore [limit] the overall range .

The tendency in the past has been to restrict or cut down on plant proteins and increase animal protein in the diet .
the tendency in the past has been to [limit] or cut down on plant proteins and increase animal protein in the diet .

Restrict the locations in which you keep food ( there is no need for food in bedrooms , food in your pockets , or in your handbag , for example ) .
[limit] the locations in which you keep food ( there is no need for food in bedrooms , food in your pockets , or in your handbag , for example ) .

Restrict the number of snacks on sugary items ( the odd sweet or biscuit ; chocolate ; cake ) to five times per day .
[limit] the number of snacks on sugary items ( the odd sweet or biscuit ; chocolate ; cake ) to five times per day .

Restrict sugary snacks to four times per day .
[limit] sugary snacks to four times per day .

In 1978 they already expected the measures , not announced until 1981 , to restrict quantities of money held by individuals .
in 1978 they already expected the measures , not announced until 1981 , to [limit] quantities of money held by individuals .

Last year a bonanza of foreign capital attracted by interest rates of more than 18 p.c. poured $6 billion into Portugal , equivalent to 8 p.c. of gross domestic product , and forced the country to slam on the brakes and restrict foreign purchases of escudo investments .
last year a bonanza of foreign capital attracted by interest rates of more than 18 p.c. poured $6 billion into portugal , equivalent to 8 p.c. of gross domestic product , and forced the country to slam on the brakes and [limit] foreign purchases of escudo investments .

We have seen that the rule against perpetuities is designed to regulate or to prevent practices which would restrict the free alienation of land .
we have seen that the rule against perpetuities is designed to regulate or to prevent practices which would [limit] the free alienation of land .

Laws have been passed to restrict the use of the ‘ rolling hook ' ’ fishing method , in which groups of large unbaited hooks are placed on the river bed , with the intention of impaling large catfish .
laws have been passed to [limit] the use of the ‘ rolling hook ' ’ fishing method , in which groups of large unbaited hooks are placed on the river bed , with the intention of impaling large catfish .

In saying that our senses restrict us to appearances and that therefore we know nothing , they would mistakenly be supposing that knowledge is exclusively knowledge of necessary causes and inner natures .
in saying that our senses [limit] us to appearances and that therefore we know nothing , they would mistakenly be supposing that knowledge is exclusively knowledge of necessary causes and inner natures .

It would clearly be wrong to restrict all imports from a country which broke one particular environmental agreement .
it would clearly be wrong to [limit] all imports from a country which broke one particular environmental agreement .

Without more water , Georgians reply , their state will have to restrict growth , costing it 680,000 jobs and $ 127 billion in wages by 2010 .
without more water , georgians reply , their state will have to [limit] growth , costing it 680,000 jobs and $ 127 billion in wages by 2010 .

The funds do not , in practice , restrict themselves to big companies .
the funds do not , in practice , [limit] themselves to big companies .

Perhaps it might make more sense to restrict people to a fixed number of pets .
perhaps it might make more sense to [limit] people to a fixed number of pets .

In fact , their relations with the parties they serve sharply restrict their ability to tackle controversial topics .
in fact , their relations with the parties they serve sharply [limit] their ability to tackle controversial topics .

Turbulence at home , combined with an American decision to restrict Jewish immigrants from the Soviet Union , mean that the stream of emigration is now directed almost exclusively at Israel .
turbulence at home , combined with an american decision to [limit] jewish immigrants from the soviet union , mean that the stream of emigration is now directed almost exclusively at israel .

Staff in the West Midlands agreed yesterday to restrict radio use — the central issue in London — from Wednesday as part of an intensification of action around the country .
staff in the west midlands agreed yesterday to [limit] radio use — the central issue in london — from wednesday as part of an intensification of action around the country .

Mr Ashdown said most projections suggested that on current trends avaerage mileage would drop from 11 mph to 9 mph , yet over 80 per cent of the population favoured sterner measures to restrict vehicle growth .
mr ashdown said most projections suggested that on current trends avaerage mileage would drop from 11 mph to 9 mph , yet over 80 per cent of the population favoured sterner measures to [limit] vehicle growth .

Thick lenses restrict a myopic patient 's field of view .
thick lenses [limit] a myopic patient 's field of view .

In theory , Section 31 of the 1974 Control of Pollution Act gave Water Authorities powers to restrict farming activities in protection zones , but the powers were never used .
in theory , section 31 of the 1974 control of pollution act gave water authorities powers to [limit] farming activities in protection zones , but the powers were never used .

29 of the 89 articles of the constitution deal with limitations on the parliament 's power and ways in which the government can restrict it .
29 of the 89 articles of the constitution deal with limitations on the parliament 's power and ways in which the government can [limit] it .

Such systems fundamentally imply that many teachers should deliberately restrict their level of engagement with children and that the finely woven ( and seamless ) web of human relationships can be rationalised , divided , timetabled and generally routinised to such an extent that it can be systemised ( or bureaucratised ) !
such systems fundamentally imply that many teachers should deliberately [limit] their level of engagement with children and that the finely woven ( and seamless ) web of human relationships can be rationalised , divided , timetabled and generally routinised to such an extent that it can be systemised ( or bureaucratised ) !

The low potential water deficit has resulted in many waterlogged soils having subsoils with anaerobic , reducing conditions which restrict plant rooting depths .
the low potential water deficit has resulted in many waterlogged soils having subsoils with anaerobic , reducing conditions which [limit] plant rooting depths .

The basic solution is first to restrict the flow of water percolating down into the aquifers by planting trees , preferably native species , on the higher ground .
the basic solution is first to [limit] the flow of water percolating down into the aquifers by planting trees , preferably native species , on the higher ground .

The more slopes to a roof , the greater the scope for the unusual , but they can restrict size .
the more slopes to a roof , the greater the scope for the unusual , but they can [limit] size .

And , you will find that paying by Switch does not restrict you to your cheque card limit .
and , you will find that paying by switch does not [limit] you to your cheque card limit .

The need to cut operating costs will restrict the time , energy and financial resources available to promote the hotel .
the need to cut operating costs will [limit] the time , energy and financial resources available to promote the hotel .

Its rules restrict it to lending on property which encourages self-sufficiency , the ecologically efficient use of land and the saving of non-renewable resources .
its rules [limit] it to lending on property which encourages self-sufficiency , the ecologically efficient use of land and the saving of non-renewable resources .

The moral is , restrict your straight punches to the mid-section and land with a fair old thump in order to maximise your chance of scoring .
the moral is , [limit] your straight punches to the mid-section and land with a fair old thump in order to maximise your chance of scoring .

However , he also suggested he would prefer to restrict the use of the concept of ‘ liminality ’ to those ritual periods in small-scale societies which all must pass through , and use the term ‘ liminoid ’ for those anti-structural periods personified by the ‘ counter-culture ’ of the 1960s ( 1978 : 287 ) .
however , he also suggested he would prefer to [limit] the use of the concept of ‘ liminality ’ to those ritual periods in small-scale societies which all must pass through , and use the term ‘ liminoid ’ for those anti-structural periods personified by the ‘ counter-culture ’ of the 1960s ( 1978 : 287 ) .

Opportunities sometimes arise , however , for decorating objects with square or rectangular faces , or where certain considerations of function restrict the extent of possible ornament .
opportunities sometimes arise , however , for decorating objects with square or rectangular faces , or where certain considerations of function [limit] the extent of possible ornament .

Some fixed lens cameras have a maximum and minimum focus , and might restrict the maximum depth you can dive to .
some fixed lens cameras have a maximum and minimum focus , and might [limit] the maximum depth you can dive to .

The extraordinary growth in public commissions , almost all destined for display in niches cut into the walls of huge buildings , increased the existing tendency to restrict viewpoints .
the extraordinary growth in public commissions , almost all destined for display in niches cut into the walls of huge buildings , increased the existing tendency to [limit] viewpoints .

It was also important to restrict access to secondary education .
it was also important to [limit] access to secondary education .

And although turbocharging is proposed , a limiting pop-off valve would restrict power to 400bhp .
and although turbocharging is proposed , a limiting pop-off valve would [limit] power to 400bhp .

Radical proposals to restrict rod licences to those who have passed an angling test have been handed to the Sports Council review panel by the Institute of Fisheries Management .
radical proposals to [limit] rod licences to those who have passed an angling test have been handed to the sports council review panel by the institute of fisheries management .

With an independent , it is vital to restrict the maximum length of the agreement to the shortest time possible .
with an independent , it is vital to [limit] the maximum length of the agreement to the shortest time possible .

However , the publishing business has recently become more competitive and it is now possible for songwriters to restrict the length of the assignment of copyright to what is known as a ‘ retention period ’ .
however , the publishing business has recently become more competitive and it is now possible for songwriters to [limit] the length of the assignment of copyright to what is known as a ‘ retention period ’ .

Straps on the arms and legs could be fastened to restrict your movement .
straps on the arms and legs could be fastened to [limit] your movement .

It is the key to the attempts of General Babangida , Nigerian head of state in 1989 , to restrict to two the number of parties allowed to fight the proposed 1991 general election — in theory in order to prevent excessive faction fighting based on ethnic groups .
it is the key to the attempts of general babangida , nigerian head of state in 1989 , to [limit] to two the number of parties allowed to fight the proposed 1991 general election — in theory in order to prevent excessive faction fighting based on ethnic groups .

It advises the Chancellor to encourage environmentally cleaner cars rather than taxing cars more punitively to restrict their use .
it advises the chancellor to encourage environmentally cleaner cars rather than taxing cars more punitively to [limit] their use .

That would not in any way restrict the paper 's right to print whatever it wished in the rest of the paper .
that would not in any way [limit] the paper 's right to print whatever it wished in the rest of the paper .

Monogamy did not , however , simultaneously restrict the sexual freedom of the men , in spite of a pretence otherwise , since men had nothing to lose through philandering .
monogamy did not , however , simultaneously [limit] the sexual freedom of the men , in spite of a pretence otherwise , since men had nothing to lose through philandering .

In addition , they promote fast-track , prefabricated building techniques that further restrict the architect 's freedom .
in addition , they promote fast-track , prefabricated building techniques that further [limit] the architect 's freedom .

But student attendances after Christmas were appreciably lower , as cars stayed at home and public transport was withdrawn , and several branches decided not to start a spring course at all , or to restrict them in length .
but student attendances after christmas were appreciably lower , as cars stayed at home and public transport was withdrawn , and several branches decided not to start a spring course at all , or to [limit] them in length .

It led to the Parliament Bill which proposed to restrict the power of the Lords , also introducing a limit of five years for the life of any Parliament , and strengthened the position of Mr. Asquith as Prime Minister .
it led to the parliament bill which proposed to [limit] the power of the lords , also introducing a limit of five years for the life of any parliament , and strengthened the position of mr. asquith as prime minister .

Indeed , in so far as knowing the ‘ cause ’ would restrict our reading of the poems , it is the one piece of information we can probably do without .
indeed , in so far as knowing the ‘ cause ’ would [limit] our reading of the poems , it is the one piece of information we can probably do without .

The Supreme Court 's July ruling admitted for the first time in 16 years the right of individual states to restrict abortions during the first six months of pregnancy .
the supreme court 's july ruling admitted for the first time in 16 years the right of individual states to [limit] abortions during the first six months of pregnancy .

Chris Davis , managing director of a Liverpool manufacturing company , said not enough had yet been done to restrict union power .
chris davis , managing director of a liverpool manufacturing company , said not enough had yet been done to [limit] union power .

Several laws have been passed in modern times to restrict dangerous activities and to impose criminal sanctions on citizens who fail to protect themselves against injury — for example , the offences of failing to wear a safety helmet when riding a motor cycle , and failing to wear a safety harness when travelling in the front seat of a car .
several laws have been passed in modern times to [limit] dangerous activities and to impose criminal sanctions on citizens who fail to protect themselves against injury — for example , the offences of failing to wear a safety helmet when riding a motor cycle , and failing to wear a safety harness when travelling in the front seat of a car .

It is quite another thing to suggest that it is therefore proper to place higher burdens of proof on defendants , and to restrict the presentation of the defence .
it is quite another thing to suggest that it is therefore proper to place higher burdens of proof on defendants , and to [limit] the presentation of the defence .

Our discussion this time will restrict itself much more to the two chosen passages , and will need only to take a brief look at a few details of the narratives leading up to them , and at the stories that immediately follow them .
our discussion this time will [limit] itself much more to the two chosen passages , and will need only to take a brief look at a few details of the narratives leading up to them , and at the stories that immediately follow them .

Cleaning the ears is vital — preventing infection , odour and vet 's bills ! Remove excess hair around the ear canal , as this tend to collect wax and restrict fresh air .
cleaning the ears is vital — preventing infection , odour and vet 's bills ! remove excess hair around the ear canal , as this tend to collect wax and [limit] fresh air .

Stocks can restrict or boost vigour and confer disease or frost resistance .
stocks can [limit] or boost vigour and confer disease or frost resistance .

It is often possible to restrict these by cutting into the ground with a spade along the face of the hedge , doing one side at a time in alternate years .
it is often possible to [limit] these by cutting into the ground with a spade along the face of the hedge , doing one side at a time in alternate years .

Dwarfing rootstocks restrict the size and vigour of a tree , so that is fills less space , crops while still young , and can usually be managed from the ground .
dwarfing rootstocks [limit] the size and vigour of a tree , so that is fills less space , crops while still young , and can usually be managed from the ground .

At this time , to minimize the danger of a highly sexual woman , many taboos came into existence to restrict her movement .
at this time , to minimize the danger of a highly sexual woman , many taboos came into existence to [limit] her movement .

The Fijian traditional communal system of livelihood has a tendency to restrict initiative for commercial expansion and development so that there is a need to modify commercial values to meet with the demands of modern commercialism , This , in a nutshell , is what the Yalavou project sets out 10 do . ( Fiji Government 1982 : 71 )
the fijian traditional communal system of livelihood has a tendency to [limit] initiative for commercial expansion and development so that there is a need to modify commercial values to meet with the demands of modern commercialism , this , in a nutshell , is what the yalavou project sets out 10 do . ( fiji government 1982 : 71 )

Although both James and Miller concern themselves with the effects of attaching verbal responses to the cues to be discriminated , there is no reason to restrict the analysis they offer to such responses .
although both james and miller concern themselves with the effects of attaching verbal responses to the cues to be discriminated , there is no reason to [limit] the analysis they offer to such responses .

Mr Yeltsin had planned to leave that to Mr Yegor Gaidar , the architect of the reform programme , and to restrict himself to a general state-of-the-nation address .
mr yeltsin had planned to leave that to mr yegor gaidar , the architect of the reform programme , and to [limit] himself to a general state-of-the-nation address .

They seek to restrict town-based owners to one dog per household and legislate for all puppies to be neutered before being sold .
they seek to [limit] town-based owners to one dog per household and legislate for all puppies to be neutered before being sold .

It is a matter of principle for the Hong Kong government that it should not seek to restrict the numbers leaving , whether directly or by influencing resettlement countries .
it is a matter of principle for the hong kong government that it should not seek to [limit] the numbers leaving , whether directly or by influencing resettlement countries .

He stopped payments to the Fund shortly after taking office in 1985 , as part of a unilateral policy to restrict payments on Peru 's $18billion foreign debt , which stands at 10 per cent of export earnings .
he stopped payments to the fund shortly after taking office in 1985 , as part of a unilateral policy to [limit] payments on peru 's $18billion foreign debt , which stands at 10 per cent of export earnings .

Midland , the only bank to restrict its sending cash abroad service to existing customers , charges £6 on drafts of up to £100 and 0.5 per cent of the sterling value with a minimum charge of £9 over that amount .
midland , the only bank to [limit] its sending cash abroad service to existing customers , charges £6 on drafts of up to £100 and 0.5 per cent of the sterling value with a minimum charge of £9 over that amount .

‘ Everyone should restrict sugar intake generally , ’ he said .
‘ everyone should [limit] sugar intake generally , ’ he said .

Midland , the only bank to restrict its sending cash abroad service to existing customers , charges £6 on drafts of up to £100 and 0.5 per cent of the sterling value with a minimum charge of £9 over that amount .
midland , the only bank to [limit] its sending cash abroad service to existing customers , charges £6 on drafts of up to £100 and 0.5 per cent of the sterling value with a minimum charge of £9 over that amount .

Midland , the only bank to restrict its sending cash abroad service to existing customers , charges £6 on drafts of up to £100 and 0.5 per cent of the sterling value with a minimum charge of £9 over that amount .
midland , the only bank to [limit] its sending cash abroad service to existing customers , charges £6 on drafts of up to £100 and 0.5 per cent of the sterling value with a minimum charge of £9 over that amount .

Solicitors feared the judges ' veto might result in rules limiting their new rights , but the bill lays down a tight framework which will restrict the room for manoeuvre .
solicitors feared the judges ' veto might result in rules limiting their new rights , but the bill lays down a tight framework which will [limit] the room for manoeuvre .

This does nothing , however , to restrict Mr Rupert Murdoch 's ownership of five national newspapers and four channels of Sky Television since Sky is transmitted on a non-UK satellite frequency : a loophole the Government will come under pressure to close .
this does nothing , however , to [limit] mr rupert murdoch 's ownership of five national newspapers and four channels of sky television since sky is transmitted on a non-uk satellite frequency : a loophole the government will come under pressure to close .

restrict the length of any fund raising project to less than one year so that it is completed within the period of office of a committee ;
[limit] the length of any fund raising project to less than one year so that it is completed within the period of office of a committee ;

No , better by far to restrict the creative work to two examples of ‘ Sequin Art ’ made by my two elder daughters , aged eleven and nine .
no , better by far to [limit] the creative work to two examples of ‘ sequin art ’ made by my two elder daughters , aged eleven and nine .

LEAs would not he able to restrict admissions to schools by using artificial admissions limits .
leas would not he able to [limit] admissions to schools by using artificial admissions limits .

Not that it would restrict our investigations ; but the murderer might not know that .
not that it would [limit] our investigations ; but the murderer might not know that .

1 ) establish who is responsible for reinforcing the existing law on sale of tobacco products to children 2 ) increase fines for retailers 3 ) restrict vending machines to over-18s premises 4 ) seek to phase out tobacco-sponsored sports coverage over the next 5 years 5 ) increase the amount spent by the tobacco industry on prevention ( currently 1% )
1 ) establish who is responsible for reinforcing the existing law on sale of tobacco products to children 2 ) increase fines for retailers 3 ) [limit] vending machines to over-18s premises 4 ) seek to phase out tobacco-sponsored sports coverage over the next 5 years 5 ) increase the amount spent by the tobacco industry on prevention ( currently 1% )

Principles of restraint restrict the pursuit of good or valuable goals , they exclude action for valid , sound reasons for action , or they enjoin the government to preserve a state of affairs which there are good reasons to change .
principles of restraint [limit] the pursuit of good or valuable goals , they exclude action for valid , sound reasons for action , or they enjoin the government to preserve a state of affairs which there are good reasons to change .

The horses should learn to accept the contact and the rider teaches the horse to accept the rein aid by adjusting the feel in the rein with the forward riding of his seat and leg aids , the hands control the impulsion created by the seat and leg aids but must also take care not to restrict the forward movement .
the horses should learn to accept the contact and the rider teaches the horse to accept the rein aid by adjusting the feel in the rein with the forward riding of his seat and leg aids , the hands control the impulsion created by the seat and leg aids but must also take care not to [limit] the forward movement .

Dicey allowed that legislation and the common law could restrict liberty .
dicey allowed that legislation and the common law could [limit] liberty .

Thereupon Malone exercised his right of direct access under the Convention , with the first question for the European Court being whether the administrative arrangements in Britain ( which restrict privacy ) were ‘ in accordance with law ’ .
thereupon malone exercised his right of direct access under the convention , with the first question for the european court being whether the administrative arrangements in britain ( which [limit] privacy ) were ‘ in accordance with law ’ .

An attempt was made in Parliament to restrict the power to intercept for security reasons to cases where this was necessary for the defence of the realm or to prevent subversion , terrorism , or espionage — still wider than the guidelines but much closer to their spirit than the statute .
an attempt was made in parliament to [limit] the power to intercept for security reasons to cases where this was necessary for the defence of the realm or to prevent subversion , terrorism , or espionage — still wider than the guidelines but much closer to their spirit than the statute .

During the strike , the police found them to be a useful device with which to restrict the freedom of movement of pickets .
during the strike , the police found them to be a useful device with which to [limit] the freedom of movement of pickets .

There are instrumental teachers who think only a distinction is worth considering and therefore may delay entering candidates , causing them to restrict their repertoire unduly .
there are instrumental teachers who think only a distinction is worth considering and therefore may delay entering candidates , causing them to [limit] their repertoire unduly .

Liberties were conferred on cities , in order that feudal laws should not restrict trade and other important aspects of mercantile power .
liberties were conferred on cities , in order that feudal laws should not [limit] trade and other important aspects of mercantile power .

In the documents there will be covenants and agreements which show your obligations — they usually relate to fences and use of the property , but they may also restrict you in extending or altering the property , define the colour of the front door , forbid you to keep a caravan or boat in the drive , and so on .
in the documents there will be covenants and agreements which show your obligations — they usually relate to fences and use of the property , but they may also [limit] you in extending or altering the property , define the colour of the front door , forbid you to keep a caravan or boat in the drive , and so on .

Specifically , the concentration on the spatial dimension , the grounded location of poverty in certain areas , arose when attempts were being made to restrict the scope of public policy and the extent of public expenditure , to limit its focus to targeted areas .
specifically , the concentration on the spatial dimension , the grounded location of poverty in certain areas , arose when attempts were being made to [limit] the scope of public policy and the extent of public expenditure , to limit its focus to targeted areas .

Those who prefer limited , selective superficial policies exert pressure to restrict the scope of the categories .
those who prefer limited , selective superficial policies exert pressure to [limit] the scope of the categories .

But there is no reason to restrict it to Christmas .
but there is no reason to [limit] it to christmas .

The latter type , the singles groups , are sometimes very successful at fostering friendships because they deliberately restrict membership to a certain category of people — for example , young professionals , graduates , or over-40s .
the latter type , the singles groups , are sometimes very successful at fostering friendships because they deliberately [limit] membership to a certain category of people — for example , young professionals , graduates , or over-40s .

It may make for easier government and public convenience to restrict the tradition of marching and assembling for protest , but it would be a dangerous and a foolish idea to believe that public protest can somehow be laid aside as belonging to a bygone age .
it may make for easier government and public convenience to [limit] the tradition of marching and assembling for protest , but it would be a dangerous and a foolish idea to believe that public protest can somehow be laid aside as belonging to a bygone age .

Nevertheless , the climate of public opinion has moved in the direction of making contraception available , in spite of legislation , which varies from country to country , aiming to restrict various aspects of the practice .
nevertheless , the climate of public opinion has moved in the direction of making contraception available , in spite of legislation , which varies from country to country , aiming to [limit] various aspects of the practice .

And remember to restrict the consumption of red meat to just two helpings a week .
and remember to [limit] the consumption of red meat to just two helpings a week .

Moreover , if the housing market were to weaken , withdrawal of private funds could restrict development .
moreover , if the housing market were to weaken , withdrawal of private funds could [limit] development .

Restrict purchases to fuel and oil only or choose full service
[limit] purchases to fuel and oil only or choose full service

In addition , some workers are members of professional organisations which are able to restrict entry into the profession and so keep salaries high .
in addition , some workers are members of professional organisations which are able to [limit] entry into the profession and so keep salaries high .

Throughout the 1870s the Prussian Lands began to restrict the use of the Polish language by removing it from schools , churches , courts and local government .
throughout the 1870s the prussian lands began to [limit] the use of the polish language by removing it from schools , churches , courts and local government .

How a long-net is used to surround a warren , with one or more nets set internally to subdivide the enclosed area to restrict rabbit movements .
how a long-net is used to surround a warren , with one or more nets set internally to subdivide the enclosed area to [limit] rabbit movements .

Commonly held ideas restrict the social role and status of older people , structure their expectations of themselves , prevent them achieving their potential and deny them equal opportunities .
commonly held ideas [limit] the social role and status of older people , structure their expectations of themselves , prevent them achieving their potential and deny them equal opportunities .

They often restrict their social activities because they can not afford the services or assistance — including transport — which would help them to overcome the restrictions that disability imposes on their lives .
they often [limit] their social activities because they can not afford the services or assistance — including transport — which would help them to overcome the restrictions that disability imposes on their lives .

West Germany , Benelux and Denmark saw relatively little or no benefit to their own agriculture industry and were concerned to restrict the cost of the Directive .
west germany , benelux and denmark saw relatively little or no benefit to their own agriculture industry and were concerned to [limit] the cost of the directive .

In order to retain the one-to-one correspondence , it is appropriate initially to restrict the Bell-Szekeres coordinate x to the range .
in order to retain the one-to-one correspondence , it is appropriate initially to [limit] the bell-szekeres coordinate x to the range .

Research can be carried out at all sorts of levels ; we could restrict ourselves simply to reading everything we can find and produce a piece of work which was wholly based on documentary sources and which did not involve us in attending any baptisms or asking anyone involved any questions .
research can be carried out at all sorts of levels ; we could [limit] ourselves simply to reading everything we can find and produce a piece of work which was wholly based on documentary sources and which did not involve us in attending any baptisms or asking anyone involved any questions .

We find it difficult to know how to obtain samples of families with recent baptisms , so we enlist the help of some local clergy who are interested , and we find that it seems simpler to restrict ourselves to baptism within the Anglican Church , since other baptisms in nonconformist churches and chapels suggest that the parents are of some definite religious following .
we find it difficult to know how to obtain samples of families with recent baptisms , so we enlist the help of some local clergy who are interested , and we find that it seems simpler to [limit] ourselves to baptism within the anglican church , since other baptisms in nonconformist churches and chapels suggest that the parents are of some definite religious following .

Most clairvoyants restrict themselves to the pictures for divination .
most clairvoyants [limit] themselves to the pictures for divination .

It is clearly absurd to try to restrict the teaching of measurement to mathematics , and the teaching of good , clear writing to English .
it is clearly absurd to try to [limit] the teaching of measurement to mathematics , and the teaching of good , clear writing to english .

By referring to ‘ any proceedings brought because of an alleged odour nuisance ’ it is clear that the Department of Environment did not intend to restrict the occasions when adherence to the code of practice may , at the discretion of the court be a relevant consideration .
by referring to ‘ any proceedings brought because of an alleged odour nuisance ’ it is clear that the department of environment did not intend to [limit] the occasions when adherence to the code of practice may , at the discretion of the court be a relevant consideration .

Consequently there appears no reason why regulations could not be included in such an agreement which prevent or restrict odour emissions , particularly as the 1971 Act provides that a local planning authority may take into account the ‘ improvement of the physical environment ’ .
consequently there appears no reason why regulations could not be included in such an agreement which prevent or [limit] odour emissions , particularly as the 1971 act provides that a local planning authority may take into account the ‘ improvement of the physical environment ’ .

Let us consider here just the relationship between the focusing and reasoning components in a system of this general type , and restrict our attention for the moment to the case of one pronoun in a sentence in the absence of any non-anaphoric ambiguity .
let us consider here just the relationship between the focusing and reasoning components in a system of this general type , and [limit] our attention for the moment to the case of one pronoun in a sentence in the absence of any non-anaphoric ambiguity .

You seek to maintain control over people important to you ( ie you restrict their freedom , lay down rigid rules , issue ultimatums , become possessive/unreasonable ) .
you seek to maintain control over people important to you ( ie you [limit] their freedom , lay down rigid rules , issue ultimatums , become possessive/unreasonable ) .

Decisions by associations of undertakings or concerted practices ( which we refer to in this book as ‘ arrangements ’ ) which affect trade between member states and which prevent , restrict or distort competition within the Common Market .
decisions by associations of undertakings or concerted practices ( which we refer to in this book as ‘ arrangements ’ ) which affect trade between member states and which prevent , [limit] or distort competition within the common market .

It recognises that competition is not an end in itself by providing a procedure whereby , although certain agreements or arrangements may prevent , restrict or distort competition , they may none the less improve the production or distribution of goods or promote technical or economic progress to the benefit of consumers .
it recognises that competition is not an end in itself by providing a procedure whereby , although certain agreements or arrangements may prevent , [limit] or distort competition , they may none the less improve the production or distribution of goods or promote technical or economic progress to the benefit of consumers .

Certain types of agreement will seldom if ever qualify for exemption , for example those which restrict competition so as to affect inter-state trade and contain export bans , maintain retail prices or lead to absolute territorial protection of national markets .
certain types of agreement will seldom if ever qualify for exemption , for example those which [limit] competition so as to affect inter-state trade and contain export bans , maintain retail prices or lead to absolute territorial protection of national markets .

Arrangements such as joint market research , and the joint execution of research work up to the stage of industrial application , were stated to be compatible with Article 85 ( 1 ) , provided that participating companies did not restrict their freedom of action .
arrangements such as joint market research , and the joint execution of research work up to the stage of industrial application , were stated to be compatible with article 85 ( 1 ) , provided that participating companies did not [limit] their freedom of action .

To his dismay his weight problem was causing him to become increasingly short of breath and he would soon have to restrict his carnal pleasures .
to his dismay his weight problem was causing him to become increasingly short of breath and he would soon have to [limit] his carnal pleasures .

You can try to restrict the use of written or spoken obscenities , but you can not compel people to think clean .
you can try to [limit] the use of written or spoken obscenities , but you can not compel people to think clean .

They were aware of the danger of individuals being tempted to enter into excessively burdensome commitments , but that was no reason to restrict access to a facility which the vast majority used with discretion .
they were aware of the danger of individuals being tempted to enter into excessively burdensome commitments , but that was no reason to [limit] access to a facility which the vast majority used with discretion .

The means was to restrict the legal provision of credit to those who applied for it and were granted a licence .
the means was to [limit] the legal provision of credit to those who applied for it and were granted a licence .

Yet industrialised countries either ban or tightly restrict the use of these same chemicals .
yet industrialised countries either ban or tightly [limit] the use of these same chemicals .

Acyclovir given intravenously , orally or applied directly at the site of infection can accelerate healing and restrict the spread and recurrence of many herpes infections ( British Medical Journal , 1982 , vol 285 , p 1223 . )
acyclovir given intravenously , orally or applied directly at the site of infection can accelerate healing and [limit] the spread and recurrence of many herpes infections ( british medical journal , 1982 , vol 285 , p 1223 . )

It may be wise , they conclude , to restrict the use of VDUs by pregnant women .
it may be wise , they conclude , to [limit] the use of vdus by pregnant women .

Why restrict programmmes like this to what is still something of a ghetto channel ?
why [limit] programmmes like this to what is still something of a ghetto channel ?

Most Western governments ban or severely restrict the chemical .
most western governments ban or severely [limit] the chemical .

The glare from the smaller lamps will restrict their use to well-screened fittings , probably of the louvre type , with efficient reflectors .
the glare from the smaller lamps will [limit] their use to well-screened fittings , probably of the louvre type , with efficient reflectors .

In both these situations the residual effects of the immune response might restrict the damage caused by the virus sufficiently to allow a persistent infection to be tolerated by the body .
in both these situations the residual effects of the immune response might [limit] the damage caused by the virus sufficiently to allow a persistent infection to be tolerated by the body .

The solitary adults may wander over vaguely defined home ranges , or they may restrict themselves to clearly defined and defended territories .
the solitary adults may wander over vaguely defined home ranges , or they may [limit] themselves to clearly defined and defended territories .

All aim to restrict calorie intake but most allow for one small treat a day , such as a small glass of dry wine or a chocolate biscuit .
all aim to [limit] calorie intake but most allow for one small treat a day , such as a small glass of dry wine or a chocolate biscuit .

They may or may not be articulated in formal jargon or ‘ in languages ’ which restrict their currency and mark off the professional status or their practitioners , as in medicine and the law .
they may or may not be articulated in formal jargon or ‘ in languages ’ which [limit] their currency and mark off the professional status or their practitioners , as in medicine and the law .

p.387 ) draws attention to ‘ the propensity observed in young people to restrict their attention to a small area of a picture ’ .
p.387 ) draws attention to ‘ the propensity observed in young people to [limit] their attention to a small area of a picture ’ .

For example , it may be a local planning authority 's policy to restrict growth in a village , a highly popular policy with the local villagers .
for example , it may be a local planning authority 's policy to [limit] growth in a village , a highly popular policy with the local villagers .

Does it so restrict as effectively to frustrate the actual development permitted ?
does it so [limit] as effectively to frustrate the actual development permitted ?

Restrict yourself to one news bulletin a day , or avoid the news and newspapers altogether .
[limit] yourself to one news bulletin a day , or avoid the news and newspapers altogether .

Those who provide library services should not restrict this access except by standards which are endorsed by law .
those who provide library services should not [limit] this access except by standards which are endorsed by law .

Moreover it recognizes its duty to make such publications accessible to the public at large , and not to restrict access on any grounds other than legal .
moreover it recognizes its duty to make such publications accessible to the public at large , and not to [limit] access on any grounds other than legal .

The Association would call upon all local authorities which have instructed their librarians to restrict or prevent access to materials , either on grounds of personal prejudice or a desire to ‘ protect ’ public morality , to reconsider the principle on which the public service is provided , and to recognize the necessary discretion that their professional staff should be allowed in providing a comprehensive service for users .
the association would call upon all local authorities which have instructed their librarians to [limit] or prevent access to materials , either on grounds of personal prejudice or a desire to ‘ protect ’ public morality , to reconsider the principle on which the public service is provided , and to recognize the necessary discretion that their professional staff should be allowed in providing a comprehensive service for users .

One can appreciate why there may be a deliberate decision to restrict their circulation : these are sensitive matters and whatever policy applies , one group or another will be dissatisfied , perhaps to the extent of taking action against the library ; moreover any decision-making that is laid bare almost always invites debate and dispute .
one can appreciate why there may be a deliberate decision to [limit] their circulation : these are sensitive matters and whatever policy applies , one group or another will be dissatisfied , perhaps to the extent of taking action against the library ; moreover any decision-making that is laid bare almost always invites debate and dispute .

The Director may withdraw or restrict access to the facilities in response to an offence or a suspected offence against these rules or to protect the services .
the director may withdraw or [limit] access to the facilities in response to an offence or a suspected offence against these rules or to protect the services .

Being able to move around is an important part of keeping our independence , but there are many hazards for an old person which can severely restrict this independence .
being able to move around is an important part of keeping our independence , but there are many hazards for an old person which can severely [limit] this independence .

They tend to restrict the causes of criminality to hereditary characteristics and overlook the effects of environmental influences and cultural traditions .
they tend to [limit] the causes of criminality to hereditary characteristics and overlook the effects of environmental influences and cultural traditions .

Moreover , the distance was exaggerated by the educational character of their proposal , which employers recognized would restrict their freedom to use juvenile labour at their own discretion ; and , given employers ' traditional suspicion of further education , they regarded the whole idea as unnecessary , potentially expensive and disruptive of production schedules .
moreover , the distance was exaggerated by the educational character of their proposal , which employers recognized would [limit] their freedom to use juvenile labour at their own discretion ; and , given employers ' traditional suspicion of further education , they regarded the whole idea as unnecessary , potentially expensive and disruptive of production schedules .

First , if specific librarians and information scientists are unable or unwilling ( or both ) to learn about and understand the detailed situations within which the information that they handle will eventually be used , then they should restrict themselves to the more general situation-independent value-adding processes .
first , if specific librarians and information scientists are unable or unwilling ( or both ) to learn about and understand the detailed situations within which the information that they handle will eventually be used , then they should [limit] themselves to the more general situation-independent value-adding processes .

Within the enterprise , we will also assume for the purposes of argument that ‘ Internal Library and Information Centres ’ restrict themselves to acquiring only that external information which is ‘ publicly available ’ .
within the enterprise , we will also assume for the purposes of argument that ‘ internal library and information centres ’ [limit] themselves to acquiring only that external information which is ‘ publicly available ’ .

People within enterprises who are designated to engage in environmental scanning ( and similar ) activities do not of course restrict themselves to that part of the total external information resource that happens to be publicly available at a specific point in time .
people within enterprises who are designated to engage in environmental scanning ( and similar ) activities do not of course [limit] themselves to that part of the total external information resource that happens to be publicly available at a specific point in time .

And , because the majority of librarians and information scientists are unable or unwilling ( or both ) to do this , they should restrict their activities to those areas of value-adding in which they are specifically qualified to practise .
and , because the majority of librarians and information scientists are unable or unwilling ( or both ) to do this , they should [limit] their activities to those areas of value-adding in which they are specifically qualified to practise .

Guideline 5 : Restrict your requests and demands to those that are :
guideline 5 : [limit] your requests and demands to those that are :

It therefore implemented the Rates Act 1984 , which allowed Parliament to restrict local rate revenues .
it therefore implemented the rates act 1984 , which allowed parliament to [limit] local rate revenues .

Cole and Fichtler 1983 , Stohlgren and Parsons 1986 ) have led to the conclusion that the most appropriate management strategy for such wilderness areas is to restrict camping to a few designated sites , where activity can be sustained without excessive damage .
cole and fichtler 1983 , stohlgren and parsons 1986 ) have led to the conclusion that the most appropriate management strategy for such wilderness areas is to [limit] camping to a few designated sites , where activity can be sustained without excessive damage .

Revegetation is particularly limited where intensive erosion has occurred at altitudes above 2200 m above sea-level where harsh climatic factors , as well as disturbance by erosion , restrict revegetation .
revegetation is particularly limited where intensive erosion has occurred at altitudes above 2200 m above sea-level where harsh climatic factors , as well as disturbance by erosion , [limit] revegetation .

If you are , like most people , not very active , restrict energy intake to about 1100kcal a day if you 're a woman , 1400kcal for a man .
if you are , like most people , not very active , [limit] energy intake to about 1100kcal a day if you 're a woman , 1400kcal for a man .

Maybe she should restrict herself to this year ’ s data to ensure that it is as current as possible .
maybe she should [limit] herself to this year ’ s data to ensure that it is as current as possible .

Prior to the use of bar codes , implementation of a continuous-review policy at retail was nearly impossible because it was extraordinarily difficult to keep track of actual inventory levels on a continuous basis.17 Today bar codes and retail information systems allow access to stocking levels on a continuous basis , but most retailers choose to use periodic review systems to restrict ordering activities to set times of the week ; that way , they can save on transportation and other costs by ordering multiple products from the same vendor at the same time .
prior to the use of bar codes , implementation of a continuous-review policy at retail was nearly impossible because it was extraordinarily difficult to keep track of actual inventory levels on a continuous basis.17 today bar codes and retail information systems allow access to stocking levels on a continuous basis , but most retailers choose to use periodic review systems to [limit] ordering activities to set times of the week ; that way , they can save on transportation and other costs by ordering multiple products from the same vendor at the same time .

Let ’ s restrict attention to a model of a molecule , a square 10 x 10 array of magnetic dipoles , called spins , that can point only up or down .
let ’ s [limit] attention to a model of a molecule , a square 10 x 10 array of magnetic dipoles , called spins , that can point only up or down .

Do you want to do a lot of driving or restrict your trip to destinations easy to reach by train ?
do you want to do a lot of driving or [limit] your trip to destinations easy to reach by train ?

Understandably unhappy that West Berlin ’ s capitalist presence in the middle of East Germany was having a subversive influence on the Communist experiment , the Soviets and their East German allies began to restrict traffic from West Germany .
understandably unhappy that west berlin ’ s capitalist presence in the middle of east germany was having a subversive influence on the communist experiment , the soviets and their east german allies began to [limit] traffic from west germany .

This bill , however , is distinguishable because it limits specific representation and does not restrict lawyers in the manner of that representation .
this bill , however , is distinguishable because it limits specific representation and does not [limit] lawyers in the manner of that representation .

Regulators may restrict access to records based on answers to certain questions and add burdens to hospital record-keepers .
regulators may [limit] access to records based on answers to certain questions and add burdens to hospital record-keepers .

The Report and Order also eliminates an exception to an existing rule which permitted cellular licensees under some circumstances to restrict resale by their licensed cellular competitors .
the report and order also eliminates an exception to an existing rule which permitted cellular licensees under some circumstances to [limit] resale by their licensed cellular competitors .

The objective was to enhance GAO « s role of review and analysis , as part of a larger effort to fortify congressional oversight by ƒºmak [ ing ] more information available to Members and Committees of the Congress , andºprovid [ ing ] them a means of interpreting the information they have.≈12 Clearly it would have been contrary to the overall thrust of the Act for Congress to exclude from GAO « s purview agency processes and activities that are routinely the subject of congressional oversight.13 Accordingly , it is unreasonable to conclude that by using the term ƒresults≈ in section 717 , Congress intended to limit and restrict GAO « s review authority to simply reviewing end results .
the objective was to enhance gao « s role of review and analysis , as part of a larger effort to fortify congressional oversight by ƒºmak [ ing ] more information available to members and committees of the congress , andºprovid [ ing ] them a means of interpreting the information they have.≈12 clearly it would have been contrary to the overall thrust of the act for congress to exclude from gao « s purview agency processes and activities that are routinely the subject of congressional oversight.13 accordingly , it is unreasonable to conclude that by using the term ƒresults≈ in section 717 , congress intended to limit and [limit] gao « s review authority to simply reviewing end results .

However , co-requesters can not approve additional co-requesters or restrict the timing of the release of the product after it is issued .
however , co-requesters can not approve additional co-requesters or [limit] the timing of the release of the product after it is issued .

However , GAO will decline an invitation to testify when ( 1 ) GAO can not produce a testimony that conforms to its core values and standards or ( 2 ) the substance of the GAO testimony would be new information developed for another committee or Member who wants to restrict the information until its public release .
however , gao will decline an invitation to testify when ( 1 ) gao can not produce a testimony that conforms to its core values and standards or ( 2 ) the substance of the gao testimony would be new information developed for another committee or member who wants to [limit] the information until its public release .

If the funding trend of the past 3 years is continued , we will need to restrict our work to only responding to requests from committees and subcommittees , thus severely limiting-and potentially eliminating-work done for individual members .
if the funding trend of the past 3 years is continued , we will need to [limit] our work to only responding to requests from committees and subcommittees , thus severely limiting-and potentially eliminating-work done for individual members .

While most data are widely accessible , the system provides a means for data providers to restrict access to sensitive information .
while most data are widely accessible , the system provides a means for data providers to [limit] access to sensitive information .

The analysis in the final rule has been revised based on comments the FDA received and now also considers the costs and benefits associated with a rule issued by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration ( SAMHSA ) on January 19 , 1996 , governing a program of State-operated enforcement activities to restrict the sale or distribution of tobacco products to individuals under the age of 18 .
the analysis in the final rule has been revised based on comments the fda received and now also considers the costs and benefits associated with a rule issued by the substance abuse and mental health services administration ( samhsa ) on january 19 , 1996 , governing a program of state-operated enforcement activities to [limit] the sale or distribution of tobacco products to individuals under the age of 18 .

Specific control activities include frequent changes of dial-up numbers ; use of dial-back access ; restrictions on users to allow access only to system functions that they need ; software and hardware `` firewalls '' to restrict access to assets , computers , and networks by external persons ; and frequent changes of passwords and deactivation of former employees ' passwords .
specific control activities include frequent changes of dial-up numbers ; use of dial-back access ; restrictions on users to allow access only to system functions that they need ; software and hardware `` firewalls '' to [limit] access to assets , computers , and networks by external persons ; and frequent changes of passwords and deactivation of former employees ' passwords .

For instance , improperly defined requirements may preclude alternatives , restrict competition , increase the risk of cost and schedule overruns , and lead to systems that are inconsistent with an agency 's overall architecture and incompatible with other agency systems .
for instance , improperly defined requirements may preclude alternatives , [limit] competition , increase the risk of cost and schedule overruns , and lead to systems that are inconsistent with an agency 's overall architecture and incompatible with other agency systems .

Find out if there are any factors considered important for selecting an offer that are not included in the Page 47 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks evaluation criteria or if other included factors unfairly restrict the competition .
find out if there are any factors considered important for selecting an offer that are not included in the page 47 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks evaluation criteria or if other included factors unfairly [limit] the competition .

Follow-up on GAO Recommendations may ask GAO to restrict the release of a product for up to 30 calendar days beyond the targeted issuance date .
follow-up on gao recommendations may ask gao to [limit] the release of a product for up to 30 calendar days beyond the targeted issuance date .

Some states restrict IDA use to paying for education or training .
some states [limit] ida use to paying for education or training .

Thus , with respect to the litigation services Congress has funded , there is no alternative channel for expression of the advocacy Congress seeks to restrict .
thus , with respect to the litigation services congress has funded , there is no alternative channel for expression of the advocacy congress seeks to [limit] .

Regulations directly restrict speech ; subsidies do not .
regulations directly [limit] speech ; subsidies do not .

The financial constraints that restrict an indigent woman 's ability to enjoy the full range of constitutionally protected freedom of choice are the product not of governmental restrictions on access to abortion , but rather of her indigency . ''
the financial constraints that [limit] an indigent woman 's ability to enjoy the full range of constitutionally protected freedom of choice are the product not of governmental restrictions on access to abortion , but rather of her indigency . ''

The Court 's decision displays not only an improper special solicitude for our own profession ; it also displays , I think , the very fondness for `` reform through the courts '' - the making of innumerable social judgments through judgepronounced constitutional imperatives- that prompted Congress to restrict publicly funded litigation of this sort .
the court 's decision displays not only an improper special solicitude for our own profession ; it also displays , i think , the very fondness for `` reform through the courts '' - the making of innumerable social judgments through judgepronounced constitutional imperatives- that prompted congress to [limit] publicly funded litigation of this sort .

The legislative history of the presence requirement in the Corporation 's appropriations and the applicable H-2A provisions in the Immigration Reform and Control Act confirm that Congress intended to provide meaningful representation to eligible aliens , including H-2A workers on claims arising from their employment contract ; and that Congress did not understand the presence requirement to severely alter or restrict this representation .
the legislative history of the presence requirement in the corporation 's appropriations and the applicable h-2a provisions in the immigration reform and control act confirm that congress intended to provide meaningful representation to eligible aliens , including h-2a workers on claims arising from their employment contract ; and that congress did not understand the presence requirement to severely alter or [limit] this representation .

In sum , the legislative history of the presence requirement confirms that Congress intended to provide meaningful representation to eligible aliens , including H-2A workers on claims arising from their employment contract ; and that Congress did not understand the presence requirement to severely alter or restrict this representation .
in sum , the legislative history of the presence requirement confirms that congress intended to provide meaningful representation to eligible aliens , including h-2a workers on claims arising from their employment contract ; and that congress did not understand the presence requirement to severely alter or [limit] this representation .

The language and legislative history of the LSC appropriations acts and the H-2A statute make clear that Congress intended to provide meaningful legal representation to aliens in the designated categories , and there is no evidence that Congress considered the presence requirement to severely restrict this interpretation .
the language and legislative history of the lsc appropriations acts and the h-2a statute make clear that congress intended to provide meaningful legal representation to aliens in the designated categories , and there is no evidence that congress considered the presence requirement to severely [limit] this interpretation .

It is impractical to restrict grantees to counting only matters handled on behalf of client-eligible people .
it is impractical to [limit] grantees to counting only matters handled on behalf of client-eligible people .

Section 406 also provides that no State or political subdivision thereof shall restrict or interfere with the transfer , sale , or purchase of allowances under this title .
section 406 also provides that no state or political subdivision thereof shall [limit] or interfere with the transfer , sale , or purchase of allowances under this title .

Forty-one states have advisories warning the public to restrict eating fish from local waters due to methylmercury .
forty-one states have advisories warning the public to [limit] eating fish from local waters due to methylmercury .

In practice cream skimmers may restrict themselves to large volume customers since the transaction costs of dealing with smaller volume customers and individuals may be prohibitive .
in practice cream skimmers may [limit] themselves to large volume customers since the transaction costs of dealing with smaller volume customers and individuals may be prohibitive .

UNSCR 1267 demanded that the Taliban render Bin Ladin to justice within 30 days ; upon noncompliance , UN member states were called on to restrict takeoff and landing rights of Taliban-owned aircraft .
unscr 1267 demanded that the taliban render bin ladin to justice within 30 days ; upon noncompliance , un member states were called on to [limit] takeoff and landing rights of taliban-owned aircraft .

He indicated that high-level UAE officials would agree to restrict Afghan flights but told him that the government had a difficult time enforcing this .
he indicated that high-level uae officials would agree to [limit] afghan flights but told him that the government had a difficult time enforcing this .

At least for the CIA , part of the burden in tackling terrorism arose from the background we have described : an organization capable of attracting extraordinarily motivated people but institutionally averse to risk , with its capacity for covert action atrophied , predisposed to restrict the distribution of information , having difficulty assimilating new types of personnel , and accustomed to presenting descriptive reportage of the latest intelligence .
at least for the cia , part of the burden in tackling terrorism arose from the background we have described : an organization capable of attracting extraordinarily motivated people but institutionally averse to risk , with its capacity for covert action atrophied , predisposed to [limit] the distribution of information , having difficulty assimilating new types of personnel , and accustomed to presenting descriptive reportage of the latest intelligence .

The international community has tried to restrict trade in such gems .
the international community has tried to [limit] trade in such gems .

To say that our medical research agenda will be set back if we restrict enhancement technologies makes no more sense than saying that cancer surgery will be set back if the American Broadcasting Corporation cancels its cosmetic surgery reality TV show Extreme Makeover .
to say that our medical research agenda will be set back if we [limit] enhancement technologies makes no more sense than saying that cancer surgery will be set back if the american broadcasting corporation cancels its cosmetic surgery reality tv show extreme makeover .

One management strategy to recover species is to create marine protected areas ( MPAs ) , zones that restrict all removal of marine life ( Box 2 ) .
one management strategy to recover species is to create marine protected areas ( mpas ) , zones that [limit] all removal of marine life ( box 2 ) .

We also restrict our focus in this paper to sub-Saharan Africa , where the overwhelming majority of people living with and dying from HIV/AIDS reside ; however , our findings have broader applicability and more general implications in the worldwide fight against HIV/AIDS , which we highlight here .
we also [limit] our focus in this paper to sub-saharan africa , where the overwhelming majority of people living with and dying from hiv/aids reside ; however , our findings have broader applicability and more general implications in the worldwide fight against hiv/aids , which we highlight here .

Depending on the curation task , it might therefore be advantageous to select only part of the terminological resources and thus restrict the domain of the terminology to the curators ' needs ( Figure 3 ) .
depending on the curation task , it might therefore be advantageous to select only part of the terminological resources and thus [limit] the domain of the terminology to the curators ' needs ( figure 3 ) .

As a matter of principle , all of our policies reflect the view that scientific publishers are service providers and should not themselves restrict the potential applications of the largely publicly funded work in their journals .
as a matter of principle , all of our policies reflect the view that scientific publishers are service providers and should not themselves [limit] the potential applications of the largely publicly funded work in their journals .

In general , symbionts generally favor dispersal out of the host to avoid competition with their close relatives , while hosts are expected to restrict symbiont migration and thus reduce the virulent tendencies ( Frank 1996b ) .
in general , symbionts generally favor dispersal out of the host to avoid competition with their close relatives , while hosts are expected to [limit] symbiont migration and thus reduce the virulent tendencies ( frank 1996b ) .

However , courts have also determined that governments can restrict expression to a reasonable time , place , and manner .
however , courts have also determined that governments can [limit] expression to a reasonable time , place , and manner .

Governments are required to restrict speech and other rights as little as possible .
governments are required to [limit] speech and other rights as little as possible .

The WP runs an inside story reporting that the House of Representatives yesterday passed a bill designed to restrict minors ' access to adult material on the Internet .
the wp runs an inside story reporting that the house of representatives yesterday passed a bill designed to [limit] minors ' access to adult material on the internet .

The larger bill would fortify the Border Patrol , facilitate deportations , and restrict the benefits available to illegal aliens ; the detached bill would let states exclude children of illegal aliens from public schools .
the larger bill would fortify the border patrol , facilitate deportations , and [limit] the benefits available to illegal aliens ; the detached bill would let states exclude children of illegal aliens from public schools .

The law can not restrict all harmful , valueless speech and at the same time protect all valuable speech .
the law can not [limit] all harmful , valueless speech and at the same time protect all valuable speech .

May the government , in its quest to shield children , restrict the online choices of grownups ?
may the government , in its quest to shield children , [limit] the online choices of grownups ?

To look at it the other way : Must the courts , in order to protect the freedom of grownups , restrict the government 's ability to shield children ?
to look at it the other way : must the courts , in order to protect the freedom of grownups , [limit] the government 's ability to shield children ?

The Senate defeated a plan to restrict U.S. steel imports .
the senate defeated a plan to [limit] u.s. steel imports .

In an editorial about an antitrust challenge to the U.S. genetically modified food industry by farmers and pressure groups alleging misuse of intellectual property to restrict competition , the Financial Times took the side of the underdogs .
in an editorial about an antitrust challenge to the u.s. genetically modified food industry by farmers and pressure groups alleging misuse of intellectual property to [limit] competition , the financial times took the side of the underdogs .

Moreover , unlike Bradley , McCain has made numerous enemies in his own party by promoting legislation that would restrict campaign contributions and require tobacco companies to pay for health care and anti-smoking education .
moreover , unlike bradley , mccain has made numerous enemies in his own party by promoting legislation that would [limit] campaign contributions and require tobacco companies to pay for health care and anti-smoking education .

The American Academy of Pediatrics told parents to restrict children 's television-watching .
the american academy of pediatrics told parents to [limit] children 's television-watching .

It has used suits and lobbying and more suits to stymie previous efforts to restrict it .
it has used suits and lobbying and more suits to stymie previous efforts to [limit] it .

If all you want for your future self is happiness and if there 's no third party involved , there can be no good reason to restrict your future options .
if all you want for your future self is happiness and if there 's no third party involved , there can be no good reason to [limit] your future options .

Nicholas Lemann 's absorbing new history of American meritocracy , The Big Test , contains an interesting anecdote about William F. Buckley 's inadvertent role , while an undergraduate at Yale during the late 1940s , in helping that university restrict the number of Jews and Catholics it admitted .
nicholas lemann 's absorbing new history of american meritocracy , the big test , contains an interesting anecdote about william f. buckley 's inadvertent role , while an undergraduate at yale during the late 1940s , in helping that university [limit] the number of jews and catholics it admitted .

Even granting that Buckley 's libertarian opposition to Connecticut 's Fair Education Practices bill , which never did pass , would not likely have been altered by the discovery that Yale did indeed have quotas , it appears that Buckley was duped -- either by Wiggin or by Seymour or by both men -- into repeating a lie that helped Yale restrict the number of Catholics ( of whom he was one ) and Jews who got in .
even granting that buckley 's libertarian opposition to connecticut 's fair education practices bill , which never did pass , would not likely have been altered by the discovery that yale did indeed have quotas , it appears that buckley was duped -- either by wiggin or by seymour or by both men -- into repeating a lie that helped yale [limit] the number of catholics ( of whom he was one ) and jews who got in .

Some , like Mexico ( America 's most important emerging-market trade partner ) , are struggling with huge debt overhangs and therefore must restrict domestic consumption and earn foreign exchange by focusing on exporting .
some , like mexico ( america 's most important emerging-market trade partner ) , are struggling with huge debt overhangs and therefore must [limit] domestic consumption and earn foreign exchange by focusing on exporting .

It seems to me that Sable Communications and the relevant part ( Part III ) of Denver Consortium allow the government to restrict speech in other media , so long as the restriction is the least restrictive means of shielding children from improper material .
it seems to me that sable communications and the relevant part ( part iii ) of denver consortium allow the government to [limit] speech in other media , so long as the restriction is the least restrictive means of shielding children from improper material .

The security approach of Java does restrict what an unsigned applet can do , and those criticisms are fair .
the security approach of java does [limit] what an unsigned applet can do , and those criticisms are fair .

South Dakotans voted to restrict corporate hog farming , as well .
south dakotans voted to [limit] corporate hog farming , as well .

Clinton also rejected a clause in the big tobacco settlement that would restrict the Food and Drug Administration 's authority to regulate cigarettes .
clinton also rejected a clause in the big tobacco settlement that would [limit] the food and drug administration 's authority to regulate cigarettes .

Militias in East Timor said they will restrict their armed forces to certain areas to prevent interference in tomorrow 's referendum , according to a LAT front-pager .
militias in east timor said they will [limit] their armed forces to certain areas to prevent interference in tomorrow 's referendum , according to a lat front-pager .

He campaigned vigorously and successfully to restrict the number of habeas appeals for death row inmates .
he campaigned vigorously and successfully to [limit] the number of habeas appeals for death row inmates .

In Buckley vs. Valeo ( 1976 ) , the court ruled that spending limits violate the Amendment : The government can not restrict your right to spend money communicating the message of your choice .
in buckley vs. valeo ( 1976 ) , the court ruled that spending limits violate the amendment : the government can not [limit] your right to spend money communicating the message of your choice .

Colorado Republican Federal Campaign Committee vs. Federal Election Commission held that the government can not restrict spending by the state Republican Party on behalf of a Republican Senate candidate .
colorado republican federal campaign committee vs. federal election commission held that the government can not [limit] spending by the state republican party on behalf of a republican senate candidate .

Judges dismissed all three bans because they could unconstitutionally restrict first- and second-trimester abortions ( the story is stuffed by the NYT ) .
judges dismissed all three bans because they could unconstitutionally [limit] first- and second-trimester abortions ( the story is stuffed by the nyt ) .

The reason : New filtering software makes it possible to restrict access to Internet porn without excessively limiting free speech .
the reason : new filtering software makes it possible to [limit] access to internet porn without excessively limiting free speech .

Robert Bork , rehashing an argument from his current book , explains why the Constitution should be amended to restrict judicial power .
robert bork , rehashing an argument from his current book , explains why the constitution should be amended to [limit] judicial power .

Preventing Microsoft from enforcing contracts with online service providers that would restrict the providers from also offering their customers alternative browsers .
preventing microsoft from enforcing contracts with online service providers that would [limit] the providers from also offering their customers alternative browsers .

The Wall Street Journal 's `` Washington Wire '' reports that some twenty lawmakers who voted this week to restrict satellite exports to China had previously urged Clinton to export satellites there .
the wall street journal 's `` washington wire '' reports that some twenty lawmakers who voted this week to [limit] satellite exports to china had previously urged clinton to export satellites there .

They were angry and wanted to break something -- the state , the banks , the industries -- but had to restrict themselves to the materials of the print media that served and reflected those institutions .
they were angry and wanted to break something -- the state , the banks , the industries -- but had to [limit] themselves to the materials of the print media that served and reflected those institutions .

There was the retail-stores law , and Kodak produced evidence of state intervention to restrict imports , but it was evidence from the 1960s and 1970s .
there was the retail-stores law , and kodak produced evidence of state intervention to [limit] imports , but it was evidence from the 1960s and 1970s .

To protect your privacy , ask your bank to restrict access to your records and beg your member of Congress for legislative protections .
to protect your privacy , ask your bank to [limit] access to your records and beg your member of congress for legislative protections .

They will restrict `` sex , not sexuality '' by forbidding touching and other displays of affection across all ranks .
they will [limit] `` sex , not sexuality '' by forbidding touching and other displays of affection across all ranks .

I 'd say that any downside to sexually integrating nonmilitary workplaces is not severe enough to restrict the rights of women ( or men ) .
i 'd say that any downside to sexually integrating nonmilitary workplaces is not severe enough to [limit] the rights of women ( or men ) .

They were n't trying to restrict a rival gang , enforce a political ideal , or overthrow authority .
they were n't trying to [limit] a rival gang , enforce a political ideal , or overthrow authority .

This affects 15 states that restrict newcomers to the benefits they had received in their previous states , ostensibly to discourage people from benefit-shopping .
this affects 15 states that [limit] newcomers to the benefits they had received in their previous states , ostensibly to discourage people from benefit-shopping .

The GOP 's best-known hawk , Sen. Jesse Helms , R-N.C. , is leading the charge to restrict trade with China as punishment for its spying .
the gop 's best-known hawk , sen. jesse helms , r-n.c. , is leading the charge to [limit] trade with china as punishment for its spying .

Forty-one states already restrict the abortion of viable fetuses .
forty-one states already [limit] the abortion of viable fetuses .

How and why does the government want to restrict it , and why are some people opposed ?
how and why does the government want to [limit] it , and why are some people opposed ?

In his crime bill , passed in 1994 , he went further than any Republican president would have dared to restrict habeas corpus , the writ by which state prisoners , including those on death row , can get their cases reviewed by federal courts .
in his crime bill , passed in 1994 , he went further than any republican president would have dared to [limit] habeas corpus , the writ by which state prisoners , including those on death row , can get their cases reviewed by federal courts .

Along with their worries about intellectual-property protections , tariffs , and technical standards , Magaziner and company write that they are concerned that `` many countries , including the United States , are considering or have adopted laws to restrict access to certain types of content through the Internet .
along with their worries about intellectual-property protections , tariffs , and technical standards , magaziner and company write that they are concerned that `` many countries , including the united states , are considering or have adopted laws to [limit] access to certain types of content through the internet .

The Washington Post and New York Times restrict themselves to observing that this is a policy reversal .
the washington post and new york times [limit] themselves to observing that this is a policy reversal .

Approved 237 to 186 ( with 51 Republicans breaking party lines to support it ) , the bill would 1 ) Ban unregulated `` soft money '' donations to political parties and 2 ) Restrict `` issue-advocacy ads , '' which sometimes mask their true sponsors and currently skirt regulation .
approved 237 to 186 ( with 51 republicans breaking party lines to support it ) , the bill would 1 ) ban unregulated `` soft money '' donations to political parties and 2 ) [limit] `` issue-advocacy ads , '' which sometimes mask their true sponsors and currently skirt regulation .

The Los Angeles Times leads with a regional story on the debate over how to use California 's budget surplus : State Democrats want across-the-board increases in welfare aid ; Republicans want to restrict the increases to the blind , aged , and disabled .
the los angeles times leads with a regional story on the debate over how to use california 's budget surplus : state democrats want across-the-board increases in welfare aid ; republicans want to [limit] the increases to the blind , aged , and disabled .

It results from the acquittal of Mr. Brian Fisher , a businessman , on charges of insider dealing , after a ruling in Southwark Crown Court which threatens to severely restrict the scope for prosecutions of insider dealing .
it results from the acquittal of mr. brian fisher , a businessman , on charges of insider dealing , after a ruling in southwark crown court which threatens to severely [limit] the scope for prosecutions of insider dealing .

Admittedly , the r might be the cause of the “ lengthening or prolongation of the [ preceding ] vowel without dipthongization , ” as Bollard puts it ( p. xxxii ) , but that can not be said to be r -coloring , which we ought to restrict to a sound that has some resemblance to the pronunciation of r .
admittedly , the r might be the cause of the “ lengthening or prolongation of the [ preceding ] vowel without dipthongization , ” as bollard puts it ( p. xxxii ) , but that can not be said to be r -coloring , which we ought to [limit] to a sound that has some resemblance to the pronunciation of r .

They restrict themselves to deductions , basing them on references , citations , or precedents , which is a different matter altogether .
they [limit] themselves to deductions , basing them on references , citations , or precedents , which is a different matter altogether .

