Once more the fallacious equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws , there must be a corresponding restriction against labor unions : the law must treat everybody equally .
once more the fallacious equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws , there must be a corresponding [limit] against labor unions : the law must treat everybody equally .

However , there is a minimum of legislative restriction on boating .
however , there is a minimum of legislative [limit] on boating .

There must be a restriction in the deed to provide that the customer may not be charged more than the current market price for the oil , an obvious precaution , since the account is permanently wedded , just like with gas or electricity .
there must be a [limit] in the deed to provide that the customer may not be charged more than the current market price for the oil , an obvious precaution , since the account is permanently wedded , just like with gas or electricity .

While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women .
while there should be no general age limit or [limit] to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women .

Later , chlorothiazide and salt restriction became necessary to control the edema of chronic congestive failure .
later , chlorothiazide and salt [limit] became necessary to control the edema of chronic congestive failure .

Here , for the case of squares inscribed in plane curves , we remove the restriction to convexity and give certain other results .
here , for the case of squares inscribed in plane curves , we remove the [limit] to convexity and give certain other results .

Fromm also cites a poll on attitudes toward work restriction conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation in 1945 , in which 49 per cent of manual workers said a man ought to turn out as much as he could in a day's work , while 41 per cent said he should not do his best but should turn out only the average amount .
fromm also cites a poll on attitudes toward work [limit] conducted by the opinion research corporation in 1945 , in which 49 per cent of manual workers said a man ought to turn out as much as he could in a day's work , while 41 per cent said he should not do his best but should turn out only the average amount .

Doc had been under restriction to the ship since the Bustard left Subic .
doc had been under [limit] to the ship since the bustard left subic .

Hagans was sent to a bail hostel , with the only restriction that he had to be in between 11 p.m. at night and 7 a.m. in the morning .
hagans was sent to a bail hostel , with the only [limit] that he had to be in between 11 p.m. at night and 7 a.m. in the morning .

Hagans was staying at a bail hostel at the time where the only restriction was that he had to be in beween 11 a.m. in the evening and 7 a.m. in the morning .
hagans was staying at a bail hostel at the time where the only [limit] was that he had to be in beween 11 a.m. in the evening and 7 a.m. in the morning .

Well as a restriction
well as a [limit]

Under the old rating system , spending was limited to income from a 2p in the pound rate and an equivalent restriction was continued under the poll tax .
under the old rating system , spending was limited to income from a 2p in the pound rate and an equivalent [limit] was continued under the poll tax .

There is a restriction on the allowance for the car if it costs more than £12,000 , and only 25 per cent writing down allowance is given in the first year .
there is a [limit] on the allowance for the car if it costs more than £12,000 , and only 25 per cent writing down allowance is given in the first year .

If the car costs more than £12,000 there would be a tax restriction on the relief available for the payments .
if the car costs more than £12,000 there would be a tax [limit] on the relief available for the payments .

One other restriction could be the price of electric wheelchairs .
one other [limit] could be the price of electric wheelchairs .

‘ The county council are taking seriously their request for a speed restriction on a stretch of road which has proven dangerous in the past and will continue to be so if action is not taken . ’
‘ the county council are taking seriously their request for a speed [limit] on a stretch of road which has proven dangerous in the past and will continue to be so if action is not taken . ’

The restriction on the married couples allowance will raise a further £900 million in 1994/5 with savings of £1.2 billion annually after that .
the [limit] on the married couples allowance will raise a further £900 million in 1994/5 with savings of £1.2 billion annually after that .

The restriction will also apply to related allowances — the additional personal allowance ( which goes mainly to single parents ) ; the widow 's bereavement allowance ( which is paid to a widow in the year of her husband 's death and in the following year ) ; and the relief for maintenance payments to a divorced or separated spouse .
the [limit] will also apply to related allowances — the additional personal allowance ( which goes mainly to single parents ) ; the widow 's bereavement allowance ( which is paid to a widow in the year of her husband 's death and in the following year ) ; and the relief for maintenance payments to a divorced or separated spouse .

Restriction maps of integration construct pPT and tubulin locus .
[limit] maps of integration construct ppt and tubulin locus .

For instance , restriction fragments of the clones in the library can play the role of probes , and the presence of a fragment in a clone digest will be equivalent to a positive hybridisation between the corresponding clone and ‘ probe ’ .
for instance , [limit] fragments of the clones in the library can play the role of probes , and the presence of a fragment in a clone digest will be equivalent to a positive hybridisation between the corresponding clone and ‘ probe ’ .

However , using the information about the clone order from hybridisation data it will be much easier to infer a restriction map of a genome ( and verify a hybridisation map in parallel ) from these results than to construct the complete two single-digest plus one double-digest map from individual restriction maps of each clone .
however , using the information about the clone order from hybridisation data it will be much easier to infer a [limit] map of a genome ( and verify a hybridisation map in parallel ) from these results than to construct the complete two single-digest plus one double-digest map from individual [limit] maps of each clone .

and the entropy of helix formation is largely due to the restriction of rotors :
and the entropy of helix formation is largely due to the [limit] of rotors :

Residents have campaigned for a long time for a speed restriction and traffic calming in Skerne Park , which has a high accident rate .
residents have campaigned for a long time for a speed [limit] and traffic calming in skerne park , which has a high accident rate .

The phrase ‘ certainly not less in real terms than at present ’ is a base line and not a final restriction .
the phrase ‘ certainly not less in real terms than at present ’ is a base line and not a final [limit] .

This last is less of a restriction than might at first be supposed . Remember that , although there are eight factorial combinations in Example 16.1 , only seven comparisons are of interest , namely :
this last is less of a [limit] than might at first be supposed . remember that , although there are eight factorial combinations in example 16.1 , only seven comparisons are of interest , namely :

For the ACCs as a whole , both monetary and fiscal policy swung sharply towards restriction between 1968 and 1969 .
for the accs as a whole , both monetary and fiscal policy swung sharply towards [limit] between 1968 and 1969 .

This picture is dominated by developments in the United States , but a definite shift towards restriction is observable elsewhere , prompted by the acceleration of prices noted above and by growing economic and social unrest .
this picture is dominated by developments in the united states , but a definite shift towards [limit] is observable elsewhere , prompted by the acceleration of prices noted above and by growing economic and social unrest .

best on the nineteenth money , finance has become a little shaky as Saturn the planet of restriction approaches to Venus on the twenty sixth , this is not a time for speculation . Health , living generally , are enjoying good health , however those of you who are born in earlier
best on the nineteenth money , finance has become a little shaky as saturn the planet of [limit] approaches to venus on the twenty sixth , this is not a time for speculation . health , living generally , are enjoying good health , however those of you who are born in earlier

‘ When a product has already travelled from its place of origin there is n't intended to be any restriction , ’ said Alison Fellows of the European law unit at Dickinson Dees in Newcastle .
‘ when a product has already travelled from its place of origin there is n't intended to be any [limit] , ’ said alison fellows of the european law unit at dickinson dees in newcastle .

Mr Fordy was speaking on the day the town 's magistrates court dealt for the first time with truckers who had ignored the 7.5 tonne weight restriction .
mr fordy was speaking on the day the town 's magistrates court dealt for the first time with truckers who had ignored the 7.5 tonne weight [limit] .

Mr Fordy said all local hauliers were sent letters before the restriction came into being .
mr fordy said all local hauliers were sent letters before the [limit] came into being .

It is essentially a natural phenomenon that can be seen in any sort of complex physical activity , and the only important matter is to remember the restriction , specific to English , on voicing assimilation mentioned above .
it is essentially a natural phenomenon that can be seen in any sort of complex physical activity , and the only important matter is to remember the [limit] , specific to english , on voicing assimilation mentioned above .

Traditionally , phonemes were supposed not to overlap in their allophones , so that the only plosives that could have allophones with bilabial place of articulation were and ; this restriction is no longer looked on as so important .
traditionally , phonemes were supposed not to overlap in their allophones , so that the only plosives that could have allophones with bilabial place of articulation were and ; this [limit] is no longer looked on as so important .

‘ As a concession , ministers should increase the payment period to at least four weeks to reduce the number of times that the restriction is triggered by absences ’ , he said .
‘ as a concession , ministers should increase the payment period to at least four weeks to reduce the number of times that the [limit] is triggered by absences ’ , he said .

by 1969 ) all restrictions on the free movement of goods and services and individuals by removing taxation differentials , frontier controls and other forms of restriction .
by 1969 ) all restrictions on the free movement of goods and services and individuals by removing taxation differentials , frontier controls and other forms of [limit] .

Important doctrines of Hinduism include the caste system , the joint family , the veneration of the cow and the restriction of women .
important doctrines of hinduism include the caste system , the joint family , the veneration of the cow and the [limit] of women .

be careful in the dusk , remember mirror , signal , manoeuvre once you start to overtake move quickly passed the vehicle you are overtaking , when overtake er , overtake only on the right except when the driver in the front has signalled that he intends to turn right , you can overtake him on the left , without getting in the way , when you want to turn left at a junction , when traffic is moving slowly in queues and be er , in a lane on the right and moving more slowly than you are , in one way streets , but not dual carriageways , maybe with a path on either side , when traffic is moving as described , do not increase your speed while being overtaken , slow down if necessary to let the overtaking vehicle pass . On the tail , lane road , give way to vehicles coming towards you you must not overtake if you would have to cross or straddle double white lines with a solid line on the out of you , erm if you 're within a zig zag area , the pelican crossing , after a normal overtaking sign until the end of the restriction , do not overtake when you can not see far enough ahead , for example , when coming through
be careful in the dusk , remember mirror , signal , manoeuvre once you start to overtake move quickly passed the vehicle you are overtaking , when overtake er , overtake only on the right except when the driver in the front has signalled that he intends to turn right , you can overtake him on the left , without getting in the way , when you want to turn left at a junction , when traffic is moving slowly in queues and be er , in a lane on the right and moving more slowly than you are , in one way streets , but not dual carriageways , maybe with a path on either side , when traffic is moving as described , do not increase your speed while being overtaken , slow down if necessary to let the overtaking vehicle pass . on the tail , lane road , give way to vehicles coming towards you you must not overtake if you would have to cross or straddle double white lines with a solid line on the out of you , erm if you 're within a zig zag area , the pelican crossing , after a normal overtaking sign until the end of the [limit] , do not overtake when you can not see far enough ahead , for example , when coming through

If this latter method is used , then the filter floss will have to be changed once a week to prevent clogging and a restriction in water flow .
if this latter method is used , then the filter floss will have to be changed once a week to prevent clogging and a [limit] in water flow .

There is no restriction on the amount of non-alcoholic drinks you consume , but all cold drinks should be low calorie brands , and tea and coffee should be drunk only with milk from your allowance .
there is no [limit] on the amount of non-alcoholic drinks you consume , but all cold drinks should be low calorie brands , and tea and coffee should be drunk only with milk from your allowance .

It is a wonderful relief from previous feelings of guilt and restriction .
it is a wonderful relief from previous feelings of guilt and [limit] .

It is the logic of the asylum to sell scanners without restriction and then say they should n't be used for the purpose most people buy them .
it is the logic of the asylum to sell scanners without [limit] and then say they should n't be used for the purpose most people buy them .

So , moving on to another requirement of this law , which states that ‘ When a penalty kick is taken the following shall apply : ( a ) The kick must be taken without undue delay ; ( b ) the kick must be taken at or behind the mark on a line through the mark ; ( c ) The kicker may kick the ball in any direction and he may play the ball again , without any restriction except if he has indicated to the referee that he intends to attempt a kick for goal ’ .
so , moving on to another requirement of this law , which states that ‘ when a penalty kick is taken the following shall apply : ( a ) the kick must be taken without undue delay ; ( b ) the kick must be taken at or behind the mark on a line through the mark ; ( c ) the kicker may kick the ball in any direction and he may play the ball again , without any [limit] except if he has indicated to the referee that he intends to attempt a kick for goal ’ .

Intermediate grants may be given on which there is no rateable value restriction , for any missing standard basic amenities such as a bath , shower , wash-basin , lavatory , sink and hot and cold water supply .
intermediate grants may be given on which there is no rateable value [limit] , for any missing standard basic amenities such as a bath , shower , wash-basin , lavatory , sink and hot and cold water supply .

Just as we should not expect too much from those West German areas that have simply erected speed restriction signs without reinforcing the message with physical infrastructure , so design changes alone , though better than legal changes alone , are still inadequate .
just as we should not expect too much from those west german areas that have simply erected speed [limit] signs without reinforcing the message with physical infrastructure , so design changes alone , though better than legal changes alone , are still inadequate .

But it is difficult to see these factors as amounting to an absolute restriction when put against the equally well recorded government support for overcapacity and inefficient working .
but it is difficult to see these factors as amounting to an absolute [limit] when put against the equally well recorded government support for overcapacity and inefficient working .

The restriction of world trade and output , inflation , feather-bedding of inefficiency , retaliation : all these standard objections would allegedly be taken care of by the proposed system .
the [limit] of world trade and output , inflation , feather-bedding of inefficiency , retaliation : all these standard objections would allegedly be taken care of by the proposed system .

He lay in a sort of mental haze until a feeling of restriction just below his buttocks penetrated his still slumbering state .
he lay in a sort of mental haze until a feeling of [limit] just below his buttocks penetrated his still slumbering state .

It 's learning without restriction .
it 's learning without [limit] .

Church trade restriction ‘ nonsense ’
church trade [limit] ‘ nonsense ’

The more northerly distributed material implies far less restriction than pertained in Kent .
the more northerly distributed material implies far less [limit] than pertained in kent .

The condition of positive weighting factors is no real restriction , for the assumption that the objectives are desirable means that only positive weights make sense .
the condition of positive weighting factors is no real [limit] , for the assumption that the objectives are desirable means that only positive weights make sense .

Obviously , this is too valuable a tradition to be allowed to die out in the century that has seen more restriction of public access to land than any previous period of history , including the Enclosures .
obviously , this is too valuable a tradition to be allowed to die out in the century that has seen more [limit] of public access to land than any previous period of history , including the enclosures .

It operates through market forces — a restriction in supply leads to an increase in the relevant price or wage .
it operates through market forces — a [limit] in supply leads to an increase in the relevant price or wage .

Some Christians have called for representation of workers on the board of directors , joint decision-making at all levels within the company , the break-up of oligopolies , a restriction on the number of directorships any one person can hold ( the suggested number is three ) and restrictions on the directors of financial corporations holding directorships in non-financial corporations , and vice versa .
some christians have called for representation of workers on the board of directors , joint decision-making at all levels within the company , the break-up of oligopolies , a [limit] on the number of directorships any one person can hold ( the suggested number is three ) and restrictions on the directors of financial corporations holding directorships in non-financial corporations , and vice versa .

Some authorities require a restriction on the number of weeks a buyer may purchase so as to avoid the possibility of permanent use by a single owner .
some authorities require a [limit] on the number of weeks a buyer may purchase so as to avoid the possibility of permanent use by a single owner .

Feminists are aware of this restriction , but they seem unable to escape it .
feminists are aware of this [limit] , but they seem unable to escape it .

Under the string will be four layers of sacking and this provides cushion enough for the stem to grow and swell without restriction until you remake the tie — in a year 's time , at the most .
under the string will be four layers of sacking and this provides cushion enough for the stem to grow and swell without [limit] until you remake the tie — in a year 's time , at the most .

The bending and difficulty for the plant of getting sap through the restriction constitutes a threat , and the reaction to this is to try to make sure of the perpetuation of its own species by making seed — which , of course , has to be preceded by flower , and lots of it !
the bending and difficulty for the plant of getting sap through the [limit] constitutes a threat , and the reaction to this is to try to make sure of the perpetuation of its own species by making seed — which , of course , has to be preceded by flower , and lots of it !

The second thing that struck her was on a different plane , but was another restriction .
the second thing that struck her was on a different plane , but was another [limit] .

Prior to the 1987 Budget , the only restriction that applied was that the maximum was set at one and a half times salary .
prior to the 1987 budget , the only [limit] that applied was that the maximum was set at one and a half times salary .

The only restriction is the rule for proper nesting .
the only [limit] is the rule for proper nesting .

Solos come with an elasticated and drawcord waist , cut to length legs , two side pockets and a zipped rear pocket , and a baggy cut which allows you to climb , scramble and walk without restriction .
solos come with an elasticated and drawcord waist , cut to length legs , two side pockets and a zipped rear pocket , and a baggy cut which allows you to climb , scramble and walk without [limit] .

Habermas is careful to ensure that neither lifeworld nor system are subsumed by the other category but he explores links between them , including the systematic restriction of communication .
habermas is careful to ensure that neither lifeworld nor system are subsumed by the other category but he explores links between them , including the systematic [limit] of communication .

The defence asked for reporting restriction to be lifted .
the defence asked for reporting [limit] to be lifted .

Once out of Leopold 's sight , Wolfgang began to enjoy himself without restriction , possibly for the first time in his life .
once out of leopold 's sight , wolfgang began to enjoy himself without [limit] , possibly for the first time in his life .

If there is a restriction on trade , then the autonomy of the division is being interfered with and divisional performance may not be fairly measured .
if there is a [limit] on trade , then the autonomy of the division is being interfered with and divisional performance may not be fairly measured .

This left the restriction against engaging in or undertaking the trade or business of an employment agency within the kilometre circle , for six months .
this left the [limit] against engaging in or undertaking the trade or business of an employment agency within the kilometre circle , for six months .

If valid , said the court , the clause would have imposed ‘ an important and onerous restriction ’ on the defendants .
if valid , said the court , the clause would have imposed ‘ an important and onerous [limit] ’ on the defendants .

It placed a disproportionately severe restriction on the defendant 's right to compete after leaving the employment and went further than was reasonable in the interests of the parties .
it placed a disproportionately severe [limit] on the defendant 's right to compete after leaving the employment and went further than was reasonable in the interests of the parties .

Before 1833 only British and Burgher lawyers were allowed to practise in Colombo courts , but this restriction was lifted by the reforms of that year , and by the mid-century few British lawyers practised in Sri Lanka .
before 1833 only british and burgher lawyers were allowed to practise in colombo courts , but this [limit] was lifted by the reforms of that year , and by the mid-century few british lawyers practised in sri lanka .

The restriction to facilities provided by the same lender or group of lenders ensures that the facility and the borrowings in question are related .
the [limit] to facilities provided by the same lender or group of lenders ensures that the facility and the borrowings in question are related .

This introduction to a scene and the gradual unfolding of the action within it may seem to be a rather academic restriction on the freedom of the cameraman , but it is a most important movie-making technique because it gives the viewer the feeling of involvement as a participant in the exploration of the location .
this introduction to a scene and the gradual unfolding of the action within it may seem to be a rather academic [limit] on the freedom of the cameraman , but it is a most important movie-making technique because it gives the viewer the feeling of involvement as a participant in the exploration of the location .

Has there , for example , been a restriction in the circumstances in which it applies , or in the range of kin to whom it applies ?
has there , for example , been a [limit] in the circumstances in which it applies , or in the range of kin to whom it applies ?

Assays were carried out using a radiolabelled restriction fragment containing the anti- met- box construct ( 00186 ) .
assays were carried out using a radiolabelled [limit] fragment containing the anti- met- box construct ( 00186 ) .

There is a progressive restriction of the anterior domain of expression which is limited to rhombomere 4 in the hindbrain by 9.5 d.p.c .
there is a progressive [limit] of the anterior domain of expression which is limited to rhombomere 4 in the hindbrain by 9.5 d.p.c .

, these patterns becomes refined with a progressive restriction leading to the appearance of stripes of expression in r2 and r4 and a stream of crest cells migrating from each ( Fig .
, these patterns becomes refined with a progressive [limit] leading to the appearance of stripes of expression in r2 and r4 and a stream of crest cells migrating from each ( fig .

Restriction of breeding to older adults would be expected to reduce ageing because there is selection for higher longevity and high fertility at old ages in these ‘ old ’ lines .
[limit] of breeding to older adults would be expected to reduce ageing because there is selection for higher longevity and high fertility at old ages in these ‘ old ’ lines .

It also seems to require a restriction of the scope of the criminal law and a readiness to consider decriminalisation :
it also seems to require a [limit] of the scope of the criminal law and a readiness to consider decriminalisation :

The fact that the majority of people officially labelled as ‘ criminal ’ by the criminal justice system for the first time , never are again , seems to be a restriction on labelling theory 's potential in this respect .
the fact that the majority of people officially labelled as ‘ criminal ’ by the criminal justice system for the first time , never are again , seems to be a [limit] on labelling theory 's potential in this respect .

All consumers were urged to ‘ switch off at the peak ’ and in periods of severe difficulties moral suasion was backed up by statutory controls , though for small consumers these were practically impossible to enforce , so that voluntary restriction remained the more important .
all consumers were urged to ‘ switch off at the peak ’ and in periods of severe difficulties moral suasion was backed up by statutory controls , though for small consumers these were practically impossible to enforce , so that voluntary [limit] remained the more important .

On most appliances ( except cookers which were exempt ) the high postwar level of purchase tax ( varying between 50 per cent and 100 per cent for much of this period ) , government restriction of credit facilities , and the limited adoption of modern design and mass production techniques severely limited the market size .
on most appliances ( except cookers which were exempt ) the high postwar level of purchase tax ( varying between 50 per cent and 100 per cent for much of this period ) , government [limit] of credit facilities , and the limited adoption of modern design and mass production techniques severely limited the market size .

The Social Democrats once said that a new citizenship law should accompany any restriction of the right to asylum .
the social democrats once said that a new citizenship law should accompany any [limit] of the right to asylum .

The one major restriction upon the usefulness of Indian patronage to the manager of a political interest was the fact that it was restricted to the young .
the one major [limit] upon the usefulness of indian patronage to the manager of a political interest was the fact that it was restricted to the young .

The existing policy is one of seeking abortion on demand , up to the point of birth and without legal or medical restriction .
the existing policy is one of seeking abortion on demand , up to the point of birth and without legal or medical [limit] .

If the bill were to be passed as it now stands it would result in the restriction , and even removal , of presently existing freedoms for evangelistic work .
if the bill were to be passed as it now stands it would result in the [limit] , and even removal , of presently existing freedoms for evangelistic work .

Some forms of credit , but not others , were either subject to direct government restriction on lending ( terms control ) or encouraged by tax relief .
some forms of credit , but not others , were either subject to direct government [limit] on lending ( terms control ) or encouraged by tax relief .

Finally , the voluntary mountain bike restriction for Snowdon mentioned a couple of issues ago has been agreed between the interested parties .
finally , the voluntary mountain bike [limit] for snowdon mentioned a couple of issues ago has been agreed between the interested parties .

11.3 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement no Party shall be subject to any obligation to make any payment or to any restraint or restriction in respect of its use of technical information , whether results or background , insofar as such information is not subject to intellectual property rights of another Party hereto or its Related companies ( as the case may be ) or to any agreement with a third Party which may impose restrictions .
11.3 notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement no party shall be subject to any obligation to make any payment or to any restraint or [limit] in respect of its use of technical information , whether results or background , insofar as such information is not subject to intellectual property rights of another party hereto or its related companies ( as the case may be ) or to any agreement with a third party which may impose restrictions .

Thus courage and temperance , are conceived not as a restriction on our freedom but as requirements for its full development .
thus courage and temperance , are conceived not as a [limit] on our freedom but as requirements for its full development .

In relation to the material we are discussing there are already forms of legal restriction over the material which constitute regulation , though this is not usually called censorship .
in relation to the material we are discussing there are already forms of legal [limit] over the material which constitute regulation , though this is not usually called censorship .

The hope that the restriction imposed by the 1976 Act which limited defendants ' rights to produce evidence in court of the rape survivor 's past sexual relationships with persons other than the defendant would cause newspapers to lose interest in reporting rape cases was a hope that was totally misplaced .
the hope that the [limit] imposed by the 1976 act which limited defendants ' rights to produce evidence in court of the rape survivor 's past sexual relationships with persons other than the defendant would cause newspapers to lose interest in reporting rape cases was a hope that was totally misplaced .

It is also important for the teacher to know if any treatment is being given , such as eye drops , whether exercises have been prescribed and if there is any restriction on physical activities such as diving or lifting heavy weights .
it is also important for the teacher to know if any treatment is being given , such as eye drops , whether exercises have been prescribed and if there is any [limit] on physical activities such as diving or lifting heavy weights .

Lateral and medial stabilisers are incorporated on to the outsole to prevent rollover while the design features a flex notch , which has been cut into the outsole to counter any restriction of movement .
lateral and medial stabilisers are incorporated on to the outsole to prevent rollover while the design features a flex notch , which has been cut into the outsole to counter any [limit] of movement .

The Grancourt Gstaad features a flex notch to counter any restriction of movement
the grancourt gstaad features a flex notch to counter any [limit] of movement

But that was not much consolation because that too is subject to a steam restriction for the same reason and diesel haulage was again in place .
but that was not much consolation because that too is subject to a steam [limit] for the same reason and diesel haulage was again in place .

The building regulations do not impose the same degree of restriction on the developer as the planning authority ; nevertheless , their implications in the development of proposed sites must be taken into account when Investigating viability .
the building regulations do not impose the same degree of [limit] on the developer as the planning authority ; nevertheless , their implications in the development of proposed sites must be taken into account when investigating viability .

Restrictive convenants are the most common legal restriction imposed on the purchaser and often go back over many years .
restrictive convenants are the most common legal [limit] imposed on the purchaser and often go back over many years .

This restriction will apply irrespective of the view expressed by the planning authorities .
this [limit] will apply irrespective of the view expressed by the planning authorities .

Where the vendor was attempting to define quality , a common restriction included in conveyances earlier in this century was that houses must cost not less than , say , £1000 .
where the vendor was attempting to define quality , a common [limit] included in conveyances earlier in this century was that houses must cost not less than , say , £1000 .

Such a restriction on land coming onto the market is irrelevant , but nostalgic .
such a [limit] on land coming onto the market is irrelevant , but nostalgic .

Currently , to define quality , the floor area or number of bedrooms may be stipulated ; a restriction may also be imposed on the proportion of detached , semi-detached or terraced dwellings .
currently , to define quality , the floor area or number of bedrooms may be stipulated ; a [limit] may also be imposed on the proportion of detached , semi-detached or terraced dwellings .

Where a vendor wishes to protect his own interests , those of his ’ successor in title ’ or of an adjoining owner , a restriction may be imposed that no development will be permitted within a defined distance of a certain boundary or existing dwelling .
where a vendor wishes to protect his own interests , those of his ’ successor in title ’ or of an adjoining owner , a [limit] may be imposed that no development will be permitted within a defined distance of a certain boundary or existing dwelling .

On the other hand , the restriction on placing independent pronouns in theme position in Arabic is not , strictly speaking , grammatical .
on the other hand , the [limit] on placing independent pronouns in theme position in arabic is not , strictly speaking , grammatical .

it is in those sectors of the housing market where government has taken most control and which provide cheap accommodation , that there is most restriction on entry for migrants .
it is in those sectors of the housing market where government has taken most control and which provide cheap accommodation , that there is most [limit] on entry for migrants .

With new forms of planning restriction limiting the amount of suburban extension that could be tacked on to existing built-up areas , housing developers increasingly looked to the surrounding rings of smaller settlements lying within commuting distance of city centres .
with new forms of planning [limit] limiting the amount of suburban extension that could be tacked on to existing built-up areas , housing developers increasingly looked to the surrounding rings of smaller settlements lying within commuting distance of city centres .

The general restriction of planning methods for rural housing to development control and a concern with the fabric of the built countryside pervades the whole attitude of structure planning to rural housing , not just policies .
the general [limit] of planning methods for rural housing to development control and a concern with the fabric of the built countryside pervades the whole attitude of structure planning to rural housing , not just policies .

If it were too small , the ‘ single ’ restriction might be removed ; if the whole family also needed to be sent to Japan this would add to the assignment costs , which might be an acceptable price to pay in order to send the right person .
if it were too small , the ‘ single ’ [limit] might be removed ; if the whole family also needed to be sent to japan this would add to the assignment costs , which might be an acceptable price to pay in order to send the right person .

Yes , because of the change described ( above ) , from the norms of science ( free enquiry , publications , respect for truth , resistance to argument from authority ) to the norms of commerce ( cost consciousness , restriction to profitable study , limited publication and need to retain commercially valuable technology secret , respect for adequate solutions , acceptance of the authority of ‘ current good practice ’ and standards and specifications — ‘ doing it by the book ’ ) . ( Metallurgy and Materials Engineering )
yes , because of the change described ( above ) , from the norms of science ( free enquiry , publications , respect for truth , resistance to argument from authority ) to the norms of commerce ( cost consciousness , [limit] to profitable study , limited publication and need to retain commercially valuable technology secret , respect for adequate solutions , acceptance of the authority of ‘ current good practice ’ and standards and specifications — ‘ doing it by the book ’ ) . ( metallurgy and materials engineering )

To the extent that there is an elision in the terms of debate , and the concept of postmodern arrangements is aligned only with a ‘ free ’ labour market variant of organizational forms , which actually means freedom for a few and restriction to much more repressive conditions for the many , then the terms of debate and choice are unnecessarily restricted .
to the extent that there is an elision in the terms of debate , and the concept of postmodern arrangements is aligned only with a ‘ free ’ labour market variant of organizational forms , which actually means freedom for a few and [limit] to much more repressive conditions for the many , then the terms of debate and choice are unnecessarily restricted .

The distinctiveness of the Swedish strategy will be seen to hinge on the central notions of citizenship and representation : on the one hand the deepening and extension of these on a universalistic basis in not only the political but also the economic sphere ; on the other hand their restriction within not only the economic but also the political sphere .
the distinctiveness of the swedish strategy will be seen to hinge on the central notions of citizenship and representation : on the one hand the deepening and extension of these on a universalistic basis in not only the political but also the economic sphere ; on the other hand their [limit] within not only the economic but also the political sphere .

Instead , the ‘ purity ’ of pure theory stems from its projected universality , so that theories , if correct , can be applied to friendship formations , emotional attributions or information-processing of all historical eras and contexts without restriction .
instead , the ‘ purity ’ of pure theory stems from its projected universality , so that theories , if correct , can be applied to friendship formations , emotional attributions or information-processing of all historical eras and contexts without [limit] .

Restrictive covenants amount to a restriction on the use of the owner 's land for the benefit of an owner of other land .
restrictive covenants amount to a [limit] on the use of the owner 's land for the benefit of an owner of other land .

There are residents of the private company villages who maintain a hatred for the system of tied housing and restriction , embodied in the figures of the colliery manager and the company policeman , the deputies and the butties .
there are residents of the private company villages who maintain a hatred for the system of tied housing and [limit] , embodied in the figures of the colliery manager and the company policeman , the deputies and the butties .

Some of the restriction of syntactic potential of idioms is clearly semantically motivated .
some of the [limit] of syntactic potential of idioms is clearly semantically motivated .

Neither of these two previous statements implies a restriction on how the drawing can be laid out but rather indicates a preferred order to simplify the mental visualization necessary for the designer .
neither of these two previous statements implies a [limit] on how the drawing can be laid out but rather indicates a preferred order to simplify the mental visualization necessary for the designer .

Equally important , the bodies of the actors conceal their own shadows on the screen , provided they do n't move too fast and the camera stands still , or at least does not move sideways This restriction can be irksome at times in which case rear projection — otherwise largely superseded — comes into play .
equally important , the bodies of the actors conceal their own shadows on the screen , provided they do n't move too fast and the camera stands still , or at least does not move sideways this [limit] can be irksome at times in which case rear projection — otherwise largely superseded — comes into play .

This is a severe restriction which the travelling matte overcomes .
this is a severe [limit] which the travelling matte overcomes .

Firstly , there is restriction of entry into the occupation , which is provided by the profession 's control of the training and qualifications required for membership and the numbers deemed necessary to provide an adequate service .
firstly , there is [limit] of entry into the occupation , which is provided by the profession 's control of the training and qualifications required for membership and the numbers deemed necessary to provide an adequate service .

There is particular concern about the impact of this restriction on applicants for the foundation 's ‘ intercollated ’ awards , which enable medical and dental students to carry out a research project leading to a BSc .
there is particular concern about the impact of this [limit] on applicants for the foundation 's ‘ intercollated ’ awards , which enable medical and dental students to carry out a research project leading to a bsc .

There is now considerable evidence to show that prices are higher in areas of special restriction , such as AONBs and national parks , than in the surrounding region ( Penfold 1974 ; Bennett 1976 ; Standing Conference of Rural Community Councils 1979 ; Shucksmith 1981 ) .
there is now considerable evidence to show that prices are higher in areas of special [limit] , such as aonbs and national parks , than in the surrounding region ( penfold 1974 ; bennett 1976 ; standing conference of rural community councils 1979 ; shucksmith 1981 ) .

While in the early history of the struggle for freedom of speech the restrictions were enforced by criminal prosecutions , it is clear that a civil action is as great , if not a greater , restriction than a criminal prosecution .
while in the early history of the struggle for freedom of speech the restrictions were enforced by criminal prosecutions , it is clear that a civil action is as great , if not a greater , [limit] than a criminal prosecution .

( ii ) Next it was submitted that it is an excessive restriction upon free expression to extend the ordinary law of libel , which is necessary for the protection of the reputation of private individuals , to a local government authority .
( ii ) next it was submitted that it is an excessive [limit] upon free expression to extend the ordinary law of libel , which is necessary for the protection of the reputation of private individuals , to a local government authority .

To allow a local government authority to sue for libel would , in my judgment , impose a substantial restriction upon freedom of expression .
to allow a local government authority to sue for libel would , in my judgment , impose a substantial [limit] upon freedom of expression .

To allow the local authority itself , also , to sue in libel under the law applicable to actions by an ordinary individual would add substantially to the restriction caused by that ordinary risk .
to allow the local authority itself , also , to sue in libel under the law applicable to actions by an ordinary individual would add substantially to the [limit] caused by that ordinary risk .

But the type of argument advanced by Rowthorn carries the implication that nationalisation of modern international enterprises represents , in one respect , a restriction of the scope of economic calculation by tying it to national objectives .
but the type of argument advanced by rowthorn carries the implication that nationalisation of modern international enterprises represents , in one respect , a [limit] of the scope of economic calculation by tying it to national objectives .

Heathcoat-Amory 's election budget was followed in 1960 by the ‘ stop ’ measures of credit restriction and high interest rates .
heathcoat-amory 's election budget was followed in 1960 by the ‘ stop ’ measures of credit [limit] and high interest rates .

This ‘ problem ’ reflected the increased power of the shop stewards movement in a macroeconomic context of sustained relatively full employment and an industrial context of increased concentration of labour in the mass production of standardised commodities , and was probably exacerbated by the restriction of real wages over the late '60s : it was by no means unique to Britain .
this ‘ problem ’ reflected the increased power of the shop stewards movement in a macroeconomic context of sustained relatively full employment and an industrial context of increased concentration of labour in the mass production of standardised commodities , and was probably exacerbated by the [limit] of real wages over the late '60s : it was by no means unique to britain .

The intentions of this government in the ‘ Selsdon ’ phase are well known : to regenerate a profitable , fast-growing , internationally competitive British capitalism by creating ‘ incentives ’ ( direct tax cuts ) , outlawing the ‘ disruptive ’ activities of industrial militants , and reducing state ‘ interference ’ in the workings of the market : no more support for ‘ lame ducks ’ ; no more detailed quantitative restriction on credit ; no more incomes policy .
the intentions of this government in the ‘ selsdon ’ phase are well known : to regenerate a profitable , fast-growing , internationally competitive british capitalism by creating ‘ incentives ’ ( direct tax cuts ) , outlawing the ‘ disruptive ’ activities of industrial militants , and reducing state ‘ interference ’ in the workings of the market : no more support for ‘ lame ducks ’ ; no more detailed quantitative [limit] on credit ; no more incomes policy .

The longest period of Venetian ascendancy lasted from 1204 to 1358 , during which time there was constant friction because of the restriction placed on Ragusa 's maritime trade by its great rival .
the longest period of venetian ascendancy lasted from 1204 to 1358 , during which time there was constant friction because of the [limit] placed on ragusa 's maritime trade by its great rival .

The most important restriction on any extended application of the rule is the requirement of non-natural user .
the most important [limit] on any extended application of the rule is the requirement of non-natural user .

analysis of restriction fragment length polymorphisms
analysis of [limit] fragment length polymorphisms

Analysis of restriction fragment length polymorphisms , previously a stock-in-trade of molecular genetics , has been revolutionised by the polymerase chain reaction .
analysis of [limit] fragment length polymorphisms , previously a stock-in-trade of molecular genetics , has been revolutionised by the polymerase chain reaction .

Analysis of restriction fragment length polymorphisms
analysis of [limit] fragment length polymorphisms

The current use of restriction orders ( section 41 ) circumvents this problem and has not led to abuse .
the current use of [limit] orders ( section 41 ) circumvents this problem and has not led to abuse .

The virulent mutant of phage λ [ 18 ] was used for the in vivo testing of restriction and modification following previously described methods [ 3 , 19 ] .
the virulent mutant of phage λ [ 18 ] was used for the in vivo testing of [limit] and modification following previously described methods [ 3 , 19 ] .

Restriction assay of wild type endonuclease .
[limit] assay of wild type endonuclease .

Restriction assay of the temperature-sensitive endonuclease .
[limit] assay of the temperature-sensitive endonuclease .

Their procedure requires that the cDNA is digested with combinations of 4 base pair cutting restriction endonucleases to ensure a greater representation of cDNA species during amplification .
their procedure requires that the cdna is digested with combinations of 4 base pair cutting [limit] endonucleases to ensure a greater representation of cdna species during amplification .

Restriction nuclease digestion of NCp7:DNA complexes
[limit] nuclease digestion of ncp7:dna complexes

The ability of NCp7 mutants to protect the DNAs from restriction nuclease digestion was also examined ( fig .
the ability of ncp7 mutants to protect the dnas from [limit] nuclease digestion was also examined ( fig .

1807 " The Meeting having revised the Consideration of last year 's resolution respecting the Restriction as to the Liquor … now think that this restriction is not necessary … the Constables shall also be prohibited from Eating or Drinking at the Expence of the Publick . "
1807 " the meeting having revised the consideration of last year 's resolution respecting the [limit] as to the liquor … now think that this [limit] is not necessary … the constables shall also be prohibited from eating or drinking at the expence of the publick . "

But the main restriction on senior house officers ' training is the overwhelming dominance of service commitments over training requirements .
but the main [limit] on senior house officers ' training is the overwhelming dominance of service commitments over training requirements .

What then would happen to children falling below these levels , who as a result of this restriction might be denied appropriate teaching ?
what then would happen to children falling below these levels , who as a result of this [limit] might be denied appropriate teaching ?

More than this , there were well-known precedents abroad-in the cities of Lombardy and in France , for example — and there existed already such a restriction in some English boroughs .
more than this , there were well-known precedents abroad-in the cities of lombardy and in france , for example — and there existed already such a [limit] in some english boroughs .

Despite the opportunities for patronage and profit which resulted from the statute , what we need to note here is the existence of an explicit legal restriction on endowments for the church , a limitation which found its way on to the statute books and into the consciousness , therefore , of lawyers and members of parliament for the rest of the Middle Ages .
despite the opportunities for patronage and profit which resulted from the statute , what we need to note here is the existence of an explicit legal [limit] on endowments for the church , a limitation which found its way on to the statute books and into the consciousness , therefore , of lawyers and members of parliament for the rest of the middle ages .

Hence it is hardly probable that a group of remarks about the first four groups could place any restriction on the nature of the two later groups , and thus there is a lot of room for an invalidating counter-example to the principle of closure .
hence it is hardly probable that a group of remarks about the first four groups could place any [limit] on the nature of the two later groups , and thus there is a lot of room for an invalidating counter-example to the principle of closure .

The source of this problem , as Sampson ( 1980 : 153 ) points out , is that the narrow restriction of ‘ data ’ to constructed sentences and personal introspection leads to a ‘ non-testability ’ , in principle , of any claims made .
the source of this problem , as sampson ( 1980 : 153 ) points out , is that the narrow [limit] of ‘ data ’ to constructed sentences and personal introspection leads to a ‘ non-testability ’ , in principle , of any claims made .

Nor is doling out rewards in tiny instalments the only restriction that a plant may impose in order to compel its pollen-carriers to provide the service it requires .
nor is doling out rewards in tiny instalments the only [limit] that a plant may impose in order to compel its pollen-carriers to provide the service it requires .

The question is whether , apart from the requirement of proof that the third party was knowingly concerned in the contravention , there is any jurisdictional restriction on the court 's power to make an order under section 6 ( 2 ) against responsible third parties .
the question is whether , apart from the requirement of proof that the third party was knowingly concerned in the contravention , there is any jurisdictional [limit] on the court 's power to make an order under section 6 ( 2 ) against responsible third parties .

‘ that , although , by the indulgence of the court , a statutory tenant might be permitted to continue to occupy premises after the making of an order for possession , he was not , during such a period of occupation , a statutory tenant with all the rights to protection conferred by the Rent Restriction Acts which he had enjoyed before the order for possession was made ; and , consequently , the daughter could not claim protection as a ‘ tenant ’ under section 12 , subsection ( 1 ) … ’
‘ that , although , by the indulgence of the court , a statutory tenant might be permitted to continue to occupy premises after the making of an order for possession , he was not , during such a period of occupation , a statutory tenant with all the rights to protection conferred by the rent [limit] acts which he had enjoyed before the order for possession was made ; and , consequently , the daughter could not claim protection as a ‘ tenant ’ under section 12 , subsection ( 1 ) … ’

Section 3(1) lays down the restriction on acceptance of deposits , which is the cornerstone of the Bank of England 's power to regulate banks and other deposit-taking institutions in the United Kingdom :
section 3(1) lays down the [limit] on acceptance of deposits , which is the cornerstone of the bank of england 's power to regulate banks and other deposit-taking institutions in the united kingdom :

This restriction ensures that section 87 can not be exploited , that there will be no difficulty in identifying a genuine successor and that only bona fide claims to have been residing with the tenant shall succeed .
this [limit] ensures that section 87 can not be exploited , that there will be no difficulty in identifying a genuine successor and that only bona fide claims to have been residing with the tenant shall succeed .

In any event , the applicants in the main proceedings took the view that the limits of the permitted purpose and extent of such a restriction should be clearly delineated for the avoidance of doubt or evasion .
in any event , the applicants in the main proceedings took the view that the limits of the permitted purpose and extent of such a [limit] should be clearly delineated for the avoidance of doubt or evasion .

‘ The provisions of articles 30 to 34 shall not preclude prohibitions or restrictions on imports , exports , or goods in transit justified on the grounds of … public policy … the protection of health and life of humans ; … Such prohibitions or restrictions shall not , however , constitute a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguise to restriction on trade between member states .
‘ the provisions of articles 30 to 34 shall not preclude prohibitions or restrictions on imports , exports , or goods in transit justified on the grounds of … public policy … the protection of health and life of humans ; … such prohibitions or restrictions shall not , however , constitute a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguise to [limit] on trade between member states .

‘ ( 1 ) Where a member state prohibits retail premises from being open on Sunday for the sale of goods to customers , save in respect of certain specified items sales of which are permitted , and where the effect of the prohibition is to reduce in absolute terms the sales of goods in those premises including goods manufactured in other member states , and correspondingly to reduce the volume of imports of goods from other member states , is such a prohibition a measure having equivalent effect to a quantitative restriction on imports within the meaning of article 30 of the Treaty ?
‘ ( 1 ) where a member state prohibits retail premises from being open on sunday for the sale of goods to customers , save in respect of certain specified items sales of which are permitted , and where the effect of the prohibition is to reduce in absolute terms the sales of goods in those premises including goods manufactured in other member states , and correspondingly to reduce the volume of imports of goods from other member states , is such a prohibition a measure having equivalent effect to a quantitative [limit] on imports within the meaning of article 30 of the treaty ?

The restriction is as repugnant to the nature of the tenancy in the one case as in the other .
the [limit] is as repugnant to the nature of the tenancy in the one case as in the other .

3 Restriction on proceedings and remedies
3 [limit] on proceedings and remedies

And there is no restriction on candidates , although telemarketing companies say they try to avoid using people convicted for fraud .
and there is no [limit] on candidates , although telemarketing companies say they try to avoid using people convicted for fraud .

Even this restriction is not enough : consider the following pair of processes .
even this [limit] is not enough : consider the following pair of processes .

For the provisions relating to the extension and restriction of permitted hours , see 55.64 and 65 .
for the provisions relating to the extension and [limit] of permitted hours , see 55.64 and 65 .

Overall , the patterns and contexts of use indicated a restriction in the respondents ' minds about the nature and purpose of cotton wool .
overall , the patterns and contexts of use indicated a [limit] in the respondents ' minds about the nature and purpose of cotton wool .

This restriction on the scope of industrial goods markets has become more significant given the degree of industrial and commercial concentration that has taken place since , say , 1945 .
this [limit] on the scope of industrial goods markets has become more significant given the degree of industrial and commercial concentration that has taken place since , say , 1945 .

When he burst out against some restriction , delay , inaccuracy or bureaucratic procedure that was choking him , Laura sat with her hands neatly folded staring straight in front of her , a controlled tear welling in the corner of her eye , but never even near to a response .
when he burst out against some [limit] , delay , inaccuracy or bureaucratic procedure that was choking him , laura sat with her hands neatly folded staring straight in front of her , a controlled tear welling in the corner of her eye , but never even near to a response .

From this the courts have inferred that , except where the employer is under a statutory duty or there is some other restriction as to the type of contract that it can make with its servants or the grounds on which it can dismiss them , the servant has no procedural protection .
from this the courts have inferred that , except where the employer is under a statutory duty or there is some other [limit] as to the type of contract that it can make with its servants or the grounds on which it can dismiss them , the servant has no procedural protection .

This restriction on waiver is to be welcomed ; such a surrender of rights should not be inferred lightly .
this [limit] on waiver is to be welcomed ; such a surrender of rights should not be inferred lightly .

The milk restriction was lifted 44 days after the accident when the radioactivity levels fell to an acceptable level ( iodine-131 has a half-life of 8.1 days ) .
the milk [limit] was lifted 44 days after the accident when the radioactivity levels fell to an acceptable level ( iodine-131 has a half-life of 8.1 days ) .

Protective measures included staying indoors during the passage of the radiation cloud ; the removal of the outer leaves and washing of vegetables , and the washing and peeling of fresh fruit ; the ban by Western European countries on the importation of fresh food from areas of Eastern Europe within 1000 km of Chernobyl ; the restriction in consumption of fresh milk and free-range eggs ; the removal of cattle and sheep from open pasture or a ban on their sale ( for example , 2.5 million sheep in parts of north Wales were prohibited temporarily from being moved or slaughtered ; Kerr et al .
protective measures included staying indoors during the passage of the radiation cloud ; the removal of the outer leaves and washing of vegetables , and the washing and peeling of fresh fruit ; the ban by western european countries on the importation of fresh food from areas of eastern europe within 1000 km of chernobyl ; the [limit] in consumption of fresh milk and free-range eggs ; the removal of cattle and sheep from open pasture or a ban on their sale ( for example , 2.5 million sheep in parts of north wales were prohibited temporarily from being moved or slaughtered ; kerr et al .

Thus his freedom to father children was subject to the law , even though he could not be allowed to know that he was under restriction .
thus his freedom to father children was subject to the law , even though he could not be allowed to know that he was under [limit] .

Yet contrary to what one might expect , the capacity for assimilation is not accompanied by a discursive restriction .
yet contrary to what one might expect , the capacity for assimilation is not accompanied by a discursive [limit] .

Tracking , curfews , electronic monitoring and weekend restrictions were suggested for use with new supervision and restriction orders .
tracking , curfews , electronic monitoring and weekend restrictions were suggested for use with new supervision and [limit] orders .

For the credit marketer who is looking either to reach higher volumes of target customers throughout the country , or who needs higher volumes of names for a rolled-out marketing campaign , this restriction forms and important limitation .
for the credit marketer who is looking either to reach higher volumes of target customers throughout the country , or who needs higher volumes of names for a rolled-out marketing campaign , this [limit] forms and important limitation .

Some of the reviews recommended the closure of departments and the restriction of others to undergraduate teaching .
some of the reviews recommended the closure of departments and the [limit] of others to undergraduate teaching .

Restriction notices designed to keep the canals and their water supply safe .
[limit] notices designed to keep the canals and their water supply safe .

Restriction notices designed to keep the canals and their water supply safe .
[limit] notices designed to keep the canals and their water supply safe .

On the water the Aqua-Pak felt comfortable with very little restriction in movement .
on the water the aqua-pak felt comfortable with very little [limit] in movement .

Porto Heli has a large , nearly enclosed bay , and steady winds in which it 's safe to leave novices to romp for hour upon hour with little restriction .
porto heli has a large , nearly enclosed bay , and steady winds in which it 's safe to leave novices to romp for hour upon hour with little [limit] .

There is no restriction on the number of applications that these people may attest .
there is no [limit] on the number of applications that these people may attest .

this is a restriction on the debtor personally preventing him from disposing of or dealing in any property owned by him .
this is a [limit] on the debtor personally preventing him from disposing of or dealing in any property owned by him .

The Rent and Mortgage Restriction Act , 1915 , fixed rents at the levels obtaining in 1914 , and although it was introduced as a wartime emergency measure , it became politically impossible to repeal after hostilities ceased .
the rent and mortgage [limit] act , 1915 , fixed rents at the levels obtaining in 1914 , and although it was introduced as a wartime emergency measure , it became politically impossible to repeal after hostilities ceased .

The confusion over the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act 1935 did not help : there were uncertainties between the Ministries of Transport and Health , delay over necessary action and ineffectiveness once it had been taken .
the confusion over the [limit] of ribbon development act 1935 did not help : there were uncertainties between the ministries of transport and health , delay over necessary action and ineffectiveness once it had been taken .

It is considered therefore that the lack of height limitation in current Building Regulations may be acceptable and , further , that no greater restriction in terms of floor area than those appertaining at present is justifiable .
it is considered therefore that the lack of height limitation in current building regulations may be acceptable and , further , that no greater [limit] in terms of floor area than those appertaining at present is justifiable .

Various Local Acts vary this so that all warehouses without restriction are covered by section 60 .
various local acts vary this so that all warehouses without [limit] are covered by section 60 .

And this restriction is ultimately anathema to an institution of higher education , which must be founded on a continuing conversation about its ends and its values , and their fulfilment through its internal human transactions .
and this [limit] is ultimately anathema to an institution of higher education , which must be founded on a continuing conversation about its ends and its values , and their fulfilment through its internal human transactions .

These interpreted output restriction in terms of the social requirements of sustaining a group structure .
these interpreted output [limit] in terms of the social requirements of sustaining a group structure .

In one case , Roy ( 1952 ) observed that output restriction stopped short of the point where management would have re-timed jobs and cut the piece rates ; in another ( 1954 ) study operators , inspectors and supervisors cooperated in informal practices to ‘ fix ’ a fair job rate .
in one case , roy ( 1952 ) observed that output [limit] stopped short of the point where management would have re-timed jobs and cut the piece rates ; in another ( 1954 ) study operators , inspectors and supervisors cooperated in informal practices to ‘ fix ’ a fair job rate .

Other factors arousing hostile behaviour are tension , restriction of physical space and the cultural background of the boys in the group .
other factors arousing hostile behaviour are tension , [limit] of physical space and the cultural background of the boys in the group .

This project was halted in 1821 , partly because the Bank 's engraver was able to produce banknotes similar to theirs and partly because in that year the restriction on cash payments was lifted , reducing the need for banknotes .
this project was halted in 1821 , partly because the bank 's engraver was able to produce banknotes similar to theirs and partly because in that year the [limit] on cash payments was lifted , reducing the need for banknotes .

War-time restriction on milk-chocolate seemed to have given confectionery manufacturers a fanatical devotion to the stuff .
war-time [limit] on milk-chocolate seemed to have given confectionery manufacturers a fanatical devotion to the stuff .

( a ) The extent of the restriction is solely a matter of construction of the articles of association .
( a ) the extent of the [limit] is solely a matter of construction of the articles of association .

If , therefore , it is not clear whether a restriction applies to any transfer or only to a transfer to , say , a non-member , or to any type of disposition or only to a sale the narrower construction will be adopted .
if , therefore , it is not clear whether a [limit] applies to any transfer or only to a transfer to , say , a non-member , or to any type of disposition or only to a sale the narrower construction will be adopted .

However , the fact that there is some restriction on the power of the company to deal with assets subject to a charge does not preclude it from being a floating charge .
however , the fact that there is some [limit] on the power of the company to deal with assets subject to a charge does not preclude it from being a floating charge .

To preclude a charge from being a floating charge , the restriction must substantially deprive the company of the power to deal with its assets in the normal course of business .
to preclude a charge from being a floating charge , the [limit] must substantially deprive the company of the power to deal with its assets in the normal course of business .

If the later mortgage is legal , the mortgagee will obtain priority by virtue of his legal interest unless he has notice not only of the floating charge but also of the restriction in it .
if the later mortgage is legal , the mortgagee will obtain priority by virtue of his legal interest unless he has notice not only of the floating charge but also of the [limit] in it .

’ This restriction to certain defined events would appear to exclude commercial gatherings , and aimless events ( once depicted as ‘ happenings ’ ) .
’ this [limit] to certain defined events would appear to exclude commercial gatherings , and aimless events ( once depicted as ‘ happenings ’ ) .

It may be argued that this is an appropriate restriction , since the law catches only those who disseminate or broadcast their propaganda on a wide scale , and not those whose correspondence is entirely private .
it may be argued that this is an appropriate [limit] , since the law catches only those who disseminate or broadcast their propaganda on a wide scale , and not those whose correspondence is entirely private .

Another degree of restriction might take the form of a bequest .
another degree of [limit] might take the form of a bequest .

If a bequest to a school was specified in terms of ‘ the best performance in the School Certificate ’ it would be unreasonable not to release that restriction when the School Certificate was abolished .
if a bequest to a school was specified in terms of ‘ the best performance in the school certificate ’ it would be unreasonable not to release that [limit] when the school certificate was abolished .

It would be a matter of judgement as to how broadly any new restriction was imposed .
it would be a matter of judgement as to how broadly any new [limit] was imposed .

An extreme form of restriction would relate to a specific government grant .
an extreme form of [limit] would relate to a specific government grant .

The restriction in this case would be in law and would be an absolute one .
the [limit] in this case would be in law and would be an absolute one .

Undercutting , polishing and pitting up to about 3 m ( 10 ft ) confirms that wind has played at least an important part in their development , while their restriction to areas of erodible sandstone providing a large amount of material for sand blasting also strongly suggests the part played by the wind .
undercutting , polishing and pitting up to about 3 m ( 10 ft ) confirms that wind has played at least an important part in their development , while their [limit] to areas of erodible sandstone providing a large amount of material for sand blasting also strongly suggests the part played by the wind .

But the restriction need not be as great as it first appears .
but the [limit] need not be as great as it first appears .

( b ) They all operate on a very broad restriction against acting for clients who can afford to pay solicitors ’ fees .
( b ) they all operate on a very broad [limit] against acting for clients who can afford to pay solicitors ’ fees .

The Legal Aid Board is of the view that the disadvantages of such a scheme , that is the restriction on the applicants ' choice of solicitor to have the main conduct of the case and a weakening of the direct link between the legally aided plaintiff and the solicitor , are far outweighed by the advantages .
the legal aid board is of the view that the disadvantages of such a scheme , that is the [limit] on the applicants ' choice of solicitor to have the main conduct of the case and a weakening of the direct link between the legally aided plaintiff and the solicitor , are far outweighed by the advantages .

But what is one to make of a solemn pronouncement in a Companies Act that ‘ an insurance company which contravenes a restriction to which it is subject by virtue of subsections ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) above shall be guilty of an offence and liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years ’ ?
but what is one to make of a solemn pronouncement in a companies act that ‘ an insurance company which contravenes a [limit] to which it is subject by virtue of subsections ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) above shall be guilty of an offence and liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years ’ ?

‘ In the Court of Appeal considerable doubt was expressed by that court as to whether an absolute prohibition on the import of a particular description of goods could amount to a quantitative restriction or a measure having equivalent effect , so as to fall within the ambit of Article 30 at all .
‘ in the court of appeal considerable doubt was expressed by that court as to whether an absolute prohibition on the import of a particular description of goods could amount to a quantitative [limit] or a measure having equivalent effect , so as to fall within the ambit of article 30 at all .

She was not sure whether she wanted to sit within the circle ; it might seem more like a restriction than protection .
she was not sure whether she wanted to sit within the circle ; it might seem more like a [limit] than protection .

Another issue which needs to be addressed is the restriction on building and construction students wanting to attend European awareness — raising events .
another issue which needs to be addressed is the [limit] on building and construction students wanting to attend european awareness — raising events .

Whether there should be a temporary restriction in the range of duties required of the employee ; and
whether there should be a temporary [limit] in the range of duties required of the employee ; and

11.2 At the same time , the Department recognises that it has long been practice to seek assistance from the police in certain situations , particularly in order to avoid a breach of the peace when carrying out statutory duties which involve the restriction of liberty and removal of persons .
11.2 at the same time , the department recognises that it has long been practice to seek assistance from the police in certain situations , particularly in order to avoid a breach of the peace when carrying out statutory duties which involve the [limit] of liberty and removal of persons .

However , the Ministry of Agriculture 's advisory committee on pesticides in drinking water may now recommend a ban or restriction on its use .
however , the ministry of agriculture 's advisory committee on pesticides in drinking water may now recommend a ban or [limit] on its use .

Some of these seem deficient : for example , the restriction of pragmatics to grammatically encoded aspects of context , or the notion that pragmatics should be built on the concept of appropriateness .
some of these seem deficient : for example , the [limit] of pragmatics to grammatically encoded aspects of context , or the notion that pragmatics should be built on the concept of appropriateness .

The major restriction must of course be culinary inexperience .
the major [limit] must of course be culinary inexperience .

The organisation has concluded that emissions from eight key power stations urgently need restriction to save areas that are acutely vulnerable to acid rain .
the organisation has concluded that emissions from eight key power stations urgently need [limit] to save areas that are acutely vulnerable to acid rain .

The London Stock Exchange invariably requires that a company seeking a listing provides in its articles of association that its shares will be free from any restriction on the right of transfer and free from any lien ( see the Yellow Book , section 1 , chapter 2 , para 4 and section 9 , chapter 1 , para 1.2 ) .
the london stock exchange invariably requires that a company seeking a listing provides in its articles of association that its shares will be free from any [limit] on the right of transfer and free from any lien ( see the yellow book , section 1 , chapter 2 , para 4 and section 9 , chapter 1 , para 1.2 ) .

The following provisions should be noted in particular : As regards 5.9.1 , many company tenants do not like a restriction on holding on trust for another as this may interfere with their internal arrangements , but the landlord 's concerns are understood in this regard .
the following provisions should be noted in particular : as regards 5.9.1 , many company tenants do not like a [limit] on holding on trust for another as this may interfere with their internal arrangements , but the landlord 's concerns are understood in this regard .

Fourteen days would seem to be a more reasonable period though the landlord may be concerned that this could leave little time for it to make a considered response where the notice is subject to a time restriction .
fourteen days would seem to be a more reasonable period though the landlord may be concerned that this could leave little time for it to make a considered response where the notice is subject to a time [limit] .

Section 13 ( 1 ) provides that : To the extent that this Part of this Act prevents the exclusion or restriction of any liability it also prevents — ( a ) making the liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions ; ( b ) excluding or restricting any right or remedy in respect of the liability , or subjecting a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any such right or remedy .
section 13 ( 1 ) provides that : to the extent that this part of this act prevents the exclusion or [limit] of any liability it also prevents — ( a ) making the liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions ; ( b ) excluding or restricting any right or remedy in respect of the liability , or subjecting a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any such right or remedy .

The presence of an unenforceable restriction on liability may unrealistically raise the client 's expectations .
the presence of an unenforceable [limit] on liability may unrealistically raise the client 's expectations .

Generally a restriction on the right to reject will be coupled with an express undertaking to make an allowance against the goods , or to repair or replace them .
generally a [limit] on the right to reject will be coupled with an express undertaking to make an allowance against the goods , or to repair or replace them .

However , the ambit of the Act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the Act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .
however , the ambit of the act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the act applies the exclusion or [limit] of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .

The Law of Property Act 1925 s84 makes provision for application to the court in such a case to modify or discharge the restrictions , and now , under the Law of Property Act 1969 , similar powers are given to the Lands Tribunal on grounds that the restriction impedes a use of the land that would be reasonable .
the law of property act 1925 s84 makes provision for application to the court in such a case to modify or discharge the restrictions , and now , under the law of property act 1969 , similar powers are given to the lands tribunal on grounds that the [limit] impedes a use of the land that would be reasonable .

Restrictions are a warning that there is some restriction on the powers of dealing with a registered property by the registered proprietor ; eg by a tenant for life .
restrictions are a warning that there is some [limit] on the powers of dealing with a registered property by the registered proprietor ; eg by a tenant for life .

Entry of a Notice or a Restriction can ( and more commonly does ) procure a restraint on the uninhibited exercise of the powers of a registered proprietor .
entry of a notice or a [limit] can ( and more commonly does ) procure a restraint on the uninhibited exercise of the powers of a registered proprietor .

If there are two owners , there may also be a restriction recorded with regard to the ability of one of them to dispose of the property .
if there are two owners , there may also be a [limit] recorded with regard to the ability of one of them to dispose of the property .

Last amongst these devices for the protection of interests in registered land , is the restriction on the powers of registered proprietors to deal with their land ; for example , that partnership property shall not be disposed of after the death of one of the partners without the consent of his or her personal representatives ; or that no disposition is to be registered without the consent of the proprietor of a registered charge ( this last one a not uncommon precaution of building societies ) .
last amongst these devices for the protection of interests in registered land , is the [limit] on the powers of registered proprietors to deal with their land ; for example , that partnership property shall not be disposed of after the death of one of the partners without the consent of his or her personal representatives ; or that no disposition is to be registered without the consent of the proprietor of a registered charge ( this last one a not uncommon precaution of building societies ) .

Acting for the owner of a minor interest , if protection is required this will be by registration of a Notice , caution , restriction or ( rarely ) inhibition .
acting for the owner of a minor interest , if protection is required this will be by registration of a notice , caution , [limit] or ( rarely ) inhibition .

Absolute exemption from restriction or regulation is never obtained : circumstances , social or economic , may have altered , since they obtained acceptance , in such a way as to call for a fresh examination ; there may be some exorbitance or special feature in the individual contract which takes it out of the accepted category : but the court however must be persuaded of this before it calls upon the relevant party to justify a contract of this kind .
absolute exemption from [limit] or regulation is never obtained : circumstances , social or economic , may have altered , since they obtained acceptance , in such a way as to call for a fresh examination ; there may be some exorbitance or special feature in the individual contract which takes it out of the accepted category : but the court however must be persuaded of this before it calls upon the relevant party to justify a contract of this kind .

He said : Any contract by which a person engages to give his exclusive services to another for a period necessarily involves extensive restriction during that period of the common law right to exercise any lawful activity he chooses in such manner as he thinks best .
he said : any contract by which a person engages to give his exclusive services to another for a period necessarily involves extensive [limit] during that period of the common law right to exercise any lawful activity he chooses in such manner as he thinks best .

These are : ( a ) Is the restriction necessary ?
these are : ( a ) is the [limit] necessary ?

( b ) Is the restriction reasonably capable of enforcement in an oppressive manner ?
( b ) is the [limit] reasonably capable of enforcement in an oppressive manner ?

What is clear is that the word oppressive does not necessarily mean that the defendant has been induced to enter the restriction by fraud , misrepresentation , deceit or forced to enter it by duress .
what is clear is that the word oppressive does not necessarily mean that the defendant has been induced to enter the [limit] by fraud , misrepresentation , deceit or forced to enter it by duress .

The first is that in cases of doubt the courts will construe the restriction contra proferentes .
the first is that in cases of doubt the courts will construe the [limit] contra proferentes .

One further restriction on the type of information which may be subject to an obligation of confidentiality has been briefly mentioned above .
one further [limit] on the type of information which may be subject to an obligation of confidentiality has been briefly mentioned above .

He anticipated that some might say that not all such information is a trade secret in ordinary parlance but if that were correct then `` the class of information which can justify the restriction is wider and extends to some confidential information which would not ordinarily be called a trade secret `` .
he anticipated that some might say that not all such information is a trade secret in ordinary parlance but if that were correct then `` the class of information which can justify the [limit] is wider and extends to some confidential information which would not ordinarily be called a trade secret `` .

Likewise , if visitors have been allowed to walk around his premises without restriction then the court will take this into account in its examination of the claim .
likewise , if visitors have been allowed to walk around his premises without [limit] then the court will take this into account in its examination of the claim .

By applying a strict rule of corporate personality it decided that a restriction which benefited any person other than the contracting parties was `` in gross `` and therefore unenforceable .
by applying a strict rule of corporate personality it decided that a [limit] which benefited any person other than the contracting parties was `` in gross `` and therefore unenforceable .

In the area of competition and canvassing there are three general headings under which the courts will examine the existence of reasonableness of a restraint : 4.1 Restricted activities If the employer seeks by contractual restraint to restrict the activities of a former employee by proscribing the types of business in which the employee may become engaged once employment is over then he can only do so if he can establish a close connection betwee the restriction and the work done by the employee prior to leaving .
in the area of competition and canvassing there are three general headings under which the courts will examine the existence of reasonableness of a restraint : 4.1 restricted activities if the employer seeks by contractual restraint to restrict the activities of a former employee by proscribing the types of business in which the employee may become engaged once employment is over then he can only do so if he can establish a close connection betwee the [limit] and the work done by the employee prior to leaving .

Once it has been established what the relevant scope of the employer 's business is , the next question is whether the restriction does no more than protect any existing customer connection .
once it has been established what the relevant scope of the employer 's business is , the next question is whether the [limit] does no more than protect any existing customer connection .

There is a restriction on the maximum amount of compensation which a magistrates ' court may order ( currently £2,000 ) which has serious implications where there are other offences to be taken into account .
there is a [limit] on the maximum amount of compensation which a magistrates ' court may order ( currently £2,000 ) which has serious implications where there are other offences to be taken into account .

This restriction does not apply to foreign trips of less than one month or arrangements for the child to live permanently outside England and Wales which are governed by Sched 2 , para 19 ( see p215 ) .
this [limit] does not apply to foreign trips of less than one month or arrangements for the child to live permanently outside england and wales which are governed by sched 2 , para 19 ( see p215 ) .

That means that the restriction must be clear , certain and predictable .
that means that the [limit] must be clear , certain and predictable .

It was both out of proportion to any social need to protect the impartiality of the courts and the rights of litigants , and it was not a restriction necessary in a democratic society to uphold these values .
it was both out of proportion to any social need to protect the impartiality of the courts and the rights of litigants , and it was not a [limit] necessary in a democratic society to uphold these values .

Lindsey swallowed hard in an attempt to clear her throat of its sudden restriction .
lindsey swallowed hard in an attempt to clear her throat of its sudden [limit] .

The only restriction materials to be included was the level of difficulty and some of the more advanced texts were withdrawn from the database after the first pilot use .
the only [limit] materials to be included was the level of difficulty and some of the more advanced texts were withdrawn from the database after the first pilot use .

The terms of the mortgage may in any event require that the mortgagee be joined as a party to any document affecting the property subject to the charge in its favour , and in registered conveyancing there may be a restriction to this effect on the proprietorship register .
the terms of the mortgage may in any event require that the mortgagee be joined as a party to any document affecting the property subject to the charge in its favour , and in registered conveyancing there may be a [limit] to this effect on the proprietorship register .

If the title to the matrimonial home is registered , then a consent to the transfer will be required from the mortgagee if a restriction to this effect has been entered on the register .
if the title to the matrimonial home is registered , then a consent to the transfer will be required from the mortgagee if a [limit] to this effect has been entered on the register .

If the other joint tenant has refused to join in an application to register a restriction then doubtless also there will be difficulty about lodging the land certificate .
if the other joint tenant has refused to join in an application to register a [limit] then doubtless also there will be difficulty about lodging the land certificate .

Where no charge is registered , the registrar , if otherwise prepared to accept the application , may well be prepared to register the restriction without the land certificate provided he is satisfied that severance has taken place ( see Ruoff and Roper , Registered Conveyancing , Looseleaf edn , Sweet and Maxwell , 1991 , 39.21 ) .
where no charge is registered , the registrar , if otherwise prepared to accept the application , may well be prepared to register the [limit] without the land certificate provided he is satisfied that severance has taken place ( see ruoff and roper , registered conveyancing , looseleaf edn , sweet and maxwell , 1991 , 39.21 ) .

It will be appreciated that the registration of a restriction does not specify the shares in which the net proceeds of sale of the property are to be held ; so ( if agreement ) there should be a document ( such as a declaration of trust ) specifying those shares .
it will be appreciated that the registration of a [limit] does not specify the shares in which the net proceeds of sale of the property are to be held ; so ( if agreement ) there should be a document ( such as a declaration of trust ) specifying those shares .

However , registration of a restriction protects the share of any deceased former joint tenant whilst the future of the matrimonial home is being clarified .
however , registration of a [limit] protects the share of any deceased former joint tenant whilst the future of the matrimonial home is being clarified .

It is , therefore , suggested that application be made to the registrar to enter a restriction under which no disposition is to be registered after the death of one of the proprietors without the consent of the personal representatives of the deceased proprietor ( see Precedent 47 ) .
it is , therefore , suggested that application be made to the registrar to enter a [limit] under which no disposition is to be registered after the death of one of the proprietors without the consent of the personal representatives of the deceased proprietor ( see precedent 47 ) .

This additional restriction relates to any disposition and not just to those where capital monies arise .
this additional [limit] relates to any disposition and not just to those where capital monies arise .

( b ) Registered land If the husband and wife hold as tenants in common , a restriction will already be on the register to the effect that a disposition by a sole proprietor of land ( not being a trust corporation ) under which capital money arises will not be registered except under an order of the Registrar or the Court ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s58 ( 3 ) , Land Registration Rules 1925 , r213 and Land Registration Rules 1989 , r6 ) .
( b ) registered land if the husband and wife hold as tenants in common , a [limit] will already be on the register to the effect that a disposition by a sole proprietor of land ( not being a trust corporation ) under which capital money arises will not be registered except under an order of the registrar or the court ( land registration act 1925 , s58 ( 3 ) , land registration rules 1925 , r213 and land registration rules 1989 , r6 ) .

This restriction should be extended to protect the interest of the estate of either party by entering the further restriction set out in Precedent 52 .
this [limit] should be extended to protect the interest of the estate of either party by entering the further [limit] set out in precedent 52 .

All these restrictions , whether carrying a right to compensation or not , are imposed in the public interest , and the essence of the compensation problem as regards the imposition of restrictions appears to be this — at what point does the public interest become such that a private individual ought to be compelled on to comply , at his own cost , with a restriction or requirement designed to secure that public interest ? The history of the imposition of obligations without compensation has been to push that point progressively further on and to add to the list of requirements considered to be essential to the well-being of the community .
all these restrictions , whether carrying a right to compensation or not , are imposed in the public interest , and the essence of the compensation problem as regards the imposition of restrictions appears to be this — at what point does the public interest become such that a private individual ought to be compelled on to comply , at his own cost , with a [limit] or requirement designed to secure that public interest ? the history of the imposition of obligations without compensation has been to push that point progressively further on and to add to the list of requirements considered to be essential to the well-being of the community .

But clearly there is a point beyond which restrictions can not reasonably be imposed on the grounds of good neighbourliness without payment of compensation — and ‘ general considerations of regional or national policy require so great a restriction on the landowner 's use of his land as to amount to a taking away from him of a proprietary interest in the land ’ .
but clearly there is a point beyond which restrictions can not reasonably be imposed on the grounds of good neighbourliness without payment of compensation — and ‘ general considerations of regional or national policy require so great a [limit] on the landowner 's use of his land as to amount to a taking away from him of a proprietary interest in the land ’ .

To a large extent this is due to the severe restriction on building .
to a large extent this is due to the severe [limit] on building .

Lawyers may rightly point out that this does not constitute , of itself , an effective restriction on any statutory power or discretion , but it is an important statement of policy , and one which the statutory and voluntary guardians of amenity will seize upon whenever it is infringed .
lawyers may rightly point out that this does not constitute , of itself , an effective [limit] on any statutory power or discretion , but it is an important statement of policy , and one which the statutory and voluntary guardians of amenity will seize upon whenever it is infringed .

If the condition requires frequent hospital admissions and a restriction of physical activity , further adverse effects may occur .
if the condition requires frequent hospital admissions and a [limit] of physical activity , further adverse effects may occur .

For a time , therefore , they could respond to any restriction of cash by the authorities by simply reducing their cash ratio toward the minimum , rather than having to reduce credit .
for a time , therefore , they could respond to any [limit] of cash by the authorities by simply reducing their cash ratio toward the minimum , rather than having to reduce credit .

Question 1 Should sole practice on the traditional model , including the right to hold clients ' money , continue to be permitted without restriction ?
question 1 should sole practice on the traditional model , including the right to hold clients ' money , continue to be permitted without [limit] ?

The majority in favour of allowing sole practice on the traditional model to continue without restriction might have been expected to be larger given the preponderance of sole practitioner respondents to the consultation as a whole .
the majority in favour of allowing sole practice on the traditional model to continue without [limit] might have been expected to be larger given the preponderance of sole practitioner respondents to the consultation as a whole .

Amongst two partner firms , in contrast , there was a clear majority in favour of some form of restriction , while amongst respondents from ‘ medium ’ and ‘ large ’ firms ( here defined broadly as firms with 3–10 and over 10 partners respectively ) nearly 80 % answered the question negatively .
amongst two partner firms , in contrast , there was a clear majority in favour of some form of [limit] , while amongst respondents from ‘ medium ’ and ‘ large ’ firms ( here defined broadly as firms with 3–10 and over 10 partners respectively ) nearly 80 % answered the question negatively .

Furthermore , the figure stated for ‘ no ’ , probably also includes a number of those who wanted restrictions placed on the traditional model of sole practice ( and therefore answered ‘ no ’ to question 1 ) but who did not necessarily agree with the particular restriction proposed in question 2 .
furthermore , the figure stated for ‘ no ’ , probably also includes a number of those who wanted restrictions placed on the traditional model of sole practice ( and therefore answered ‘ no ’ to question 1 ) but who did not necessarily agree with the particular [limit] proposed in question 2 .

She wanted no restriction between them — not anything material , not any form of mental restriction either .
she wanted no [limit] between them — not anything material , not any form of mental [limit] either .

Remaining with our inflation-unemployment example where , we need to impose an additional restriction on the behaviour of the prediction error .
remaining with our inflation-unemployment example where , we need to impose an additional [limit] on the behaviour of the prediction error .

More formally this requires that restriction ( 7.3 ) be satisfied :
more formally this requires that [limit] ( 7.3 ) be satisfied :

Suppose that v t is not serially uncorrelated , as restriction ( 7.3 ) requires , but that it bears the following , hitherto unsuspected relationship to :
suppose that v t is not serially uncorrelated , as [limit] ( 7.3 ) requires , but that it bears the following , hitherto unsuspected relationship to :

Since the condition for rationality contained in restriction ( 7.3 ) rules out any systematic relation between v t , the prediction error , and lagged values of v t , it rules out by the same token any persistent deviation of y t from y * ; .
since the condition for rationality contained in [limit] ( 7.3 ) rules out any systematic relation between v t , the prediction error , and lagged values of v t , it rules out by the same token any persistent deviation of y t from y * ; .

They argued that , even if governments were prepared to use demand restriction and high unemployment to reduce , or at least to contain , upward pressure on money wages , there was no longer any guarantee that such policies would work .
they argued that , even if governments were prepared to use demand [limit] and high unemployment to reduce , or at least to contain , upward pressure on money wages , there was no longer any guarantee that such policies would work .

There is no professional restriction in force which prohibits the formation of a solicitors ' limited partnership under the Limited Partnerships Act 1907 and , indeed , s717 ( 1 ) ( a ) of the Companies Act 1985 expressly contemplates their existence .
there is no professional [limit] in force which prohibits the formation of a solicitors ' limited partnership under the limited partnerships act 1907 and , indeed , s717 ( 1 ) ( a ) of the companies act 1985 expressly contemplates their existence .

This is made clear by s8 of the Partnership Act as follows : If it has been agreed between the partners that any restriction shall be placed on the power of any one or more of them to bind the firm , no act done in contravention of the agreement is binding on the firm with respect to persons having notice of the agreement .
this is made clear by s8 of the partnership act as follows : if it has been agreed between the partners that any [limit] shall be placed on the power of any one or more of them to bind the firm , no act done in contravention of the agreement is binding on the firm with respect to persons having notice of the agreement .

The restriction was upheld by the Privy Council which rejected the argument that Deacons were only entitled to protect such part of their goodwill as would be threatened by Bridge if he were to set up in practice on his own account , ie that part of the firm 's goodwill as attached to the particular department in which he had worked .
the [limit] was upheld by the privy council which rejected the argument that deacons were only entitled to protect such part of their goodwill as would be threatened by bridge if he were to set up in practice on his own account , ie that part of the firm 's goodwill as attached to the particular department in which he had worked .

The court stressed the mutuality of the partnership contract by which the restriction was applied to all partners who together were interested in the profits of the firm as a single practice .
the court stressed the mutuality of the partnership contract by which the [limit] was applied to all partners who together were interested in the profits of the firm as a single practice .

It noted the possibility that in theory the interests of the partners might be so separated that a blanket restriction on competition would be unreasonable but rejected the contention that the mere fact of administrative departmentalisation could lead to that result .
it noted the possibility that in theory the interests of the partners might be so separated that a blanket [limit] on competition would be unreasonable but rejected the contention that the mere fact of administrative departmentalisation could lead to that result .

As to the periods of restraint , the court observed that their reasonableness was `` hardly susceptible of proof by specific evidence `` , `` some weight should be given to the fact that the restriction is found in a partnership agreement which has evidently been carefully drafted and which must be taken to represent the views of experienced solicitors who would be well aware that an unduly severe restriction would be unenforceable `` .
as to the periods of restraint , the court observed that their reasonableness was `` hardly susceptible of proof by specific evidence `` , `` some weight should be given to the fact that the [limit] is found in a partnership agreement which has evidently been carefully drafted and which must be taken to represent the views of experienced solicitors who would be well aware that an unduly severe [limit] would be unenforceable `` .

The details of each restriction must depend upon the special circumstances of each firm .
the details of each [limit] must depend upon the special circumstances of each firm .

It can not , therefore , be predicted that any particular restriction will necessarily be accepted as reasonable .
it can not , therefore , be predicted that any particular [limit] will necessarily be accepted as reasonable .

The draftsman should bear in mind that any restriction will be construed against the firm in whose interest it purports to be imposed .
the draftsman should bear in mind that any [limit] will be construed against the firm in whose interest it purports to be imposed .

Each of the component parts of the restriction should be incorporated into the agreement in such a way that any provision which the court might feel goes beyond the bounds of reasonableness can be severed under the `` blue pencil test `` leaving the bulk of the desired restriction in full force .
each of the component parts of the [limit] should be incorporated into the agreement in such a way that any provision which the court might feel goes beyond the bounds of reasonableness can be severed under the `` blue pencil test `` leaving the bulk of the desired [limit] in full force .

It will try to leave as much of the restriction as is reasonable in force , but that will only be the result if what remains after deletion of the void provisions can stand alone as a coherent , meaningful agreement : all too often the several restraints are jumbled and effectively unseverable , so that the whole fails .
it will try to leave as much of the [limit] as is reasonable in force , but that will only be the result if what remains after deletion of the void provisions can stand alone as a coherent , meaningful agreement : all too often the several restraints are jumbled and effectively unseverable , so that the whole fails .

The following are chargeable events : ( i ) the removal or a variation of a restriction to which the shares are subject ; ( ii ) the creation or variation of a right relating to the shares ; ( iii ) the imposition of a restriction on other shares in Newco or the variation of a restriction to which such other shares are subject ; or ( iv ) the removal or a variation of a right relating to other shares in Newco .
the following are chargeable events : ( i ) the removal or a variation of a [limit] to which the shares are subject ; ( ii ) the creation or variation of a right relating to the shares ; ( iii ) the imposition of a [limit] on other shares in newco or the variation of a [limit] to which such other shares are subject ; or ( iv ) the removal or a variation of a right relating to other shares in newco .

The following are not chargeable events for these purposes : ( i ) the removal or variation of a restriction relating to all shares of the same class ; ( ii ) the creation or variation of a right relating to all shares of the same class ; ( iii ) the imposition of a restriction on all shares of the same class ; or ( iv ) the removal of a right relating to all shares of a class from all those shares , so long as : ( a ) a majority of Newco 's shares of that class are not held by directors or employees of Newco or by any associated company of Newco , or by directors or employees of any such associated company ; or ( b ) a majority of the shares of that class confer control of Newco on the shareholders , who are employees or directors ; or ( c ) at the time of the event Newco is a subsidiary ( but not a dependent subsidiary ) and has a single class of shares .
the following are not chargeable events for these purposes : ( i ) the removal or variation of a [limit] relating to all shares of the same class ; ( ii ) the creation or variation of a right relating to all shares of the same class ; ( iii ) the imposition of a [limit] on all shares of the same class ; or ( iv ) the removal of a right relating to all shares of a class from all those shares , so long as : ( a ) a majority of newco 's shares of that class are not held by directors or employees of newco or by any associated company of newco , or by directors or employees of any such associated company ; or ( b ) a majority of the shares of that class confer control of newco on the shareholders , who are employees or directors ; or ( c ) at the time of the event newco is a subsidiary ( but not a dependent subsidiary ) and has a single class of shares .

Accordingly , the increase in value of the shares does not derive from the removal or variation of a restriction , or the creation or variation of a right , relating to the shares , ie there is no novus actus interveniens which gives rise to the increase in value .
accordingly , the increase in value of the shares does not derive from the removal or variation of a [limit] , or the creation or variation of a right , relating to the shares , ie there is no novus actus interveniens which gives rise to the increase in value .

In contrast , if , for example , shares are issued to management with no voting rights and subsequently , with no prior agreement , it is resolved to add voting rights to these shares , this would be a chargeable event since it would be the removal of a restriction or the creation of a new right relating to the shares .
in contrast , if , for example , shares are issued to management with no voting rights and subsequently , with no prior agreement , it is resolved to add voting rights to these shares , this would be a chargeable event since it would be the removal of a [limit] or the creation of a new right relating to the shares .

The class of shares in respect of which employees and directors are granted options will usually provide for a mandatory sale upon cessation of employment , which strictly amounts to a uniform restriction across the whole of that class of shares .
the class of shares in respect of which employees and directors are granted options will usually provide for a mandatory sale upon cessation of employment , which strictly amounts to a uniform [limit] across the whole of that class of shares .

However , because this requirement will apply only to an employee-holder of such shares , and not other holders , the Revenue usually refuses approval of a scheme where the scheme shares attach such a restriction , unless para 12 ( 3 ) can be satisfied .
however , because this requirement will apply only to an employee-holder of such shares , and not other holders , the revenue usually refuses approval of a scheme where the scheme shares attach such a [limit] , unless para 12 ( 3 ) can be satisfied .

When an increase of capital was later proposed , the question was whether the provision in the agreement was inconsistent with the statutory power under the Companies Act to increase capital , and therefore an unlawful and invalid restriction on the power of the company to increase its share capital .
when an increase of capital was later proposed , the question was whether the provision in the agreement was inconsistent with the statutory power under the companies act to increase capital , and therefore an unlawful and invalid [limit] on the power of the company to increase its share capital .

If the restriction had appeared in the Articles , it would have been unlawful , and therefore invalid , if it purported to fetter the rights of the company to increase its capital .
if the [limit] had appeared in the articles , it would have been unlawful , and therefore invalid , if it purported to fetter the rights of the company to increase its capital .

The relevant consent requirement is normally contained as a class right in the articles or sometimes as a restriction on the powers of the directors .
the relevant consent requirement is normally contained as a class right in the articles or sometimes as a [limit] on the powers of the directors .

Sometimes the restriction is drafted so that consent is only required on the sale or disposal of a `` material `` part of the assets and undertaking .
sometimes the [limit] is drafted so that consent is only required on the sale or disposal of a `` material `` part of the assets and undertaking .

Halons are the most potent destroyer of the ozone layer , and are being produced without restriction in Britain despite bans in other countries .
halons are the most potent destroyer of the ozone layer , and are being produced without [limit] in britain despite bans in other countries .

But this can only be done at the price of a restriction of body size .
but this can only be done at the price of a [limit] of body size .

The restriction on lexical innovations is that they must contrast in meaning with conventional terms .
the [limit] on lexical innovations is that they must contrast in meaning with conventional terms .

9 There hovers in Working Class Childhood the ghostly presence of more decent and upright children , serving their time in the restriction of poverty and family solidarity : `` the old defensive culture of poverty gave working class children … a sense of security which is denied the present generation … ``
9 there hovers in working class childhood the ghostly presence of more decent and upright children , serving their time in the [limit] of poverty and family solidarity : `` the old defensive culture of poverty gave working class children … a sense of security which is denied the present generation … ``

The real restriction of his freedom arose not so much from the restraints of his colleagues as front the fact that his Plymouth speech inevitably created an election atmosphere which he found difficult to control .
the real [limit] of his freedom arose not so much from the restraints of his colleagues as front the fact that his plymouth speech inevitably created an election atmosphere which he found difficult to control .

It also supports the principle that a party 's right to treaty performance means that a voluntarily incurred treaty restriction ( in this case a procedural restriction ) upon subsequent treaty-making power will be upheld , even to the detriment of a subsequent third party , ( the United States ) .
it also supports the principle that a party 's right to treaty performance means that a voluntarily incurred treaty [limit] ( in this case a procedural [limit] ) upon subsequent treaty-making power will be upheld , even to the detriment of a subsequent third party , ( the united states ) .

It has been said that the real question in the case is the degree of restriction that can be imposed upon a sovereign State in negotiating with another State in matters that affect the vital interests of third States .
it has been said that the real question in the case is the degree of [limit] that can be imposed upon a sovereign state in negotiating with another state in matters that affect the vital interests of third states .

In Costa Rica v. Nicaragua the restriction was procedural ( that a subsequent agreement could not be entered into without consultation ) rather than conflicting substantive obligations .
in costa rica v. nicaragua the [limit] was procedural ( that a subsequent agreement could not be entered into without consultation ) rather than conflicting substantive obligations .

It is modern technology all wrapped up without the cable to trip over , and the restriction of power point locations .
it is modern technology all wrapped up without the cable to trip over , and the [limit] of power point locations .

After the restriction of war time , building resumed at an accelerated rate .
after the [limit] of war time , building resumed at an accelerated rate .

fin erosion of that openness and honesty , a muddling of those accountabilities and a restriction on clear communication will lead to demoralizing fears about those sinister elements `` up there `` in the organization .
fin erosion of that openness and honesty , a muddling of those accountabilities and a [limit] on clear communication will lead to demoralizing fears about those sinister elements `` up there `` in the organization .

Some refused to accept the restriction but many more nursed resentment in their hearts .
some refused to accept the [limit] but many more nursed resentment in their hearts .

There is , however , one classical restriction which we must take into account , namely the resolving power of optical instruments .
there is , however , one classical [limit] which we must take into account , namely the resolving power of optical instruments .

If the photon 's momentum were thus determined the electron 's uncertainty Δp could be made as small as we pleased , thus beating , it would seem , the restriction [ 2 ] In fact this does not work because we have to treat the microscope as also subject to quantum mechanical uncertainty .
if the photon 's momentum were thus determined the electron 's uncertainty δp could be made as small as we pleased , thus beating , it would seem , the [limit] [ 2 ] in fact this does not work because we have to treat the microscope as also subject to quantum mechanical uncertainty .

Waqar has always preferred to pitch well up , even before the new bouncer restriction , giving the ball a chance to swing over the greater distance .
waqar has always preferred to pitch well up , even before the new bouncer [limit] , giving the ball a chance to swing over the greater distance .

All viewers have a right of access to a variety of programmes , at prime viewing time , which respond to their requirements concerning information , culture and entertainment without any other restriction than payment of a fee .
all viewers have a right of access to a variety of programmes , at prime viewing time , which respond to their requirements concerning information , culture and entertainment without any other [limit] than payment of a fee .

Since this restriction arises from an exercise of state power , liberal theory requires a justification to explain what permits the state , which is created to protect individual autonomy , to become an instrument of constraint .
since this [limit] arises from an exercise of state power , liberal theory requires a justification to explain what permits the state , which is created to protect individual autonomy , to become an instrument of constraint .

We have good reason to doubt the compatibility of these moral aspirations , for an absolute restriction on the power to withdraw promises imposes a constraint upon liberty without necessarily promoting the liberty of others or oneself .
we have good reason to doubt the compatibility of these moral aspirations , for an absolute [limit] on the power to withdraw promises imposes a constraint upon liberty without necessarily promoting the liberty of others or oneself .

Nagel refers to Adam Smith whom he takes to be advocating , as a matter of reason , the restriction of moral judgment only to that which the agent has done in a narrow sense because to attribute responsibility for that beyond the agent 's control seems irrational and is akin to strict liability .
nagel refers to adam smith whom he takes to be advocating , as a matter of reason , the [limit] of moral judgment only to that which the agent has done in a narrow sense because to attribute responsibility for that beyond the agent 's control seems irrational and is akin to strict liability .

Low birthweight associated with maternal smoking is due to a restriction in the growth rate of the baby caused by a reduction in the oxygen supply reaching the baby through the placenta .
low birthweight associated with maternal smoking is due to a [limit] in the growth rate of the baby caused by a reduction in the oxygen supply reaching the baby through the placenta .

Because of time restriction it is impossible to be excessively responsive to individual needs .
because of time [limit] it is impossible to be excessively responsive to individual needs .

Embargoes should be used only if they are really necessary and a good deal of the embargoed material which reaches an editor 's desk does not really need this form of restriction .
embargoes should be used only if they are really necessary and a good deal of the embargoed material which reaches an editor 's desk does not really need this form of [limit] .

Here then , there is a perfectly legitimate case for restriction of entry , in order to impose the one-supplier situation which is welfare preferred yet is not forthcoming through the workings of the invisible hand .
here then , there is a perfectly legitimate case for [limit] of entry , in order to impose the one-supplier situation which is welfare preferred yet is not forthcoming through the workings of the invisible hand .

Restriction were re-introduced in 1938 which limited supercharged engines to 3-litres , and unsupercharged engines to 4½ litres .
[limit] were re-introduced in 1938 which limited supercharged engines to 3-litres , and unsupercharged engines to 4½ litres .

The original Formula Two restriction were for 2000cc cars unsupercharged , or 500cc supercharged .
the original formula two [limit] were for 2000cc cars unsupercharged , or 500cc supercharged .

The case roles have been modified since Fillmore 's original definition to include restrictions such as these , but the restriction lists grow to an interminable length and the technique is still unable to recognise that two expressions ( e.g .
the case roles have been modified since fillmore 's original definition to include restrictions such as these , but the [limit] lists grow to an interminable length and the technique is still unable to recognise that two expressions ( e.g .

Family restriction , by cutting down on labour costs , accelerated middle-class living standards , and this seems likely to have been a major contributory factor to decisions to limit family size .
family [limit] , by cutting down on labour costs , accelerated middle-class living standards , and this seems likely to have been a major contributory factor to decisions to limit family size .

( Characteristically the restriction does not apply to companies controlled by non-residents . )
( characteristically the [limit] does not apply to companies controlled by non-residents . )

With the appointment of his friend Barberini to the papacy in August 1623 , there were high hopes that an avowed patron of the arts and sciences might lift the restriction .
with the appointment of his friend barberini to the papacy in august 1623 , there were high hopes that an avowed patron of the arts and sciences might lift the [limit] .

the control of mentally disordered persons found unfit to plead , or subject to restriction orders under the Mental Health Act 1983 ;
the control of mentally disordered persons found unfit to plead , or subject to [limit] orders under the mental health act 1983 ;

There is an alternative to either of these courses which may be worth considering and that is that the Government should take the line that they have come to the conclusion that , while some restriction ought to be made in the infliction of the death penalty , the time has not yet come for its complete abolition .
there is an alternative to either of these courses which may be worth considering and that is that the government should take the line that they have come to the conclusion that , while some [limit] ought to be made in the infliction of the death penalty , the time has not yet come for its complete abolition .

His line of argument was the only respectable one open to him : that it was historically consistent with the way the death penalty had been restricted progressively to crimes of murder to propose a further restriction to certain categories of murder only .
his line of argument was the only respectable one open to him : that it was historically consistent with the way the death penalty had been restricted progressively to crimes of murder to propose a further [limit] to certain categories of murder only .

Today , such exemptions have been extended as governments understand more fully just how much of a deterrent ownership restriction is to certain types of investor , especially those pursuing some form of global strategy .
today , such exemptions have been extended as governments understand more fully just how much of a deterrent ownership [limit] is to certain types of investor , especially those pursuing some form of global strategy .

This can be illustrated from a wide variety of cases : the uses of literacy for social control in nineteenth century Canada , for instance , where any ‘ critical ’ element was carefully excluded ( Graff , 1979 ) ; the restriction of the content of written forms to religious tracts by the Methodist missionaries who introduced literacy to Fiji in the nineteenth century ( Clammer , 1976 ) ; the examples from British literacy campaigns that show how illiteracy developed in schools because of the class-based nature of schooling ( Mace , 1979 ) ; the uses of literacy for religious and symbolic purposes in Ghana ( Goody , 1968 ) ; the greater trust placed by thirteenth century knights in England on seals and symbols as means of legitimating charters and rights to land and their suspicion of the written document as more likely to be forged and inaccurate ( Clanchy , 1979 ) ; the development in Iranian villages of forms of literacy taught in Koranic schools into forms of literacy appropriate for commercial trading in a rapidly modernising and urbanising economy ( Section 2 ) .
this can be illustrated from a wide variety of cases : the uses of literacy for social control in nineteenth century canada , for instance , where any ‘ critical ’ element was carefully excluded ( graff , 1979 ) ; the [limit] of the content of written forms to religious tracts by the methodist missionaries who introduced literacy to fiji in the nineteenth century ( clammer , 1976 ) ; the examples from british literacy campaigns that show how illiteracy developed in schools because of the class-based nature of schooling ( mace , 1979 ) ; the uses of literacy for religious and symbolic purposes in ghana ( goody , 1968 ) ; the greater trust placed by thirteenth century knights in england on seals and symbols as means of legitimating charters and rights to land and their suspicion of the written document as more likely to be forged and inaccurate ( clanchy , 1979 ) ; the development in iranian villages of forms of literacy taught in koranic schools into forms of literacy appropriate for commercial trading in a rapidly modernising and urbanising economy ( section 2 ) .

He claims , for instance , that Locke 's ‘ intellectual bias ’ characterises ‘ our present use of language ’ , presumably using ‘ our ’ to refer to himself and fellow academics but failing to make the restriction clear .
he claims , for instance , that locke 's ‘ intellectual bias ’ characterises ‘ our present use of language ’ , presumably using ‘ our ’ to refer to himself and fellow academics but failing to make the [limit] clear .

The guidance warns that ‘ unreasonable ’ periods of time may constitute a restriction on liberty .
the guidance warns that ‘ unreasonable ’ periods of time may constitute a [limit] on liberty .

The main areas of restriction are due to the machine 's inability or difficulty in coping with very large calculations at a satisfactory speed , large amounts of text or graphics , fast animation or large shapes , device control , and real-time control .
the main areas of [limit] are due to the machine 's inability or difficulty in coping with very large calculations at a satisfactory speed , large amounts of text or graphics , fast animation or large shapes , device control , and real-time control .

Hence the restriction on primes and irreducibles being non-units .
hence the [limit] on primes and irreducibles being non-units .

An important restriction to this right is the `` privilege `` granted to the Crown and other public bodies to oppose discovery on the ground that publication is not in the public interest .
an important [limit] to this right is the `` privilege `` granted to the crown and other public bodies to oppose discovery on the ground that publication is not in the public interest .

The restriction on the application of the rules to disciplinary hearings involving prisoners was removed by the St. Germain case where the hearing was conducted by the Board of Visitors .
the [limit] on the application of the rules to disciplinary hearings involving prisoners was removed by the st. germain case where the hearing was conducted by the board of visitors .

The two subjects in the eight-month restriction study who had already limited themselves to 6 hours did not benefit from the regime , and reverted to their own established norms .
the two subjects in the eight-month [limit] study who had already limited themselves to 6 hours did not benefit from the regime , and reverted to their own established norms .

She also mentioned the Factory Acts as a restriction on women 's usefulness to employers .
she also mentioned the factory acts as a [limit] on women 's usefulness to employers .

a ) inability to take or absorb fluids , e.g. comatose patient b ) over-long pre-operative restriction of fluids c ) excessive fluid loss — vomiting , diarrhoea , haemorrhage , gastric suction , wound drainage , perspiration .
a ) inability to take or absorb fluids , e.g. comatose patient b ) over-long pre-operative [limit] of fluids c ) excessive fluid loss — vomiting , diarrhoea , haemorrhage , gastric suction , wound drainage , perspiration .

You should check that the patient understands the pre-operative fluid restriction and the reason for it .
you should check that the patient understands the pre-operative fluid [limit] and the reason for it .

Also , treatment may require the restriction of food or fluid ( for tests , X-rays or operations ) .
also , treatment may require the [limit] of food or fluid ( for tests , x-rays or operations ) .

The administration of anaesthesia or drugs , or procedures such as the preparation of the bowel for X-rays or surgery may also require restriction of the diet or affect appetite .
the administration of anaesthesia or drugs , or procedures such as the preparation of the bowel for x-rays or surgery may also require [limit] of the diet or affect appetite .

The industrial action must also have had an effect , although senior staff suggested that union activity was not particularly strong , and was felt mainly as a restriction on communication .
the industrial action must also have had an effect , although senior staff suggested that union activity was not particularly strong , and was felt mainly as a [limit] on communication .

In the case of principal officers and above , they recommended a restriction both on these officers being politically active and on councillors being appointed to such posts ( Widdicombe 1986:113 and 163 ) .
in the case of principal officers and above , they recommended a [limit] both on these officers being politically active and on councillors being appointed to such posts ( widdicombe 1986:113 and 163 ) .

This is a result of a number of factors such as the much larger proportion of part-time work , the artificial restriction of female overtime by male-dominated trade unions , and social measures against women at work in general .
this is a result of a number of factors such as the much larger proportion of part-time work , the artificial [limit] of female overtime by male-dominated trade unions , and social measures against women at work in general .

But emigration to the United States had made this restriction anachronistic and so the Liberal government altered the law .
but emigration to the united states had made this [limit] anachronistic and so the liberal government altered the law .

During 1917 , while visiting England to prove a family will , Michael and Gertrude were required to register under the Aliens Restriction Order .
during 1917 , while visiting england to prove a family will , michael and gertrude were required to register under the aliens [limit] order .

It ordered the Galway County Inspector to caution Mrs Joyce for the offence she had committed against the Aliens Restriction Order .
it ordered the galway county inspector to caution mrs joyce for the offence she had committed against the aliens [limit] order .

If service is to be effected in a country with which the United Kingdom has a bilateral Civil Procedure Convention , the writ may be served through the judicial authorities of that country or through a British consular authority there ( subject to any provision in the relevant Convention as to the nationality of persons who may be served , for example a restriction to persons of British nationality ) 253 ;
if service is to be effected in a country with which the united kingdom has a bilateral civil procedure convention , the writ may be served through the judicial authorities of that country or through a british consular authority there ( subject to any provision in the relevant convention as to the nationality of persons who may be served , for example a [limit] to persons of british nationality ) 253 ;

Each has achieved opacity by progressive restriction of their modes of communication .
each has achieved opacity by progressive [limit] of their modes of communication .

No parking restriction .
no parking [limit] .

The evidence indicated that all parts of the flying control system had been connected at the time of the accident , and no evidence of a control restriction or jam were found , although such a possibility could not be totally dismissed , given the degree of disruption in some areas .
the evidence indicated that all parts of the flying control system had been connected at the time of the accident , and no evidence of a control [limit] or jam were found , although such a possibility could not be totally dismissed , given the degree of disruption in some areas .

Modern ring and radial circuits can feed an unlimited number of socket outlets ; the only restriction is on the floor area each circuit can serve .
modern ring and radial circuits can feed an unlimited number of socket outlets ; the only [limit] is on the floor area each circuit can serve .

The event which followed this restriction on instinctual action was the brothers banding together to kill their father , and the consequent guilt they experienced .
the event which followed this [limit] on instinctual action was the brothers banding together to kill their father , and the consequent guilt they experienced .

This is a powerful explanation because it succeeds in linking the fact of there being a restriction on sexuality in religions which preach brotherly love to all mankind , especially Christianity , Islam and Buddhism .
this is a powerful explanation because it succeeds in linking the fact of there being a [limit] on sexuality in religions which preach brotherly love to all mankind , especially christianity , islam and buddhism .

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Description of Use or in any restriction of driving to specified persons in this Policy the indemnity to the Policyholder in connection with any motor car described in the Schedule shall operate while such motor car is in the custody or control of a member of the Motor Trade and used only for the purpose of its overhaul upkeep or repair .
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this description of use or in any [limit] of driving to specified persons in this policy the indemnity to the policyholder in connection with any motor car described in the schedule shall operate while such motor car is in the custody or control of a member of the motor trade and used only for the purpose of its overhaul upkeep or repair .

No restriction as to the scope of the operation of the section is given and we are , therefore , dependent on the wording of the section itself .
no [limit] as to the scope of the operation of the section is given and we are , therefore , dependent on the wording of the section itself .

The essential restriction on the operation of the section is that it applies only where ‘ there is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will … develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental condition ’ .
the essential [limit] on the operation of the section is that it applies only where ‘ there is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will … develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental condition ’ .

The major restriction contained within the clause is Section 4 .
the major [limit] contained within the clause is section 4 .

This restriction ensured that the study population was representative of the range of pediatric Crohn 's disease rather than a select group requiring tertiaty care .
this [limit] ensured that the study population was representative of the range of pediatric crohn 's disease rather than a select group requiring tertiaty care .

This restriction was applied primarily so that the frequency of growth impairment and its natural history could be determined in an at risk population .
this [limit] was applied primarily so that the frequency of growth impairment and its natural history could be determined in an at risk population .

As the Romans turned more and more towards arcuated construction , with the orders used in a decorative capacity there was no such restriction and the columns are sometimes separated by a distance as great as their height .
as the romans turned more and more towards arcuated construction , with the orders used in a decorative capacity there was no such [limit] and the columns are sometimes separated by a distance as great as their height .

Predominantly affecting young women , the central feature of this disorder is an abnormally low weight achieved by extreme caloric restriction .
predominantly affecting young women , the central feature of this disorder is an abnormally low weight achieved by extreme caloric [limit] .

Others go beyond restriction to more dangerous behaviours , such as selfinduced vomiting , purgation with high doses of laxatives , and the misuse of diuretics and appetite suppressants .
others go beyond [limit] to more dangerous behaviours , such as selfinduced vomiting , purgation with high doses of laxatives , and the misuse of diuretics and appetite suppressants .

There is no restriction on the format and number of lines which may be included under this heading .
there is no [limit] on the format and number of lines which may be included under this heading .

There is no restriction on the format and number of lines which may be included under this heading .
there is no [limit] on the format and number of lines which may be included under this heading .

It therefore imposes the conservation of energy as a restriction on chemical and physical changes .
it therefore imposes the conservation of energy as a [limit] on chemical and physical changes .

In 1931-33 the main aims of the republican reforms were a ) reform and reduction of the army , b ) separation of church and state and a restriction on Catholic rights and privileges , c ) reform of the unitary structure of the Spanish state to permit Catalan regional autonomy , and d ) broad social and economic reforms .
in 1931-33 the main aims of the republican reforms were a ) reform and reduction of the army , b ) separation of church and state and a [limit] on catholic rights and privileges , c ) reform of the unitary structure of the spanish state to permit catalan regional autonomy , and d ) broad social and economic reforms .

Canadian regulations requiring salmon and herring to be landed and processed in Canada as a means of conserving and managing fishing grounds were found on Oct. 16 , 1989 , to be a restriction on free trade .
canadian regulations requiring salmon and herring to be landed and processed in canada as a means of conserving and managing fishing grounds were found on oct. 16 , 1989 , to be a [limit] on free trade .

Austria had on Jan. 17 also reimposed a visa restriction for Turkish people , initially for three months .
austria had on jan. 17 also reimposed a visa [limit] for turkish people , initially for three months .

Restriction on use of hidden reserves
[limit] on use of hidden reserves

It provided for ( i ) a provisional 60-day ceasefire and the restriction of contra forces to designated zones ; ( ii ) high-level negotiations on democratic reforms and a permanent ceasefire ; and ( iii ) certain concessions by the Nicaraguan government including an amnesty .
it provided for ( i ) a provisional 60-day ceasefire and the [limit] of contra forces to designated zones ; ( ii ) high-level negotiations on democratic reforms and a permanent ceasefire ; and ( iii ) certain concessions by the nicaraguan government including an amnesty .

Gas , electricity and telephone charges were to be reduced and there would be restriction on increases in school fees , fares and food prices .
gas , electricity and telephone charges were to be reduced and there would be [limit] on increases in school fees , fares and food prices .

Despite occasional conflicts between bishops and comites , and the apparent restriction of comital power in some towns , secular power and ecclesiastical authority should not be seen as being in conflict .
despite occasional conflicts between bishops and comites , and the apparent [limit] of comital power in some towns , secular power and ecclesiastical authority should not be seen as being in conflict .

For example , an advertisement relating to the issue by a company of its own securities for cash is excluded from the advertising restriction provided it complies with the listing particulars provisions , or , as appropriate , the prospectus provisions .
for example , an advertisement relating to the issue by a company of its own securities for cash is excluded from the advertising [limit] provided it complies with the listing particulars provisions , or , as appropriate , the prospectus provisions .

a restriction on distribution .
a [limit] on distribution .

The report should set out the restriction in a separate paragraph ( usually placed before the firm 's signature ) using such wording as :
the report should set out the [limit] in a separate paragraph ( usually placed before the firm 's signature ) using such wording as :

[ Reports/comfort letters to be provided and restriction on circulation ]
[ reports/comfort letters to be provided and [limit] on circulation ]

To my mind there will be some restriction but only time will tell .
to my mind there will be some [limit] but only time will tell .

There is no geographical restriction ; the information may relate to any part of the world .
there is no geographical [limit] ; the information may relate to any part of the world .

During this delay the microprocessor can continue with other tasks ( including , perhaps , the control of other stepping motors ) , the only restriction being that the time spent on these tasks must be equal to the excitation interval .
during this delay the microprocessor can continue with other tasks ( including , perhaps , the control of other stepping motors ) , the only [limit] being that the time spent on these tasks must be equal to the excitation interval .

Today it seems incredible that such a restriction should have occurred .
today it seems incredible that such a [limit] should have occurred .

This nondecreasing property of the event horizon 's area placed an important restriction on the possible behavior of black holes .
this nondecreasing property of the event horizon 's area placed an important [limit] on the possible behavior of black holes .

Sairellen felt no such restriction .
sairellen felt no such [limit] .

The restriction on volume and speed of delivery means that images can only be built up slowly , at a pace determined by the rate at which data arrives at the terminal .
the [limit] on volume and speed of delivery means that images can only be built up slowly , at a pace determined by the rate at which data arrives at the terminal .

The restriction on volume and speed of delivery means that the system would be hopelessly slow in updating the image information .
the [limit] on volume and speed of delivery means that the system would be hopelessly slow in updating the image information .

CDs have a much more absolute restriction which no amount of optimisation can avoid .
cds have a much more absolute [limit] which no amount of optimisation can avoid .

When the polymer chains are unsymmetrical , with repeat units of the type , an additional restriction to rotation is imposed by steric effects .
when the polymer chains are unsymmetrical , with repeat units of the type , an additional [limit] to rotation is imposed by steric effects .

That is equal to the carrying capacity of as many as sixteen wagons up to 1741 when the statutory load restriction was 3 tons , and as eight wagons when the limit was increased to 6 tons in 1765 .
that is equal to the carrying capacity of as many as sixteen wagons up to 1741 when the statutory load [limit] was 3 tons , and as eight wagons when the limit was increased to 6 tons in 1765 .

This restriction ensures that the grammar is recursive .
this [limit] ensures that the grammar is recursive .

This ability removes the restriction on context-free grammars that only a finite set of grammatical categories are allowed .
this ability removes the [limit] on context-free grammars that only a finite set of grammatical categories are allowed .

As with the Jelinek model ( $ 4.2 ) , it is necessary to impose some restriction on the length of the n-gram transitions that are used .
as with the jelinek model ( $ 4.2 ) , it is necessary to impose some [limit] on the length of the n-gram transitions that are used .

There was no mention of a restriction on the cost or repayment that a practice could obtain .
there was no mention of a [limit] on the cost or repayment that a practice could obtain .

If the right hon. Gentleman took the measure which has been suggested of restoring indictability to the offence of taking and driving away , would not the courts be left with a wide range of penalties ? Would not the courts therefore be able to take into account the facts of offences without going through the restrictive provisions in this ill-considered new Bill ? Every item in clause 1(2) imposes a restriction on the courts . Does not the right hon. Gentleman realise that he is setting an obstacle course for the courts which will make it more difficult for them to pass tough sentences in serious cases ?
if the right hon. gentleman took the measure which has been suggested of restoring indictability to the offence of taking and driving away , would not the courts be left with a wide range of penalties ? would not the courts therefore be able to take into account the facts of offences without going through the restrictive provisions in this ill-considered new bill ? every item in clause 1(2) imposes a [limit] on the courts . does not the right hon. gentleman realise that he is setting an obstacle course for the courts which will make it more difficult for them to pass tough sentences in serious cases ?

The court was told that Dawtrey had been racing against the other Metro shortly before the crash in the village of Nuneham Courtenay , where there is a 40mph restriction .
the court was told that dawtrey had been racing against the other metro shortly before the crash in the village of nuneham courtenay , where there is a 40mph [limit] .

That restriction was introduced because of the concern expressed about the old Vagrancy Act and the sus laws .
that [limit] was introduced because of the concern expressed about the old vagrancy act and the sus laws .

76 , in page 40 , line 42 , at end insert — ( 2 ) For a period of two years commencing from the first transfer date , a member ( whether elected or appointed ) or an employee of a local authority , shall not be eligible for appointment as chairman , but , after that time has elapsed , no such restriction shall apply . '
76 , in page 40 , line 42 , at end insert — ( 2 ) for a period of two years commencing from the first transfer date , a member ( whether elected or appointed ) or an employee of a local authority , shall not be eligible for appointment as chairman , but , after that time has elapsed , no such [limit] shall apply . '

However , even given that restriction , the report gave more than a nod and a wink in the direction of the collective security that trade unions could provide if they nominated members of safety committees .
however , even given that [limit] , the report gave more than a nod and a wink in the direction of the collective security that trade unions could provide if they nominated members of safety committees .

For a long time we have made it clear that the largest restriction on the growth of the transplant programme is the availability of donated organs , although it is not a restriction which has stopped the programme in its tracks .
for a long time we have made it clear that the largest [limit] on the growth of the transplant programme is the availability of donated organs , although it is not a [limit] which has stopped the programme in its tracks .

Why he stood on his head over a decommissioning scheme which is too little , too late ? Will the Minister tell them how he proposes to cut the days-at-sea restriction by introducing effective conservation measures , including a one-net rule , square mesh panels and a ban on industrial fishing ? Will he tell them why , if there is to be a days-at-sea restriction , he can not pay fishermen the same financial support that farmers get when their land goes awry ?
why he stood on his head over a decommissioning scheme which is too little , too late ? will the minister tell them how he proposes to cut the days-at-sea [limit] by introducing effective conservation measures , including a one-net rule , square mesh panels and a ban on industrial fishing ? will he tell them why , if there is to be a days-at-sea [limit] , he can not pay fishermen the same financial support that farmers get when their land goes awry ?

The rhetoric of socialism talks of freedom , but the practice of socialism involves the restriction of personal freedom .
the rhetoric of socialism talks of freedom , but the practice of socialism involves the [limit] of personal freedom .

The 1908 Act is an obsolete restriction that is not appropriate for modern mining methods .
the 1908 act is an obsolete [limit] that is not appropriate for modern mining methods .

This restriction on the buyer 's rights would apply only to breaches of the conditions in sections 13–15 and would not apply where the contract clearly specified to the contrary .
this [limit] on the buyer 's rights would apply only to breaches of the conditions in sections 13–15 and would not apply where the contract clearly specified to the contrary .

no restriction on the placing of the hot water cylinder .
no [limit] on the placing of the hot water cylinder .

The bridge was under repair and a 5 mph restriction was in force .
the bridge was under repair and a 5 mph [limit] was in force .

Belinda stayed the night in her old room , its girlishness both a haven and a restriction .
belinda stayed the night in her old room , its girlishness both a haven and a [limit] .

There are exactly ten subclasses available at each step of division , a restriction which has sometimes hindered any systematic development ( where , for instance , a subject needs to be subdivided into 12 main subclasses or branches ) .
there are exactly ten subclasses available at each step of division , a [limit] which has sometimes hindered any systematic development ( where , for instance , a subject needs to be subdivided into 12 main subclasses or branches ) .

Such conceptions , however , persistently disregard one of the principal elements in political life , namely , the struggles that have taken place , and still take place , precisely over the ‘ legitimacy ’ of any established system of political power , and over the exclusion of some members of society — frequently a majority of the population — from any effective participation in the determination of collective goals ( which are often in fact , as Marx observed , representations of an illusory , spurious ‘ general interest ’ ) , whether by a restriction of political rights ( for example , the right to vote ) , by coercion or by ideological manipulation .
such conceptions , however , persistently disregard one of the principal elements in political life , namely , the struggles that have taken place , and still take place , precisely over the ‘ legitimacy ’ of any established system of political power , and over the exclusion of some members of society — frequently a majority of the population — from any effective participation in the determination of collective goals ( which are often in fact , as marx observed , representations of an illusory , spurious ‘ general interest ’ ) , whether by a [limit] of political rights ( for example , the right to vote ) , by coercion or by ideological manipulation .

Basically , he reduces the multi-dimensional case to one dimension by imposing a linear restriction on the levels of the different public goods .
basically , he reduces the multi-dimensional case to one dimension by imposing a linear [limit] on the levels of the different public goods .

Again it is not clear how far this is a relevant restriction .
again it is not clear how far this is a relevant [limit] .

Indeed , the remaining debate between the British and other Member States on this matter now centres on the question of how much regulation ( or restriction on the freedom to trade ) there should be for banking services .
indeed , the remaining debate between the british and other member states on this matter now centres on the question of how much regulation ( or [limit] on the freedom to trade ) there should be for banking services .

If a restriction is imposed on a model of a particular variable 's behaviour , then if that restriction is valid its imposition should not affect the model 's success in explaining the variable 's behaviour , whereas if the restriction is invalid it should .
if a [limit] is imposed on a model of a particular variable 's behaviour , then if that [limit] is valid its imposition should not affect the model 's success in explaining the variable 's behaviour , whereas if the [limit] is invalid it should .

In our example there is only one restriction , and the unrestricted coefficients are β , β 1 and β : 2 , so k = 3 .
in our example there is only one [limit] , and the unrestricted coefficients are β , β 1 and β : 2 , so k = 3 .

Since speculative efficiency implies that the difference between is zero , and noting that , we must have the following restriction on the model in equations ( 3.34 ) :
since speculative efficiency implies that the difference between is zero , and noting that , we must have the following [limit] on the model in equations ( 3.34 ) :

This restriction is satisfied when :
this [limit] is satisfied when :

Strictly , equations ( 6.5 ) and ( 6.6 ) are equivalent only if in estimating equation ( 6.6 ) the restriction is imposed that the coefficient estimated on is equal to the negative of the constant term divided by the mean of .
strictly , equations ( 6.5 ) and ( 6.6 ) are equivalent only if in estimating equation ( 6.6 ) the [limit] is imposed that the coefficient estimated on is equal to the negative of the constant term divided by the mean of .

It appears that Lucas did not in fact impose this restriction , but estimated equation ( 6.6 ) freely .
it appears that lucas did not in fact impose this [limit] , but estimated equation ( 6.6 ) freely .

To test this prediction rigorously Lucas should estimate equation ( 6.6 ) for his 18 countries jointly , imposing the restriction implied by his model that the β 1 coefficients are negatively related to the estimated variances of v. The Lucas model could then be tested along the lines suggested in chapter 3 , by testing for the validity of this restriction .
to test this prediction rigorously lucas should estimate equation ( 6.6 ) for his 18 countries jointly , imposing the [limit] implied by his model that the β 1 coefficients are negatively related to the estimated variances of v. the lucas model could then be tested along the lines suggested in chapter 3 , by testing for the validity of this [limit] .

The rational expectations hypothesis thus places one restriction on the reduced form .
the rational expectations hypothesis thus places one [limit] on the reduced form .

If the rational expectations hypothesis is not rejected by this test we can test the structural neutrality hypothesis by comparing the likelihood from the system in equation ( 6.20 ) with the likelihood from the same system with the restriction imposed that β 11 equals β 12 .
if the rational expectations hypothesis is not rejected by this test we can test the structural neutrality hypothesis by comparing the likelihood from the system in equation ( 6.20 ) with the likelihood from the same system with the [limit] imposed that β 11 equals β 12 .

Rather than imposing the restriction that the utility discount rate is the same for all , we allow it to differ across different groups in the population .
rather than imposing the [limit] that the utility discount rate is the same for all , we allow it to differ across different groups in the population .

The aim , therefore , is to choose the import restriction that would be consistent with the tariff-induced outcome , i.e .
the aim , therefore , is to choose the import [limit] that would be consistent with the tariff-induced outcome , i.e .

‘ Local ’ is a technical term used here to express the restriction to a region sufficiently small that the gravitational field is effectively uniform .
‘ local ’ is a technical term used here to express the [limit] to a region sufficiently small that the gravitational field is effectively uniform .

Full employment was a desirable goal , but if the price of full employment was State restriction on the freedom of businessmen to order their own affairs , then that freedom must take priority even if mass unemployment was the result .
full employment was a desirable goal , but if the price of full employment was state [limit] on the freedom of businessmen to order their own affairs , then that freedom must take priority even if mass unemployment was the result .

Without this , human language would be limited to mentioning phrases , in principle indefinitely many , and in principle without restriction on their length , but still merely phrases , not construed into a whole capable of constituting a statement ( or a question or a command ) .
without this , human language would be limited to mentioning phrases , in principle indefinitely many , and in principle without [limit] on their length , but still merely phrases , not construed into a whole capable of constituting a statement ( or a question or a command ) .

3.9 What now can we say about the restriction of postnominal occurrence to a subset of adjectives ?
3.9 what now can we say about the [limit] of postnominal occurrence to a subset of adjectives ?

Indeed , some verbs seem to have no lexical content beyond one which is aimed at providing some kind of reservation about applicability of the adjectival property , examples being become and turn which place a temporal restriction on the adjective 's applicability ; the subordinate property only holds after the time indicated by the tense of the verb .
indeed , some verbs seem to have no lexical content beyond one which is aimed at providing some kind of reservation about applicability of the adjectival property , examples being become and turn which place a temporal [limit] on the adjective 's applicability ; the subordinate property only holds after the time indicated by the tense of the verb .

In Section 7.3 , we point out that an earlier finding of this text means that a very widespread traditional way of thinking about restriction is incorrect ; we also look at the interaction between the notion of restriction and associatives , sense- qualifiers and separatives .
in section 7.3 , we point out that an earlier finding of this text means that a very widespread traditional way of thinking about [limit] is incorrect ; we also look at the interaction between the notion of [limit] and associatives , sense- qualifiers and separatives .

7.3 If they touch on the point , discussions of restriction invariably proceed in a way which implies that the property of a restrictive adjective stands for a property which is to be ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase .
7.3 if they touch on the point , discussions of [limit] invariably proceed in a way which implies that the property of a restrictive adjective stands for a property which is to be ascribed to the entity of the noun phrase .

out of those we received ] a red coathanger was the noticeable The reason for these facts is , ultimately , that the superlatives , comparatives and ordinals are unlike other adjectives in being inherently restrictive , and always presupposing what we may call an extraction set , within which the restriction is exercised .
out of those we received ] a red coathanger was the noticeable the reason for these facts is , ultimately , that the superlatives , comparatives and ordinals are unlike other adjectives in being inherently restrictive , and always presupposing what we may call an extraction set , within which the [limit] is exercised .

The analogy is drawn between research assessment and the restriction of use of medical expert systems to physicians .
the analogy is drawn between research assessment and the [limit] of use of medical expert systems to physicians .

There is normally no restriction on the maximum number of copies a candidate may produce , but he or she will normally make at least one personal copy , in additional to those supplied to the university in fulfilment of degree requirements .
there is normally no [limit] on the maximum number of copies a candidate may produce , but he or she will normally make at least one personal copy , in additional to those supplied to the university in fulfilment of degree requirements .

In the present study , this problem does not arise , because of the restriction to citations of a single type of material — theses .
in the present study , this problem does not arise , because of the [limit] to citations of a single type of material — theses .

His removal , reportedly suggested by Gen. Pinochet himself after an internal army inquiry , was accompanied by the arrest of three people connected with the case and the placing of a restriction order on another six .
his removal , reportedly suggested by gen. pinochet himself after an internal army inquiry , was accompanied by the arrest of three people connected with the case and the placing of a [limit] order on another six .

The Prime Minister 's decision to take legal action was given strong support by other Socialists , but criticized by some leading politicians of the centre-right , who argued that it might constitute a restriction of freedom of speech .
the prime minister 's decision to take legal action was given strong support by other socialists , but criticized by some leading politicians of the centre-right , who argued that it might constitute a [limit] of freedom of speech .

The most significant restriction was that only 15 per cent of profits made in Romanian currency could be transferred abroad in hard currency .
the most significant [limit] was that only 15 per cent of profits made in romanian currency could be transferred abroad in hard currency .

In particular the Court found unconstitutional the differentiation between levels of payment for lost land and those for other property , and also the restriction of compensation to claims for property expropriated after June 8 , 1949 .
in particular the court found unconstitutional the differentiation between levels of payment for lost land and those for other property , and also the [limit] of compensation to claims for property expropriated after june 8 , 1949 .

( 1 ) Law in the territory specified in Article 3 of the Unification Treaty may deviate from provisions of this Basic Law for a period not extending beyond Dec. 31 , 1992 … Deviations must not violate Article 19 ( 2 ) [ concerning restriction of basic rights ] and must be compatible with the principles set out in Article 79 ( 3 ) [ concerning amendment of the Basic Law ] .
( 1 ) law in the territory specified in article 3 of the unification treaty may deviate from provisions of this basic law for a period not extending beyond dec. 31 , 1992 … deviations must not violate article 19 ( 2 ) [ concerning [limit] of basic rights ] and must be compatible with the principles set out in article 79 ( 3 ) [ concerning amendment of the basic law ] .

Crude oil and timber quotas , however , were not met due to `` resource restriction `` .
crude oil and timber quotas , however , were not met due to `` resource [limit] `` .

Although the Supreme Court had ruled that amendments should be ratified within a reasonable period in order to reflect a contemporaneous consensus — the time limit most usually accepted was seven years — no such restriction had applied at the time when the amendment was first sent to the states for consideration .
although the supreme court had ruled that amendments should be ratified within a reasonable period in order to reflect a contemporaneous consensus — the time limit most usually accepted was seven years — no such [limit] had applied at the time when the amendment was first sent to the states for consideration .

The opposition stated that this was tantamount to `` legitimizing the coup `` and on May 28 set conditions for future dialogue , stating that it should be based on a commitment to convene a `` free , sovereign constituent congress without restriction `` .
the opposition stated that this was tantamount to `` legitimizing the coup `` and on may 28 set conditions for future dialogue , stating that it should be based on a commitment to convene a `` free , sovereign constituent congress without [limit] `` .

Implicit within the ruling was the concept that once an abortion restriction had been upheld in one state , other states could implement it , an interpretation which effectively made it more difficult to challenge the imposition by individual states of restrictions as long as they were within the guidelines established by the Court 's ruling in June 1992 on Roe v. Wade [ see p. 38954 ] .
implicit within the ruling was the concept that once an abortion [limit] had been upheld in one state , other states could implement it , an interpretation which effectively made it more difficult to challenge the imposition by individual states of restrictions as long as they were within the guidelines established by the court 's ruling in june 1992 on roe v. wade [ see p. 38954 ] .

Far from being a restriction this is a positive advantage .
far from being a [limit] this is a positive advantage .

( b ) a restriction on the person 's right to recover possession of the premises ,
( b ) a [limit] on the person 's right to recover possession of the premises ,

These included the abolition of absolute covenants by translating them into fully qualified covenants ; the elimination of qualified covenants such that they would take effect as a fully qualified covenant ; and the placing of the burden of proof for proving `` reasonableness `` where consent has been withheld , together with a restriction upon landlords seeking to delay their decisions regarding consent .
these included the abolition of absolute covenants by translating them into fully qualified covenants ; the elimination of qualified covenants such that they would take effect as a fully qualified covenant ; and the placing of the burden of proof for proving `` reasonableness `` where consent has been withheld , together with a [limit] upon landlords seeking to delay their decisions regarding consent .

There is no restriction in the definition to persons who can not easily be traced .
there is no [limit] in the definition to persons who can not easily be traced .

Standardisation `` in this context means a restriction imposed on a number of aspects of usage which are nevertheless completely appropriate in other circumstances .
standardisation `` in this context means a [limit] imposed on a number of aspects of usage which are nevertheless completely appropriate in other circumstances .

However , Schmidt , Hunter and their associates ( 1977 , 1979 , 1980 , 1981 ) demonstrated that much of the variance among obtained validity coefficients may be a statistical artifact resulting from small sample sizes , criterion unreliability and restriction of range in employee samples .
however , schmidt , hunter and their associates ( 1977 , 1979 , 1980 , 1981 ) demonstrated that much of the variance among obtained validity coefficients may be a statistical artifact resulting from small sample sizes , criterion unreliability and [limit] of range in employee samples .

This point is subject to any statutory restriction which is placed on the parties ' freedom to agree .
this point is subject to any statutory [limit] which is placed on the parties ' freedom to agree .

Technical barriers — restriction on economic activities resulting from national rules and regulations .
technical barriers — [limit] on economic activities resulting from national rules and regulations .

The analysis of the preceding paragraphs suggests that there is no theoretical justification for condemning monopoly and/or merger outright , since the ill effects of output restriction could be more than offset by reductions in costs .
the analysis of the preceding paragraphs suggests that there is no theoretical justification for condemning monopoly and/or merger outright , since the ill effects of output [limit] could be more than offset by reductions in costs .

Thus , article 85 ( 1 ) prohibits agreements , `` … which may affect trade between Member States and which have as their object or effect the prevention , restriction or distortion of competition within the common market … `` , and continues by listing specific types of agreement that are prohibited .
thus , article 85 ( 1 ) prohibits agreements , `` … which may affect trade between member states and which have as their object or effect the prevention , [limit] or distortion of competition within the common market … `` , and continues by listing specific types of agreement that are prohibited .

After getting physically very weak as the result of being unable to eat without extreme discomfort , a few weeks ago Molly was admitted to the Royal Homeopathic Hospital Great Ormond Street where doctors found and dealt with a severe restriction in her stomach .
after getting physically very weak as the result of being unable to eat without extreme discomfort , a few weeks ago molly was admitted to the royal homeopathic hospital great ormond street where doctors found and dealt with a severe [limit] in her stomach .

( 216b ) ) , whereas allow is not subject to this restriction .
( 216b ) ) , whereas allow is not subject to this [limit] .

The bearing of children within favourable age limits and at optimum intervals and the restriction of their numbers promotes by no means ensures child health and well-being .
the bearing of children within favourable age limits and at optimum intervals and the [limit] of their numbers promotes by no means ensures child health and well-being .

Excessive restriction of fluids is n't good for a child 's kidneys , and unless the child is really awake , ‘ lifting ’ can just encourage passing urine while asleep .
excessive [limit] of fluids is n't good for a child 's kidneys , and unless the child is really awake , ‘ lifting ’ can just encourage passing urine while asleep .

Restriction of the rotation to the surface of the bond angle cone ( Figure 1.3 ) does not in fact alter the `` Gaussian `` chain model appreciably since an `` equivalent random link `` may always be found , whatever the restrictions on bond angle .
[limit] of the rotation to the surface of the bond angle cone ( figure 1.3 ) does not in fact alter the `` gaussian `` chain model appreciably since an `` equivalent random link `` may always be found , whatever the restrictions on bond angle .

Before colorectal perfusion studies , the patients and controls had a bowel preparation as for flexible rectosigmoidoscopy , that is — diet restriction and oral purgative the day before and a non-irritative enema two hours before perfusion .
before colorectal perfusion studies , the patients and controls had a bowel preparation as for flexible rectosigmoidoscopy , that is — diet [limit] and oral purgative the day before and a non-irritative enema two hours before perfusion .

Although morphometry showed increased populations of plasma cells , lymphocytes , and mast cells in the mucosae of untreated patients , which were reduced ( except for mast cells ) by dietary gluten restriction , immunohistochemical techniques were far more sensitive in defining these changes .
although morphometry showed increased populations of plasma cells , lymphocytes , and mast cells in the mucosae of untreated patients , which were reduced ( except for mast cells ) by dietary gluten [limit] , immunohistochemical techniques were far more sensitive in defining these changes .

Populations of plasma cells , increased 10 fold above those of lymphocytes , were responsive to gluten restriction ( p=0.02 ) but mast cell populations remained unchanged ( Fig 3 ) .
populations of plasma cells , increased 10 fold above those of lymphocytes , were responsive to gluten [limit] ( p=0.02 ) but mast cell populations remained unchanged ( fig 3 ) .

This study reaffirms our previous work indicating that the rectal mucosa is abnormal in gluten sensitivity and , in particular , displays features of a lymphocytic proctitis that is responsive to gluten restriction .
this study reaffirms our previous work indicating that the rectal mucosa is abnormal in gluten sensitivity and , in particular , displays features of a lymphocytic proctitis that is responsive to gluten [limit] .

Conversely , it is also important to realise that if diarrhoea starts again or even occurs for the first time in a patient treated by gluten restriction , the patient should be investigated for colonic disorders , since the answer may not simply or necessarily rest with dietary lapses , an unresponsiveness phase , or lymphoma .
conversely , it is also important to realise that if diarrhoea starts again or even occurs for the first time in a patient treated by gluten [limit] , the patient should be investigated for colonic disorders , since the answer may not simply or necessarily rest with dietary lapses , an unresponsiveness phase , or lymphoma .

Results of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy of gall bladder stones in 693 patients : a plea for restriction to solitary radiolucent stones
results of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy of gall bladder stones in 693 patients : a plea for [limit] to solitary radiolucent stones

Point mutations in the first two base pairs of K-ras codon 12 were sought by a method previously described , and modified from the non-radioactive restriction enzyme technique of Jiang et al .
point mutations in the first two base pairs of k-ras codon 12 were sought by a method previously described , and modified from the non-radioactive [limit] enzyme technique of jiang et al .

In ulcerative colitis 17 % of patients continue to take antidiarrhoeal agents and some dietary restriction is reported in 25 % .
in ulcerative colitis 17 % of patients continue to take antidiarrhoeal agents and some dietary [limit] is reported in 25 % .

Despite this , constipating agents and dietry restriction tends to be used less often with increasing duration of follow up .
despite this , constipating agents and dietry [limit] tends to be used less often with increasing duration of follow up .

All capital assets can be bought and sold ( long or short without restriction ) , including human capital ( i.e. investment in education and skills ) .
all capital assets can be bought and sold ( long or short without [limit] ) , including human capital ( i.e. investment in education and skills ) .

However this restriction of information left staff as a whole unclear as to what the self-appraisal stated were the general aims and policies of the school .
however this [limit] of information left staff as a whole unclear as to what the self-appraisal stated were the general aims and policies of the school .

Despite the restriction of the survey to schools which had been scheduled at least to have made a start on the review , only four-fifths of the teachers included actually had .
despite the [limit] of the survey to schools which had been scheduled at least to have made a start on the review , only four-fifths of the teachers included actually had .

This leads to the following definition of economic earnings per share : subject to the restriction which implies that the present value of new external funds must sum to zero over the life of the firm , otherwise the firm would not effectively have a budget constraint .
this leads to the following definition of economic earnings per share : subject to the [limit] which implies that the present value of new external funds must sum to zero over the life of the firm , otherwise the firm would not effectively have a budget constraint .

Winter Haining and without any Restriction as to Number , or Proof that they belong to those who have Right of Common .
winter haining and without any [limit] as to number , or proof that they belong to those who have right of common .

At Rome in the 250s a split occurred between the rigorists led by Novatian who believed that for apostates there could be no restoration in this life , and those who saw no restriction in the Lord 's committal of the power of the keys to bind and loose .
at rome in the 250s a split occurred between the rigorists led by novatian who believed that for apostates there could be no restoration in this life , and those who saw no [limit] in the lord 's committal of the power of the keys to bind and loose .

Hence , if a diet involves calorie restriction to 1000 calories per day , then not 980 , not 1020 , but exactly the 1000 calories should pass the lips .
hence , if a diet involves calorie [limit] to 1000 calories per day , then not 980 , not 1020 , but exactly the 1000 calories should pass the lips .

for example , rather than concentrate on food restriction , you might choose to concentrate primarily on increasing consumption of filling , high-fibre , low-fat foods like wholemeal bread or jacket potatoes .
for example , rather than concentrate on food [limit] , you might choose to concentrate primarily on increasing consumption of filling , high-fibre , low-fat foods like wholemeal bread or jacket potatoes .

The feeling of fullness you acquire from , say , jacket potato or brown rice or wholemeal bread can certainly help compensate for the restriction of saturated fat and refined sugar .
the feeling of fullness you acquire from , say , jacket potato or brown rice or wholemeal bread can certainly help compensate for the [limit] of saturated fat and refined sugar .

And the central government 's socialism , it 's restriction of socialist rights to Libyan nationals , set the seal on the discrimination between foreign and national labour because it encouraged Libyan employers to employ foreigners .
and the central government 's socialism , it 's [limit] of socialist rights to libyan nationals , set the seal on the discrimination between foreign and national labour because it encouraged libyan employers to employ foreigners .

The decision follows pressure from disabled racers , furious they were unable to chase personal best times because of the time restriction set for safety reasons .
the decision follows pressure from disabled racers , furious they were unable to chase personal best times because of the time [limit] set for safety reasons .

Competitors complained that the restriction would effectively turn the race into a one-mile sprint at the end when motorcycle outriders moved from their path to allow the race to proceed at its natural pace .
competitors complained that the [limit] would effectively turn the race into a one-mile sprint at the end when motorcycle outriders moved from their path to allow the race to proceed at its natural pace .

He said a letter sent to competitors informing them of the restriction and threatening possible exclusion of wheelchairs from future London marathons if the rule was not adhered to should not have been sent .
he said a letter sent to competitors informing them of the [limit] and threatening possible exclusion of wheelchairs from future london marathons if the rule was not adhered to should not have been sent .

Teachers complain that the restriction forced financially-pressed schools to consider replacing older , relatively expensive staff with young , lower-paid teachers .
teachers complain that the [limit] forced financially-pressed schools to consider replacing older , relatively expensive staff with young , lower-paid teachers .

After much soul-searching , British ministers were prepared , if necessary , to concentrate upon industrial uses of atomic energy , provided there was full technical co-operation and no restriction on exchange of information .
after much soul-searching , british ministers were prepared , if necessary , to concentrate upon industrial uses of atomic energy , provided there was full technical co-operation and no [limit] on exchange of information .

The fiction , however , reads like an attempt to break out of this self-imposed restriction .
the fiction , however , reads like an attempt to break out of this self-imposed [limit] .

By now a new restriction had been placed on their friendship by both parents .
by now a new [limit] had been placed on their friendship by both parents .

Without the restriction of a coffee agreement , Brazil had thought that it would be better able to increase its exports and regain its former market share .
without the [limit] of a coffee agreement , brazil had thought that it would be better able to increase its exports and regain its former market share .

The Ministry of Agriculture said yesterday it was hoped that next week would see the first dairy farms released from the restriction orders .
the ministry of agriculture said yesterday it was hoped that next week would see the first dairy farms released from the [limit] orders .

No such restriction should apply to our large-eyed species ; it should be found with all other different kinds of trilobite assemblages without preference .
no such [limit] should apply to our large-eyed species ; it should be found with all other different kinds of trilobite assemblages without preference .

It belongs to German nature to present oneself as un-German : a tendency to cosmopolitanism , to undermine the sense of nationhood are inseparable from the essence of German nationality ; the idea that one must lose one 's Germanness as much as possible in order to find it , that any restriction to the purely German is felt to be barbaric .
it belongs to german nature to present oneself as un-german : a tendency to cosmopolitanism , to undermine the sense of nationhood are inseparable from the essence of german nationality ; the idea that one must lose one 's germanness as much as possible in order to find it , that any [limit] to the purely german is felt to be barbaric .

Government regulation or act or currency restriction
government regulation or act or currency [limit]

One case per person with no weight restriction .
one case per person with no weight [limit] .

Mainland ice flowing from east to west at the time of the glacial maximum was diverted northwards around Harris , whereas the smaller , isolated hills on North Uist , Benbecula and South Uist provided little restriction to the regional movements .
mainland ice flowing from east to west at the time of the glacial maximum was diverted northwards around harris , whereas the smaller , isolated hills on north uist , benbecula and south uist provided little [limit] to the regional movements .

The men , on the other hand , suffer no similar restriction .
the men , on the other hand , suffer no similar [limit] .

This restriction to particular ‘ niches ’ in the environment is the result of a partitioning out of competing species over a limited range of resources ; each comes to live in the portion of a habitat it can exploit best for reproductive purposes .
this [limit] to particular ‘ niches ’ in the environment is the result of a partitioning out of competing species over a limited range of resources ; each comes to live in the portion of a habitat it can exploit best for reproductive purposes .

There is no restriction on the amount you can withdraw as long as you maintain the minimum balance of £10,000 in your account .
there is no [limit] on the amount you can withdraw as long as you maintain the minimum balance of £10,000 in your account .

Charles , by contrast , had known nothing but restriction and discipline .
charles , by contrast , had known nothing but [limit] and discipline .

Restriction orders banning cattle movement and sale of milk and meat have now been imposed on more than 300 farms , mostly in Cornwall and Devon but also in the Midlands .
[limit] orders banning cattle movement and sale of milk and meat have now been imposed on more than 300 farms , mostly in cornwall and devon but also in the midlands .

Far from regarding a tight budget as a restriction on their decorating , Tim and Patsy see it as a positive advantage .
far from regarding a tight budget as a [limit] on their decorating , tim and patsy see it as a positive advantage .

It is only around 1935 , shortly after Lord Tyrrell 's appointment , that filmmakers became actively conscious of censorship as a real restriction on their freedom of expression .
it is only around 1935 , shortly after lord tyrrell 's appointment , that filmmakers became actively conscious of censorship as a real [limit] on their freedom of expression .

This restriction , however , merely limits Mr Nesbitt , who is chairman of the casino company Crockford 's , and Mr Isaacs from conspiring together to start a rival record chain .
this [limit] , however , merely limits mr nesbitt , who is chairman of the casino company crockford 's , and mr isaacs from conspiring together to start a rival record chain .

Mr Nicol said that in each of the three cases the restriction of access to the public conflicted with the principle of openness which applied to all legal proceedings .
mr nicol said that in each of the three cases the [limit] of access to the public conflicted with the principle of openness which applied to all legal proceedings .

One happy participant in the march planned in Johannesburg will be Mr Sisulu 's wife , Albertina , who , in the one thankfully concrete news development of the day , had her restriction orders lifted by the police yesterday morning .
one happy participant in the march planned in johannesburg will be mr sisulu 's wife , albertina , who , in the one thankfully concrete news development of the day , had her [limit] orders lifted by the police yesterday morning .

But some restriction is better than none .
but some [limit] is better than none .

There were currents of opinion at Rome , represented by the Elder Cato and , much later , by Augustus ' lieutenant , Marcus Agrippa , that favoured the restriction of the display of booty to public settings .
there were currents of opinion at rome , represented by the elder cato and , much later , by augustus ' lieutenant , marcus agrippa , that favoured the [limit] of the display of booty to public settings .

No housing policy can be sound which does not deal courageously with rent restriction as a whole .
no housing policy can be sound which does not deal courageously with rent [limit] as a whole .

In its present form , rent restriction is causing an appalling wastage of existing accommodation and condemning millions of families to ever-worsening conditions , by restricting rents to levels which render the repair and maintenance of premises impossible .
in its present form , rent [limit] is causing an appalling wastage of existing accommodation and condemning millions of families to ever-worsening conditions , by restricting rents to levels which render the repair and maintenance of premises impossible .

This measure of reform in rent restriction will save hundreds of thousands of homes from becoming slums .
this measure of reform in rent [limit] will save hundreds of thousands of homes from becoming slums .

This will liberate an undoubtedly large reservoir of housing space at present withheld from full use by sitting tenants whom rent restriction prevents from moving .
this will liberate an undoubtedly large reservoir of housing space at present withheld from full use by sitting tenants whom rent [limit] prevents from moving .

Pre-war values never did come back ; rent restriction never did cease to be considered necessary , even after the building of three or four million new houses ; subsidies never were discontinued .
pre-war values never did come back ; rent [limit] never did cease to be considered necessary , even after the building of three or four million new houses ; subsidies never were discontinued .

The natural history of the upas tree of housing as a social service , growing from the twin roots of rent restriction and indiscriminate subsidy , would be a fascinating subject for a long book .
the natural history of the upas tree of housing as a social service , growing from the twin roots of rent [limit] and indiscriminate subsidy , would be a fascinating subject for a long book .

If anyone thinks my language exaggerated or highly coloured — and such there might well be , considering that no one here under pensionable age can have any recollection of a world without rent restriction or subsidised rents — let him recall another upas tree which we only managed to cut down in the nick of time ten years ago .
if anyone thinks my language exaggerated or highly coloured — and such there might well be , considering that no one here under pensionable age can have any recollection of a world without rent [limit] or subsidised rents — let him recall another upas tree which we only managed to cut down in the nick of time ten years ago .

It should also be noted that there is a mileage restriction over the three year period of 12,000 miles a year .
it should also be noted that there is a mileage [limit] over the three year period of 12,000 miles a year .

The maximum speed restriction is surprising considering that ZR-rated 255/60x16 Avon Turbospeed tyres are already standard equipment ; it is possible that the company wants to leave space for higher-performance versions still to come .
the maximum speed [limit] is surprising considering that zr-rated 255/60x16 avon turbospeed tyres are already standard equipment ; it is possible that the company wants to leave space for higher-performance versions still to come .

Traditionally , her top class has spent a residential week at Paignton Zoo and she is determined that , given the restriction on charging for activities within school hours , the tradition will be maintained ad infinitum .
traditionally , her top class has spent a residential week at paignton zoo and she is determined that , given the [limit] on charging for activities within school hours , the tradition will be maintained ad infinitum .

In one case promotion in the off-farm employment had been refused by the employed himself because of the added restriction it would have placed on his farming activities .
in one case promotion in the off-farm employment had been refused by the employed himself because of the added [limit] it would have placed on his farming activities .

First , if restriction on liberty is the defining feature of punishment , what are we to make of the experience of children who have to go to school and adults who have to work for a living ?
first , if [limit] on liberty is the defining feature of punishment , what are we to make of the experience of children who have to go to school and adults who have to work for a living ?

For example , employers and teachers keep registers of attendance and prescribe as well as supervise the activities of their employees/pupils , that is , restriction by intent .
for example , employers and teachers keep registers of attendance and prescribe as well as supervise the activities of their employees/pupils , that is , [limit] by intent .

Moreover , children attending school and adults turning up for work inevitably have their liberty restricted : simply because the engagement in one activity necessarily restricts their opportunity to participate in other activities , that is , restriction by effect .
moreover , children attending school and adults turning up for work inevitably have their liberty restricted : simply because the engagement in one activity necessarily restricts their opportunity to participate in other activities , that is , [limit] by effect .

Second , the notion of a continuum of restriction ranging from community penalties to custody — neat as it sounds — fails to acknowledge the unique and painful experience of imprisonment .
second , the notion of a continuum of [limit] ranging from community penalties to custody — neat as it sounds — fails to acknowledge the unique and painful experience of imprisonment .

Almost all the examples he gives for a restriction of client participation are atypical of a community work situation .
almost all the examples he gives for a [limit] of client participation are atypical of a community work situation .

This is widely used because of the comfort and lack of restriction of the upper body .
this is widely used because of the comfort and lack of [limit] of the upper body .

This would have the advantage of removing both the restriction as to the victim and the limitation to women , but the Criminal Law Revision Committee thought that this would lead to an effective narrowing of the scope of infanticide .
this would have the advantage of removing both the [limit] as to the victim and the limitation to women , but the criminal law revision committee thought that this would lead to an effective narrowing of the scope of infanticide .

This was seen as a slight restriction of the doctrine when it was imposed in Church ( 1966 ) , where the court held that ‘ The unlawful act must be such as all sober and reasonable people would inevitably recognize must subject the other person to , at least , the risk of some harm resulting therefrom , albeit not serious harm .
this was seen as a slight [limit] of the doctrine when it was imposed in church ( 1966 ) , where the court held that ‘ the unlawful act must be such as all sober and reasonable people would inevitably recognize must subject the other person to , at least , the risk of some harm resulting therefrom , albeit not serious harm .

In a typically devious climb-down they announced they would bombard the island in future on only the odd dates of the month , as though the rain of shells was a form of parking restriction .
in a typically devious climb-down they announced they would bombard the island in future on only the odd dates of the month , as though the rain of shells was a form of parking [limit] .

Since the slump of 1921 there has been a prevailing tendency , occasionally interrupted but invariably resumed before there has been time for a real recovery towards parsimony and restriction .
since the slump of 1921 there has been a prevailing tendency , occasionally interrupted but invariably resumed before there has been time for a real recovery towards parsimony and [limit] .

His restriction of liberty and her impending removal to Portsmouth and the Wrens looked like making their relationship another casualty of war .
his [limit] of liberty and her impending removal to portsmouth and the wrens looked like making their relationship another casualty of war .

The restriction of the title ‘ acid cleaner ’ to toilets is also unfortunate as these products are suitable for much wider uses .
the [limit] of the title ‘ acid cleaner ’ to toilets is also unfortunate as these products are suitable for much wider uses .

They operate by what is known as the venturi principle : water from the tap is forced through a restriction in the body of the dispenser which causes suction in the throat of the restriction .
they operate by what is known as the venturi principle : water from the tap is forced through a [limit] in the body of the dispenser which causes suction in the throat of the [limit] .

There are also negative measures in the sense of restriction of land-uses , and exclusion of people and/or livestock from certain areas .
there are also negative measures in the sense of [limit] of land-uses , and exclusion of people and/or livestock from certain areas .

Restriction of livestock with similar variations is also a frequent negative element in combinations of conservation techniques .
[limit] of livestock with similar variations is also a frequent negative element in combinations of conservation techniques .

Maud too saw him as a type ; in her case he represented the restriction and boredom of countless childhood country weekends of shooting and tramping and sporting conversation .
maud too saw him as a type ; in her case he represented the [limit] and boredom of countless childhood country weekends of shooting and tramping and sporting conversation .

Also deprived of his vote ( under the peerage restriction ) was Lord Alexander of Weedon , chairman of the NatWest Bank .
also deprived of his vote ( under the peerage [limit] ) was lord alexander of weedon , chairman of the natwest bank .

Nine of the world 's top wheelchair racers due to take part have best times up to 18 minutes inside the restriction .
nine of the world 's top wheelchair racers due to take part have best times up to 18 minutes inside the [limit] .

Following studies by Eastern Region 's engineers , a new tracklaying strategy was introduced in 1987 whereby — with the use of a new machine called the Dynamic Track Stabiliser — tracks could be handed back by 06.00 on Monday morning at the full 125mph line speed , eliminating the need for a temporary speed restriction and associated recovery time allowance .
following studies by eastern region 's engineers , a new tracklaying strategy was introduced in 1987 whereby — with the use of a new machine called the dynamic track stabiliser — tracks could be handed back by 06.00 on monday morning at the full 125mph line speed , eliminating the need for a temporary speed [limit] and associated recovery time allowance .

Underlying the restriction of the canon are a number of interrelated factors , unified by the institutional need to give the subject a proper identity .
underlying the [limit] of the canon are a number of interrelated factors , unified by the institutional need to give the subject a proper identity .

Instead , the matter of attendance is left to the discretion of the governors with no restriction on their discretion .
instead , the matter of attendance is left to the discretion of the governors with no [limit] on their discretion .

Moral standards imposed a further and more subtle restriction on women .
moral standards imposed a further and more subtle [limit] on women .

Without this restriction , he said , those opposed to the Soviet regime would be able to invoke the principle to subvert the new order .
without this [limit] , he said , those opposed to the soviet regime would be able to invoke the principle to subvert the new order .

Labour has committed itself to a wide range of civil-liberties legislation and constitutional reform when it returns to government , to counter what its Deputy Leader , Mr Hattersley , has described as the vulnerability of traditional freedoms to the dual threat of ‘ legal restriction and a cynical partnership between Government and private enterprise ’ .
labour has committed itself to a wide range of civil-liberties legislation and constitutional reform when it returns to government , to counter what its deputy leader , mr hattersley , has described as the vulnerability of traditional freedoms to the dual threat of ‘ legal [limit] and a cynical partnership between government and private enterprise ’ .

The Act is a mass of technical paperwork and restriction .
the act is a mass of technical paperwork and [limit] .

Because Beinn Alligin is owned by The National Trust For Scotland , there 's no access restriction in the stalking season which means you do n't have to worry about disturbing rich , fat dick-heads out to kill things for fun .
because beinn alligin is owned by the national trust for scotland , there 's no access [limit] in the stalking season which means you do n't have to worry about disturbing rich , fat dick-heads out to kill things for fun .

For the New Right and other influential sectors of political opinion the attempt to achieve racial equality through legal and political means is at best naïve political folly , and at worst a restriction on the workings of the market .
for the new right and other influential sectors of political opinion the attempt to achieve racial equality through legal and political means is at best naïve political folly , and at worst a [limit] on the workings of the market .

It is a pity that the Budget legislation may not be enacted , for one of the measures did cheer me up , namely the removal of the £3,000 restriction on the amount that can be invested in unit and investment trusts through a Personal Equity Plan .
it is a pity that the budget legislation may not be enacted , for one of the measures did cheer me up , namely the removal of the £3,000 [limit] on the amount that can be invested in unit and investment trusts through a personal equity plan .

The social reformers who staffed the think tanks that fed into the right wing of the Conservative Party and who advocated the restructuring of education , the dismantling of the welfare state and the restriction of local government power , needed a theme through which to proselytise their views .
the social reformers who staffed the think tanks that fed into the right wing of the conservative party and who advocated the restructuring of education , the dismantling of the welfare state and the [limit] of local government power , needed a theme through which to proselytise their views .

There was no income restriction on any households in receipt of programme monies .
there was no income [limit] on any households in receipt of programme monies .

An assessment of their monopoly power may also lead them to the conclusion that a substantial rise in their profit margin and consequent restriction of demand may increase their profit .
an assessment of their monopoly power may also lead them to the conclusion that a substantial rise in their profit margin and consequent [limit] of demand may increase their profit .

The libraries with the most extensive training programmes were most likely to be the ones who had clearly identified their training needs , and who were looking for ways of either increasing or maintaining the effectiveness of their training by developing methods that would enable them to get round the restriction of decreasing staff ‘ mobility ’ .
the libraries with the most extensive training programmes were most likely to be the ones who had clearly identified their training needs , and who were looking for ways of either increasing or maintaining the effectiveness of their training by developing methods that would enable them to get round the [limit] of decreasing staff ‘ mobility ’ .

He can work comfortably and easily despite the weight and restriction of the line fastened to his collar .
he can work comfortably and easily despite the weight and [limit] of the line fastened to his collar .

When birds are released from cages , they flap and stretch at a very high rate , suggesting that they are compensating for their earlier restriction .
when birds are released from cages , they flap and stretch at a very high rate , suggesting that they are compensating for their earlier [limit] .

For example Charlesworth et al , 1984 , by analysis of 1979/80 survey data on 255 elderly people and their 157 carers in north-west England , found that 22 per cent of the carers felt their caring role had either exacerbated or caused a health problem for them ; 38 per cent had experienced some restriction in relation to work , and 44 per cent some restriction on their leisure time .
for example charlesworth et al , 1984 , by analysis of 1979/80 survey data on 255 elderly people and their 157 carers in north-west england , found that 22 per cent of the carers felt their caring role had either exacerbated or caused a health problem for them ; 38 per cent had experienced some [limit] in relation to work , and 44 per cent some [limit] on their leisure time .

… it is not difficult to imagine a case where it would be essential for employers embarking for example on a new technical process to invite existing employees to agree to some reasonable restriction on their use of the knowledge they acquire of the new technique ; and where it would be essential for the employer to terminate , by due notice , the services of an employee who was unwilling to accept such a restriction .
… it is not difficult to imagine a case where it would be essential for employers embarking for example on a new technical process to invite existing employees to agree to some reasonable [limit] on their use of the knowledge they acquire of the new technique ; and where it would be essential for the employer to terminate , by due notice , the services of an employee who was unwilling to accept such a [limit] .

The effect of this regrettable and wholly arbitrary restriction is that , for a senior executive , an unfair dismissal claim may provide only a very limited redress for the losses resulting from the unjust ending of employment .
the effect of this regrettable and wholly arbitrary [limit] is that , for a senior executive , an unfair dismissal claim may provide only a very limited redress for the losses resulting from the unjust ending of employment .

Exactly how sodium restriction exerts its hypotensive action and why in only certain people remains unknown .
exactly how sodium [limit] exerts its hypotensive action and why in only certain people remains unknown .

It has been observed that sodium restriction tends to be more beneficial in hypertensives who have low plasma renin activity and in whom the aldosterone response to lowering dietary sodium is poor ( Vaughan et al , 1973 ) .
it has been observed that sodium [limit] tends to be more beneficial in hypertensives who have low plasma renin activity and in whom the aldosterone response to lowering dietary sodium is poor ( vaughan et al , 1973 ) .

The reduction of intravascular fluid volume secondary to sodium restriction may be a relevant factor .
the reduction of intravascular fluid volume secondary to sodium [limit] may be a relevant factor .

It was in the late 1970s that the potential hazards of traditional carbohydrate restriction were fully realised .
it was in the late 1970s that the potential hazards of traditional carbohydrate [limit] were fully realised .

Carbohydrate restriction had been used in the preinsulin era to try to control hyperglycaemia .
carbohydrate [limit] had been used in the preinsulin era to try to control hyperglycaemia .

The log interpretation lithological model reflects the core information as much as possible with the restriction that the number of unknowns ( minerals ) is limited by the number of logs recorded in order to maintain the stability of the computation model .
the log interpretation lithological model reflects the core information as much as possible with the [limit] that the number of unknowns ( minerals ) is limited by the number of logs recorded in order to maintain the stability of the computation model .

However , it is sometimes convenient to retain this freedom , so this restriction will not be made in the following section .
however , it is sometimes convenient to retain this freedom , so this [limit] will not be made in the following section .

It may now be pointed out that , with the restriction ( 9.14 ) , the above solution includes the Khan-Penrose ( 1971 ) solution for colliding impulsive waves when .
it may now be pointed out that , with the [limit] ( 9.14 ) , the above solution includes the khan-penrose ( 1971 ) solution for colliding impulsive waves when .

( 12.53 ) With this restriction , the boundary conditions are satisfied , and .
( 12.53 ) with this [limit] , the boundary conditions are satisfied , and .

Many clinicians have seized the opportunities implicit within the clinical directorate structure believing that in a cash limited system the most positive response to any threat to clinical freedom is to become involved in the discussions stemming from the financial restriction .
many clinicians have seized the opportunities implicit within the clinical directorate structure believing that in a cash limited system the most positive response to any threat to clinical freedom is to become involved in the discussions stemming from the financial [limit] .

But it might be salvaged by the damnatio , to which that restriction did not apply , and which would impose on the heir an obligation to pay the object or its value .
but it might be salvaged by the damnatio , to which that [limit] did not apply , and which would impose on the heir an obligation to pay the object or its value .

Although the practical significance of missio should not be minimized , this restriction makes it much less powerful a protection than an action in rem .
although the practical significance of missio should not be minimized , this [limit] makes it much less powerful a protection than an action in rem .

Those who formulated the rules for admission to the College , who were afraid they might deter men from coming forward to train for membership of a still infant profession , limited the requirement for admission to an ability to read and write well — quite a severe restriction at the time — plus personal recommendation .
those who formulated the rules for admission to the college , who were afraid they might deter men from coming forward to train for membership of a still infant profession , limited the requirement for admission to an ability to read and write well — quite a severe [limit] at the time — plus personal recommendation .

There is no restriction on the local authority regarding works registered under the Alkali , etc .
there is no [limit] on the local authority regarding works registered under the alkali , etc .

The only restriction being that a condition must directly relate to the site and must be reasonable .
the only [limit] being that a condition must directly relate to the site and must be reasonable .

Following the case of Re Beecham Group Ltd 's Application there seems to be a good chance of any restriction contained in a s.52 agreement being modified or discharged on application ; the Tribunal in that case modifying a restriction contained in a s.52 agreement to allow development , on the basis that the local authority would suffer no injury if the restriction was modified .
following the case of re beecham group ltd 's application there seems to be a good chance of any [limit] contained in a s.52 agreement being modified or discharged on application ; the tribunal in that case modifying a [limit] contained in a s.52 agreement to allow development , on the basis that the local authority would suffer no injury if the [limit] was modified .

If this reasoning is applied generally then in almost every case the local authority , not actually owning the land to be benefited by the restriction , will not be injured by modification or discharge .
if this reasoning is applied generally then in almost every case the local authority , not actually owning the land to be benefited by the [limit] , will not be injured by modification or discharge .

Such national rules may have to be challenged by individuals in national courts or by the Commission before the ambit of this restriction of the ‘ general good ’ is finally resolved .
such national rules may have to be challenged by individuals in national courts or by the commission before the ambit of this [limit] of the ‘ general good ’ is finally resolved .

There are a number of circumstances in which the Commission may consider that a restriction on competition does not of itself fall within Article 85(1) because of the economic context in which it operates or alternatively where it is appropriate to grant individual exemptions . Examples of the granting of negative clearances or individual exemptions by the Commission and confirmed by the European Court in recent years include :
there are a number of circumstances in which the commission may consider that a [limit] on competition does not of itself fall within article 85(1) because of the economic context in which it operates or alternatively where it is appropriate to grant individual exemptions . examples of the granting of negative clearances or individual exemptions by the commission and confirmed by the european court in recent years include :

Restrictions by the vendor of a business not to compete with the purchaser provided that the restriction is reasonable in time and scope
restrictions by the vendor of a business not to compete with the purchaser provided that the [limit] is reasonable in time and scope

Hypertensives in the experimental group received intensive advice about their blood pressure , including guidance on weight control and salt restriction , and if that did n't work they were given anti-hypertensive drugs .
hypertensives in the experimental group received intensive advice about their blood pressure , including guidance on weight control and salt [limit] , and if that did n't work they were given anti-hypertensive drugs .

Although the term ‘ allometry ’ has usually been reserved for morphological and physiological variables related to size , this restriction is unfortunate .
although the term ‘ allometry ’ has usually been reserved for morphological and physiological variables related to size , this [limit] is unfortunate .

An apparently dangerous criminal may be hospitalised with a restriction stipulating that only the Home secretary can authorise his release .
an apparently dangerous criminal may be hospitalised with a [limit] stipulating that only the home secretary can authorise his release .

This can , of course , be potentially dangerous for the partnership as a whole , since even acts in which the partner is prohibited from indulging under the deed of agreement may still fall within this category of ‘ ostensible authority ’ so long as the outsider concerned is not aware of the relevant restriction .
this can , of course , be potentially dangerous for the partnership as a whole , since even acts in which the partner is prohibited from indulging under the deed of agreement may still fall within this category of ‘ ostensible authority ’ so long as the outsider concerned is not aware of the relevant [limit] .

However , the restriction of management powers within a partnership requires careful and express rebuttal of the presumptions established by the 1890 Act .
however , the [limit] of management powers within a partnership requires careful and express rebuttal of the presumptions established by the 1890 act .

Government policy was , and is , to maintain urban densities to conserve farming land , and when the developers won an appeal on the second half at a density of twelve houses per acre , the developer asked the district council whether , in view of the Secretary of State 's decision , they would agree to waive the restriction ( which they could still enforce if they wished under the Section 52 agreement ) ; this the district council agreed to do .
government policy was , and is , to maintain urban densities to conserve farming land , and when the developers won an appeal on the second half at a density of twelve houses per acre , the developer asked the district council whether , in view of the secretary of state 's decision , they would agree to waive the [limit] ( which they could still enforce if they wished under the section 52 agreement ) ; this the district council agreed to do .

Under their licences granted in 1984 , the network providers are forbidden from selling airtime or cellphones direct to the public , a restriction imposed to prevent them wielding excessive power in the business .
under their licences granted in 1984 , the network providers are forbidden from selling airtime or cellphones direct to the public , a [limit] imposed to prevent them wielding excessive power in the business .

Julian Driver , technical director of Vickers Laboratories , which has introduced this restriction , explained that ‘ it must be used in a reaction which will result in a non-volatile product — and there are precious few of those ’ .
julian driver , technical director of vickers laboratories , which has introduced this [limit] , explained that ‘ it must be used in a reaction which will result in a non-volatile product — and there are precious few of those ’ .

There is no restriction on age , but nominees must not hold or have held professorships in the British Isles .
there is no [limit] on age , but nominees must not hold or have held professorships in the british isles .

This restriction on copying applies equally to single , group and site licences .
this [limit] on copying applies equally to single , group and site licences .

The restriction was caused by her knickers , which were still just above her knees .
the [limit] was caused by her knickers , which were still just above her knees .

During these periods , the great tides sweeping in from the Atlantic would first feel the initial restriction of the Bristol Channel .
during these periods , the great tides sweeping in from the atlantic would first feel the initial [limit] of the bristol channel .

As the mass of water raced upstream , the restriction increased as it reached the ever narrowing upper reaches .
as the mass of water raced upstream , the [limit] increased as it reached the ever narrowing upper reaches .

No time restriction or withdrawal notice is required .
no time [limit] or withdrawal notice is required .

Such balances are not normally transferable by cheque and may be subject to a time restriction on withdrawals .
such balances are not normally transferable by cheque and may be subject to a time [limit] on withdrawals .

Sight deposits are , in the main , cheque account funds while time deposits incorporate an element of withdrawal restriction , i.e .
sight deposits are , in the main , cheque account funds while time deposits incorporate an element of withdrawal [limit] , i.e .

Now that period of restriction has ended , there is political pressure on the government to embark on a more comprehensive and equitable policy of land distribution .
now that period of [limit] has ended , there is political pressure on the government to embark on a more comprehensive and equitable policy of land distribution .

Such a policy had ( and has ) its risks ; the forbidden becomes tempting — especially if there seems no good reason for a restriction .
such a policy had ( and has ) its risks ; the forbidden becomes tempting — especially if there seems no good reason for a [limit] .

No restriction was placed on schemes supported by UDGs — industrial , commercial , residential , recreational or community-based projects or combinations of these could all be assisted .
no [limit] was placed on schemes supported by udgs — industrial , commercial , residential , recreational or community-based projects or combinations of these could all be assisted .

Sweatshops at the turn of the century encompassed a range of workplaces in which , as one commentator noted , “ Congestion , unsanitary quarters , lack of restriction on child labor , absolutely unregulated hours , and miserable pay combine to create a condition which endangers the lives not only of the workers , but of the purchasers of their products. ” 19 A study in 1893 of the “ sweating system ” estimated that one-half of the clothing manufactured at that time came from factories , while the other half originated in home work or was subcontracted in small shops often adjoining homes .
sweatshops at the turn of the century encompassed a range of workplaces in which , as one commentator noted , “ congestion , unsanitary quarters , lack of [limit] on child labor , absolutely unregulated hours , and miserable pay combine to create a condition which endangers the lives not only of the workers , but of the purchasers of their products. ” 19 a study in 1893 of the “ sweating system ” estimated that one-half of the clothing manufactured at that time came from factories , while the other half originated in home work or was subcontracted in small shops often adjoining homes .

What about the arbitrary restriction to a femtosecond ?
what about the arbitrary [limit] to a femtosecond ?

This restriction reinforces the notion of the imperial family as living descendents and representatives of the gods — despite the emperor ’ s renunciation of divinity announced as one of the terms of surrender at the end of World War II ( when some people literally fainted upon hearing the emperor ’ s voice on the radio for the first time ) .
this [limit] reinforces the notion of the imperial family as living descendents and representatives of the gods — despite the emperor ’ s renunciation of divinity announced as one of the terms of surrender at the end of world war ii ( when some people literally fainted upon hearing the emperor ’ s voice on the radio for the first time ) .

In Indiana , similarly , `` there is n't really any particular restriction on what you can buy with your money .
in indiana , similarly , `` there is n't really any particular [limit] on what you can buy with your money .

This restriction does not preclude the requester from sharing the product with other Members .
this [limit] does not preclude the requester from sharing the product with other members .

In such cases , GAO reserves the right , after consultation with the requester , to make the information or product generally available regardless of a restriction placed on its release .
in such cases , gao reserves the right , after consultation with the requester , to make the information or product generally available regardless of a [limit] placed on its release .

GAO reserves the right to release any product that has been issued but is under restriction if it is leaked or otherwise made publicly available .
gao reserves the right to release any product that has been issued but is under [limit] if it is leaked or otherwise made publicly available .

Such a restriction also would further reduce the limited flexibility we have to research and develop expertise on emerging issues , thereby limiting our ability to respond to the Congress when related issues arise on short notice .
such a [limit] also would further reduce the limited flexibility we have to research and develop expertise on emerging issues , thereby limiting our ability to respond to the congress when related issues arise on short notice .

The final analysis points out that the expedited application/notice procedures and the removal of unnecessary and outmoded regulatory restriction will be particularly helpful to small bank holding companies .
the final analysis points out that the expedited application/notice procedures and the removal of unnecessary and outmoded regulatory [limit] will be particularly helpful to small bank holding companies .

The restriction on event sponsorship and manufacturers ' compliance with existing device registration and listing requirements and good manufacturing practice requirements will become effective 2 years from publication .
the [limit] on event sponsorship and manufacturers ' compliance with existing device registration and listing requirements and good manufacturing practice requirements will become effective 2 years from publication .

GAO reserves the right to release any product that has been issued to the congressional requester but is under restriction if the product 's contents are made public prior to the expiration of the restriction date .
gao reserves the right to release any product that has been issued to the congressional requester but is under [limit] if the product 's contents are made public prior to the expiration of the [limit] date .

These difficulties , combined with a departmental emphasis on adopting private-sector practices , have led DOD to prepare draft legislation that would abolish the current restriction and allow military and civilian employees governmentwide to retain for personal use frequent flyer benefits received on official travel .
these difficulties , combined with a departmental emphasis on adopting private-sector practices , have led dod to prepare draft legislation that would abolish the current [limit] and allow military and civilian employees governmentwide to retain for personal use frequent flyer benefits received on official travel .

For purposes of our decision , the restriction , to be quoted in further detail , prohibits legal representation funded by recipients of LSC moneys if the representation involves an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing welfare law .
for purposes of our decision , the [limit] , to be quoted in further detail , prohibits legal representation funded by recipients of lsc moneys if the representation involves an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing welfare law .

As interpreted by the LSC and by the Government , the restriction prevents an attorney from arguing to a court that a state statute conflicts with a federal statute or that either a state or federal statute by its terms or in its application is violative of the United States Constitution .
as interpreted by the lsc and by the government , the [limit] prevents an attorney from arguing to a court that a state statute conflicts with a federal statute or that either a state or federal statute by its terms or in its application is violative of the united states constitution .

Lawyers employed by New York City LSC grantees , together with private LSC contributors , LSC indigent clients , and various state and local public officials whose governments contribute to LSC grantees , brought suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York to declare the restriction , among other provisions of the Act , invalid .
lawyers employed by new york city lsc grantees , together with private lsc contributors , lsc indigent clients , and various state and local public officials whose governments contribute to lsc grantees , brought suit in the united states district court for the southern district of new york to declare the [limit] , among other provisions of the act , invalid .

We agree that the restriction violates the Amendment , and we affirm the judgment of the Court of Appeals .
we agree that the [limit] violates the amendment , and we affirm the judgment of the court of appeals .

Where the government uses or attempts to regulate a particular medium , we have been informed by its accepted usage in determining whether a particular restriction on speech is necessary for the pro-gram 's purposes and limitations .
where the government uses or attempts to regulate a particular medium , we have been informed by its accepted usage in determining whether a particular [limit] on speech is necessary for the pro-gram 's purposes and limitations .

In FCC v. League of Women Voters of Cal. , 468 U. S. 364 ( 1984 ) , the Court was instructed by its understanding of the dynamics of the broadcast industry in holding that prohibitions against editorializing by public radio networks were an impermissible restriction , even though the Government enacted the restriction to control the use of public funds .
in fcc v. league of women voters of cal. , 468 u. s. 364 ( 1984 ) , the court was instructed by its understanding of the dynamics of the broadcast industry in holding that prohibitions against editorializing by public radio networks were an impermissible [limit] , even though the government enacted the [limit] to control the use of public funds .

Here the program presumes that private , nongovernmental speech is necessary , and a substantial restriction is placed upon that speech .
here the program presumes that private , nongovernmental speech is necessary , and a substantial [limit] is placed upon that speech .

Television Comm ' n , supra , and Rosenberger , supra , it may not design a subsidy to effect this serious and fundamental restriction on advocacy of attorneys and the functioning of the judiciary .
television comm ' n , supra , and rosenberger , supra , it may not design a subsidy to effect this serious and fundamental [limit] on advocacy of attorneys and the functioning of the judiciary .

A disturbing example of the restriction was discussed during oral argument before the Court .
a disturbing example of the [limit] was discussed during oral argument before the court .

The restriction imposed by the statute here threatens severe impairment of the judicial function .
the [limit] imposed by the statute here threatens severe impairment of the judicial function .

If the restriction on speech and legal advice were to stand , the result would be two tiers of cases .
if the [limit] on speech and legal advice were to stand , the result would be two tiers of cases .

A scheme so inconsistent with accepted separation-of-powers principles is an insufficient basis to sustain or uphold the restriction on speech .
a scheme so inconsistent with accepted separation-of-powers principles is an insufficient basis to sustain or uphold the [limit] on speech .

It is no answer to say the restriction on speech is harmless because , under LSC 's interpretation of the Act , its attorneys can withdraw .
it is no answer to say the [limit] on speech is harmless because , under lsc 's interpretation of the act , its attorneys can withdraw .

The restriction on speech is even more problematic because in cases where the attorney withdraws from a representation , the client is unlikely to find other counsel .
the [limit] on speech is even more problematic because in cases where the attorney withdraws from a representation , the client is unlikely to find other counsel .

In petitioners ' view , the restriction operates neither to maintain the current welfare system nor insulate it from attack ; rather , it helps the current welfare system function in a more efficient and fair manner by removing from the program complex challenges to existing welfare laws .
in petitioners ' view , the [limit] operates neither to maintain the current welfare system nor insulate it from attack ; rather , it helps the current welfare system function in a more efficient and fair manner by removing from the program complex challenges to existing welfare laws .

The effect of the restriction , however , is to prohibit advice or argumentation that existing welfare laws are unconstitutional or unlawful .
the effect of the [limit] , however , is to prohibit advice or argumentation that existing welfare laws are unconstitutional or unlawful .

Here , notwithstanding Congress ' purpose to confine and limit its program , the restriction operates to insulate current welfare laws from constitutional scrutiny and certain other legal challenges , a condition implicating central Amendment concerns .
here , notwithstanding congress ' purpose to confine and limit its program , the [limit] operates to insulate current welfare laws from constitutional scrutiny and certain other legal challenges , a condition implicating central amendment concerns .

The attempted restriction is designed to insulate the Government 's interpretation of the Constitution from judicial challenge .
the attempted [limit] is designed to insulate the government 's interpretation of the constitution from judicial challenge .

Respondents- lawyers employed by LSC grantees , together with others- filed suit to declare , inter alia , the restriction invalid .
respondents- lawyers employed by lsc grantees , together with others- filed suit to declare , inter alia , the [limit] invalid .

The District Court denied them a preliminary injunction , but the Second Circuit invalidated the restriction , finding it impermissible viewpoint discrimination that violated the Amendment .
the district court denied them a preliminary injunction , but the second circuit invalidated the [limit] , finding it impermissible viewpoint discrimination that violated the amendment .

Held : The funding restriction violates the Amendment .
held : the funding [limit] violates the amendment .

Here the program presumes that private , nongovernmental speech is necessary , and a substantial restriction is placed upon that speech .
here the program presumes that private , nongovernmental speech is necessary , and a substantial [limit] is placed upon that speech .

The Government may not design a subsidy to effect such a serious and fundamental restriction on the advocacy of attorneys and the functioning of the judiciary .
the government may not design a subsidy to effect such a serious and fundamental [limit] on the advocacy of attorneys and the functioning of the judiciary .

However , the instant restriction prevents LSC attorneys from advising the courts of serious statutory validity questions .
however , the instant [limit] prevents lsc attorneys from advising the courts of serious statutory validity questions .

The result of this restriction would be two tiers of cases .
the result of this [limit] would be two tiers of cases .

A scheme so inconsistent with accepted separation-of-powers principles is an insufficient basis to sustain or uphold the restriction on speech .
a scheme so inconsistent with accepted separation-of-powers principles is an insufficient basis to sustain or uphold the [limit] on speech .

The restriction is even more problematic because in cases where the attorney withdraws , the indigent client is unlikely to find other counsel .
the [limit] is even more problematic because in cases where the attorney withdraws , the indigent client is unlikely to find other counsel .

Finally , notwithstanding Congress ' purpose to confine and limit its program , the restriction insulates current welfare laws from constitutional scrutiny and certain other legal challenges , a condition implicating central Amendment concerns .
finally , notwithstanding congress ' purpose to confine and limit its program , the [limit] insulates current welfare laws from constitutional scrutiny and certain other legal challenges , a condition implicating central amendment concerns .

The restriction on litigation , however , is unique , and it contains a proviso specifying what the restriction does not cover .
the [limit] on litigation , however , is unique , and it contains a proviso specifying what the [limit] does not cover .

SCALIA , J. , dissenting The Court further asserts that these cases are different from Rust because the welfare funding restriction `` seeks to use an existing medium of expression and to control it .
scalia , j. , dissenting the court further asserts that these cases are different from rust because the welfare funding [limit] `` seeks to use an existing medium of expression and to control it .

It discusses why the Government 's asserted interest in `` preventing [ public radio ] stations from becoming a privileged outlet for the political and ideological opinions of station owners and managers , '' 468 U. S. , at 396 ( internal quotation marks omitted ) , was insubstantial and thus could not justify the statute 's restriction on editorializing .
it discusses why the government 's asserted interest in `` preventing [ public radio ] stations from becoming a privileged outlet for the political and ideological opinions of station owners and managers , '' 468 u. s. , at 396 ( internal quotation marks omitted ) , was insubstantial and thus could not justify the statute 's [limit] on editorializing .

Even worse for the Court , after invalidating the restriction on this conventional Amendment ground , League of Women Voters goes on to say that `` [ o ] f course , '' the restriction on editorializing `` would plainly be valid '' if `` Congress were to adopt a revised version of [ the statute ] that permitted [ public radio ] stations to establish 'affiliate ' organizations which could then use the station 's facilities to editorialize with nonfederal funds . ''
even worse for the court , after invalidating the [limit] on this conventional amendment ground , league of women voters goes on to say that `` [ o ] f course , '' the [limit] on editorializing `` would plainly be valid '' if `` congress were to adopt a revised version of [ the statute ] that permitted [ public radio ] stations to establish 'affiliate ' organizations which could then use the station 's facilities to editorialize with nonfederal funds . ''

I think it necessary to a `` proper disposition '' here because the statute concocted by the Court of Appeals bears little resemblance to what Congress enacted , funding without restriction welfare-benefits litigation that Congress funded only under the limitations of §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) .
i think it necessary to a `` proper disposition '' here because the statute concocted by the court of appeals bears little resemblance to what congress enacted , funding without [limit] welfare-benefits litigation that congress funded only under the limitations of §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) .

The severability question here is , essentially , whether , without the restriction that the Court today invalidates , the permission for conducting welfare litigation would have been accorded .
the severability question here is , essentially , whether , without the [limit] that the court today invalidates , the permission for conducting welfare litigation would have been accorded .

To strike the restriction on welfare benefits suits is to void §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) altogether .
to strike the [limit] on welfare benefits suits is to void §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) altogether .

The Erlenborn Commission was authorized by a resolution of the Corporation 's Board of Directors on November 16 , 1998 , to study the presence requirement in the Corporation 's statutory restriction on the representation of eligible aliens .
the erlenborn commission was authorized by a resolution of the corporation 's board of directors on november 16 , 1998 , to study the presence requirement in the corporation 's statutory [limit] on the representation of eligible aliens .

They are also generally permitted to travel to and from the United States without restriction under U.S. immigration laws .
they are also generally permitted to travel to and from the united states without [limit] under u.s. immigration laws .

All the comments made regarding limitations on LSC representation for H-2A workers focused on the restriction of the subject matter of such representation to claims arising from the worker 's employment contract.20 In adopting the H-2A provision in IRCA , Congress was aware that H-2A workers were allowed 20Representative Simpson , for example , stressed that `` [ t ] he legal services that will be availableto H-2 workers - and they are foreign nationals .
all the comments made regarding limitations on lsc representation for h-2a workers focused on the [limit] of the subject matter of such representation to claims arising from the worker 's employment contract.20 in adopting the h-2a provision in irca , congress was aware that h-2a workers were allowed 20representative simpson , for example , stressed that `` [ t ] he legal services that will be availableto h-2 workers - and they are foreign nationals .

South Carolina Strong collaboration among the five LSC programs , the South Carolina Bar , the South Carolina Bar Foundation and the Appleseed Justice Center ( formerly South Carolina Legal Services Association ) , has been a hallmark of South Carolina 's planning since the initial response to the 1995 federal budget cuts and restriction .
south carolina strong collaboration among the five lsc programs , the south carolina bar , the south carolina bar foundation and the appleseed justice center ( formerly south carolina legal services association ) , has been a hallmark of south carolina 's planning since the initial response to the 1995 federal budget cuts and [limit] .

If necessary to meeting the restriction imposed in the preceding sentence the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the annual allowances allocated for each unit under this paragraph .
if necessary to meeting the [limit] imposed in the preceding sentence the administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the annual allowances allocated for each unit under this paragraph .

If necessary to meeting the 40,000 allowance restriction imposed under this subsection the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the additional annual allowances allocated to each unit under this subsection .
if necessary to meeting the 40,000 allowance [limit] imposed under this subsection the administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the additional annual allowances allocated to each unit under this subsection .

If necessary to meeting the 5,000 allowance restriction imposed in the last clause of the preceding sentence the Administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the additional allowances allocated to each unit pursuant to this paragraph .
if necessary to meeting the 5,000 allowance [limit] imposed in the last clause of the preceding sentence the administrator shall reduce , pro rata , the additional allowances allocated to each unit pursuant to this paragraph .

In addition , one would expect a renewed interest in costs for narrow product categories , even for specific customers.9 If the Private Express Statutes were repealed , it is possible that Congress would also change the framework for labor negotiations , especially the no-strike rule and the requirement for binding arbitration when no agreement is reached through collective 7 The restriction would be that it must provide some reasonable level of service on seemingly reasonable terms to all recipients .
in addition , one would expect a renewed interest in costs for narrow product categories , even for specific customers.9 if the private express statutes were repealed , it is possible that congress would also change the framework for labor negotiations , especially the no-strike rule and the requirement for binding arbitration when no agreement is reached through collective 7 the [limit] would be that it must provide some reasonable level of service on seemingly reasonable terms to all recipients .

Even in that situation , the restriction obliged running the information through the OIPR screen .
even in that situation , the [limit] obliged running the information through the oipr screen .

Members of the Intelligence committees serve for a limited time , a restriction imposed by each chamber .
members of the intelligence committees serve for a limited time , a [limit] imposed by each chamber .

For the syndromic surveillance analyses we set the upper limit on the geographical size of the outbreak to be a circle with a 5-km radius , and the maximum temporal length to be 7 d. This means that we are evaluating outbreaks with a circle radius size anywhere between 0 km ( one zip code only ) and 5 km , and a time length ( cylinder height ) of 1 to 7 d. The latter restriction is a reflection of the belief that the main purpose of this syndromic surveillance system is early disease outbreak detection , and if the outbreak has existed for over 1 wk , it is more likely to be picked up by reporting of specific disease diagnoses by clinicians or laboratories .
for the syndromic surveillance analyses we set the upper limit on the geographical size of the outbreak to be a circle with a 5-km radius , and the maximum temporal length to be 7 d. this means that we are evaluating outbreaks with a circle radius size anywhere between 0 km ( one zip code only ) and 5 km , and a time length ( cylinder height ) of 1 to 7 d. the latter [limit] is a reflection of the belief that the main purpose of this syndromic surveillance system is early disease outbreak detection , and if the outbreak has existed for over 1 wk , it is more likely to be picked up by reporting of specific disease diagnoses by clinicians or laboratories .

We guess the aim of the chapter is to illustrate that environmental feedbacks can be potent and general agents of evolutionary change , but the restriction of the theory to such a narrow model , with very technical explanation , risks losing the few readers who we suspect will stay the course ( did we really need a rederivation for haplodiploids ? ) .
we guess the aim of the chapter is to illustrate that environmental feedbacks can be potent and general agents of evolutionary change , but the [limit] of the theory to such a narrow model , with very technical explanation , risks losing the few readers who we suspect will stay the course ( did we really need a rederivation for haplodiploids ? ) .

Results Glucose Restriction Initiates IPC Development Culture media with high glucose concentrations have been useful for isolating and maintaining progenitor cell populations from the central and peripheral nervous systems [ 14,17 ] and for permitting differentiation by neurogenic cells [ 18 ] .
results glucose [limit] initiates ipc development culture media with high glucose concentrations have been useful for isolating and maintaining progenitor cell populations from the central and peripheral nervous systems [ 14,17 ] and for permitting differentiation by neurogenic cells [ 18 ] .

These data suggest that glucose restriction initiates developmental programs known to promote differentiation of mammalian neural and neuroendocrine cells .
these data suggest that glucose [limit] initiates developmental programs known to promote differentiation of mammalian neural and neuroendocrine cells .

Self-reported sleep measures of chronic sleep Two variables were used to evaluate degree of “ chronic sleep restriction ” by estimating average nightly sleep duration : ( i ) “ usual sleep ” ( from questionnaires ) and ( ii ) “ average nightly sleep ” ( from sleep diaries ) .
self-reported sleep measures of chronic sleep two variables were used to evaluate degree of “ chronic sleep [limit] ” by estimating average nightly sleep duration : ( i ) “ usual sleep ” ( from questionnaires ) and ( ii ) “ average nightly sleep ” ( from sleep diaries ) .

Short sleep duration was associated with decreased leptin and increased ghrelin , changes that have also been observed in reaction to food restriction and weight loss and are typically associated with increased appetite .
short sleep duration was associated with decreased leptin and increased ghrelin , changes that have also been observed in reaction to food [limit] and weight loss and are typically associated with increased appetite .

Previous studies have shown that both acute sleep deprivation [ 18 ] and chronic partial sleep deprivation ( sleep restriction ) [ 19 ] can cause a decrease in serum leptin concentrations .
previous studies have shown that both acute sleep deprivation [ 18 ] and chronic partial sleep deprivation ( sleep [limit] ) [ 19 ] can cause a decrease in serum leptin concentrations .

These changes can be hypothesized to play a contributory , rather than compensatory , role in the development of overweight and obesity with sleep restriction .
these changes can be hypothesized to play a contributory , rather than compensatory , role in the development of overweight and obesity with sleep [limit] .

Elevated ghrelin mainly correlated with acute sleep loss as measured by polysomnography immediately prior to blood sampling ( see Table 4 ; Figure 3B ) , while reduced leptin correlated with chronic sleep restriction indicated by self-reported sleep measures ( see Table 4 ; Figure 3A ) .
elevated ghrelin mainly correlated with acute sleep loss as measured by polysomnography immediately prior to blood sampling ( see table 4 ; figure 3b ) , while reduced leptin correlated with chronic sleep [limit] indicated by self-reported sleep measures ( see table 4 ; figure 3a ) .

The changes in leptin and ghrelin with sleep restriction could , therefore , provide a powerful dual stimulus to food intake that may culminate in obesity .
the changes in leptin and ghrelin with sleep [limit] could , therefore , provide a powerful dual stimulus to food intake that may culminate in obesity .

This may be an issue for ghrelin , as levels increased with acute sleep restriction .
this may be an issue for ghrelin , as levels increased with acute sleep [limit] .

It is , however , unlikely to play a role in the leptin finding , since lower levels were found with chronic but not acute sleep restriction .
it is , however , unlikely to play a role in the leptin finding , since lower levels were found with chronic but not acute sleep [limit] .

The fact that studies investigating the diurnal profile of these hormones found similar hormonal changes over the entire 24-h period after experimental sleep restriction also corroborates our results [ 18,19 ] .
the fact that studies investigating the diurnal profile of these hormones found similar hormonal changes over the entire 24-h period after experimental sleep [limit] also corroborates our results [ 18,19 ] .

In societies where high-calorie food is freely available and consumption uncontrolled , after milder chronic sleep restriction , the equation may be tipped towards food intake for high-calorie food rather than expenditure , culminating in obesity .
in societies where high-calorie food is freely available and consumption uncontrolled , after milder chronic sleep [limit] , the equation may be tipped towards food intake for high-calorie food rather than expenditure , culminating in obesity .

A 20 % or 50 % dextrose solution can be infused through a central venous catheter if fluid restriction is critical .
a 20 % or 50 % dextrose solution can be infused through a central venous catheter if fluid [limit] is critical .

These same cases were also screened for the exon 21 L858R mutation by a PCR–restriction fragment length polymorphism assay , based on a new Sau96I restriction site created by the L858R mutation ( 2,573T→G ) .
these same cases were also screened for the exon 21 l858r mutation by a pcr–restriction fragment length polymorphism assay , based on a new sau96i [limit] site created by the l858r mutation ( 2,573t→g ) .

The possible role of sleep restriction in autoimmune and inflammatory disorders is of particular interest in light of recent findings linking immune function with ghrelin and leptin .
the possible role of sleep [limit] in autoimmune and inflammatory disorders is of particular interest in light of recent findings linking immune function with ghrelin and leptin .

Evidence that calorie restriction ( CR ) retards aging and extends median and maximal life span was first described in the 1930s by McCay et al .
evidence that calorie [limit] ( cr ) retards aging and extends median and maximal life span was first described in the 1930s by mccay et al .

Thus , from this study it can be implied that restricting carbohydrate is less advantageous than restricting protein/lipid for mediating the effects of dietary restriction ( DR ) on life span .
thus , from this study it can be implied that restricting carbohydrate is less advantageous than restricting protein/lipid for mediating the effects of dietary [limit] ( dr ) on life span .

Investigators have undertaken studies of prolonged calorie restriction in humans Only a handful of studies have investigated the role of altering nutrient composition on longevity in rodents .
investigators have undertaken studies of prolonged calorie [limit] in humans only a handful of studies have investigated the role of altering nutrient composition on longevity in rodents .

The results from these studies have been contradictory , with some studies showing no life-span extension following restriction of fat only [ 9 ] and others showing increased life span following replacement of casein-protein for soy-protein [ 10 ] .
the results from these studies have been contradictory , with some studies showing no life-span extension following [limit] of fat only [ 9 ] and others showing increased life span following replacement of casein-protein for soy-protein [ 10 ] .

Patients were excluded from the study if the pregnancy was complicated by TTTS , monoamnionicity , intrauterine growth restriction , growth discordance , structural anomalies , or twin reversed arterial perfusion sequence .
patients were excluded from the study if the pregnancy was complicated by ttts , monoamnionicity , intrauterine growth [limit] , growth discordance , structural anomalies , or twin reversed arterial perfusion sequence .

There were no significant differences between the IUFD-affected pregnancies and the unaffected pregnancies with regards to antenatal indicators of intrauterine growth restriction and TTTS .
there were no significant differences between the iufd-affected pregnancies and the unaffected pregnancies with regards to antenatal indicators of intrauterine growth [limit] and ttts .

Monochorionic twins are at higher risk because they share a common placenta ; they are primarily at risk from circulation abnormalities like twin–twin transfusion syndrome ( the smaller twin [ donor ] does not get enough blood while the larger twin [ recipient ] becomes volume overloaded ) and intrauterine growth restriction .
monochorionic twins are at higher risk because they share a common placenta ; they are primarily at risk from circulation abnormalities like twin–twin transfusion syndrome ( the smaller twin [ donor ] does not get enough blood while the larger twin [ recipient ] becomes volume overloaded ) and intrauterine growth [limit] .

The authors conclude that “ despite intensive fetal surveillance , structurally normal monochorionic diamniotic twin pregnancies without twin–twin transfusion syndrome and intrauterine growth restriction are complicated by a high rate of intrauterine death. ” As the deaths occurred predominantly after 32 weeks ' gestation , the authors suggest that the prospective risk for fetal death in these pregnancies might be eliminated by elective preterm delivery after 32 weeks .
the authors conclude that “ despite intensive fetal surveillance , structurally normal monochorionic diamniotic twin pregnancies without twin–twin transfusion syndrome and intrauterine growth [limit] are complicated by a high rate of intrauterine death. ” as the deaths occurred predominantly after 32 weeks ' gestation , the authors suggest that the prospective risk for fetal death in these pregnancies might be eliminated by elective preterm delivery after 32 weeks .

Sinclair and several other prominent gerontologists are presently seeking human therapies based on the long-standing observation that lifelong restriction of caloric intake considerably extends both the healthy and total life span of nearly all species in which it has been tried , including rodents and dogs .
sinclair and several other prominent gerontologists are presently seeking human therapies based on the long-standing observation that lifelong [limit] of caloric intake considerably extends both the healthy and total life span of nearly all species in which it has been tried , including rodents and dogs .

Drugs that elicit the gene expression changes that result from caloric restriction might , these workers assert , extend human life span by something approaching the same proportion as seen in rodents—20 % is often predicted—without impacting quality of life , and even when administered starting in middle age .
drugs that elicit the gene expression changes that result from caloric [limit] might , these workers assert , extend human life span by something approaching the same proportion as seen in rodents—20 % is often predicted—without impacting quality of life , and even when administered starting in middle age .

I agree with these predictions in two respects : that the degree of life extension achieved by first-generation drugs of this sort may well approach the ( currently unknown ) amount elicitable by caloric restriction itself in humans , and that it is unlikely to be much exceeded by later drugs that work the same way .
i agree with these predictions in two respects : that the degree of life extension achieved by first-generation drugs of this sort may well approach the ( currently unknown ) amount elicitable by caloric [limit] itself in humans , and that it is unlikely to be much exceeded by later drugs that work the same way .

A specific exon 20 mutation ( T790M ) was also detected by length analysis of fluorescently labeled ( FAM ) PCR products on a capillary electrophoresis device ( ABI 3100 Avant , Applied Biosystems , Foster City , California , United States ) , based on a new NlaIII restriction site created by the T790M mutation ( 2369 C→T ) , using the following primers : EGFR Ex20F , 5′-FAM- CTCCCTCCAGGAAGCCTACGTGAT-3′ and EGFR Ex20R 5′- TTTGCGATCTGCACACACCA-3′ .
a specific exon 20 mutation ( t790m ) was also detected by length analysis of fluorescently labeled ( fam ) pcr products on a capillary electrophoresis device ( abi 3100 avant , applied biosystems , foster city , california , united states ) , based on a new nlaiii [limit] site created by the t790m mutation ( 2369 c→t ) , using the following primers : egfr ex20f , 5′-fam- ctccctccaggaagcctacgtgat-3′ and egfr ex20r 5′- tttgcgatctgcacacacca-3′ .

A Novel PCR Restriction Fragment Length Polymorphism Assay Independently Confirms the Absence or Presence of the T790M Mutation As stated above , the mutant peaks suggestive of a T790M mutation in exon 20 were small in some sequence chromatograms .
a novel pcr [limit] fragment length polymorphism assay independently confirms the absence or presence of the t790m mutation as stated above , the mutant peaks suggestive of a t790m mutation in exon 20 were small in some sequence chromatograms .

To eliminate the possibility that these peaks were due to background “ noise , ” we sought to confirm the presence of the 2369 C→T mutation in specific samples , by developing an independent test , based on a fluorescence detection assay that takes advantage of a PCR restriction fragment length polymorphism ( PCR-RFLP ) generated by the specific missense mutation .
to eliminate the possibility that these peaks were due to background “ noise , ” we sought to confirm the presence of the 2369 c→t mutation in specific samples , by developing an independent test , based on a fluorescence detection assay that takes advantage of a pcr [limit] fragment length polymorphism ( pcr-rflp ) generated by the specific missense mutation .

Presence of the mutant 2369 T nucleotide creates a new NlaIII restriction digest site , yielding a slightly shorter product ( 97 bp ) , readily detected by fluorescent capillary electrophoresis .
presence of the mutant 2369 t nucleotide creates a new nlaiii [limit] digest site , yielding a slightly shorter product ( 97 bp ) , readily detected by fluorescent capillary electrophoresis .

The thought was that repression of natural impulses was a reification of the restriction to bare necessities for labor under capitalist relations of production .
the thought was that repression of natural impulses was a reification of the [limit] to bare necessities for labor under capitalist relations of production .

That restriction does n't save the plan , however .
that [limit] does n't save the plan , however .

Prudie is noticing that concert halls and theaters now have printed announcements requiring their restriction , as well .
prudie is noticing that concert halls and theaters now have printed announcements requiring their [limit] , as well .

The GIs did , because they found the virtual prohibition on divorce an intolerable restriction on their freedom .
the gis did , because they found the virtual prohibition on divorce an intolerable [limit] on their freedom .

An alternative measure reinstating a ban on funding for groups that also perform or promote abortions passed by a wider margin , but the Senate is expected to oppose such a restriction .
an alternative measure reinstating a ban on funding for groups that also perform or promote abortions passed by a wider margin , but the senate is expected to oppose such a [limit] .

As I have suggested , one possible restriction ( although not one I would favor ) on any Norplant incentive program would be to limit eligibility to teen-agers who have already been pregnant or , at least , sexually active .
as i have suggested , one possible [limit] ( although not one i would favor ) on any norplant incentive program would be to limit eligibility to teen-agers who have already been pregnant or , at least , sexually active .

Either the restriction spills over onto speech that should be free , or the freedom spills over onto speech that , in the judgment of most legislators , voters , and judges , should be restricted .
either the [limit] spills over onto speech that should be free , or the freedom spills over onto speech that , in the judgment of most legislators , voters , and judges , should be restricted .

The justices were willing to allow such a restriction of adults ' access to speech in order to shield children .
the justices were willing to allow such a [limit] of adults ' access to speech in order to shield children .

Denver Consortium followed the same pattern : It struck down a restriction on indecent speech because there were other effective alternatives available ; but it suggested that such a restriction might be constitutional if it were , in fact , the only effective way to shield children .
denver consortium followed the same pattern : it struck down a [limit] on indecent speech because there were other effective alternatives available ; but it suggested that such a [limit] might be constitutional if it were , in fact , the only effective way to shield children .

Incidentally , in Pennsylvania , the presence of a racial restriction in a set of deed restrictions makes all the rest of that set of restrictions ( e.g. , as to the maximum height of fences , the prohibition of nonsingle-family residences , etc . )
incidentally , in pennsylvania , the presence of a racial [limit] in a set of deed restrictions makes all the rest of that set of restrictions ( e.g. , as to the maximum height of fences , the prohibition of nonsingle-family residences , etc . )

It seems to me that Sable Communications and the relevant part ( Part III ) of Denver Consortium allow the government to restrict speech in other media , so long as the restriction is the least restrictive means of shielding children from improper material .
it seems to me that sable communications and the relevant part ( part iii ) of denver consortium allow the government to restrict speech in other media , so long as the [limit] is the least restrictive means of shielding children from improper material .

Whether one looks at a rating requirement as a speech compulsion ( you must self-rate any indecent speech ) or as a speech restriction ( you may not say certain things unless you self-rate them ) , a rating requirement is indeed a burden on speech ; I do n't believe I suggested the contrary .
whether one looks at a rating requirement as a speech compulsion ( you must self-rate any indecent speech ) or as a speech [limit] ( you may not say certain things unless you self-rate them ) , a rating requirement is indeed a burden on speech ; i do n't believe i suggested the contrary .

The American Library Association , along with the American Civil Liberties Union , takes the absolutist position that any restriction on library Internet access -- including one narrowly tailored to keep children away from pornography -- violates Amendment freedoms .
the american library association , along with the american civil liberties union , takes the absolutist position that any [limit] on library internet access -- including one narrowly tailored to keep children away from pornography -- violates amendment freedoms .

Restrictions on people 's right to spend money expressing themselves is a very real -- and unconstitutional -- restriction on their right of free speech .
restrictions on people 's right to spend money expressing themselves is a very real -- and unconstitutional -- [limit] on their right of free speech .

The American Red Cross said the restriction will decrease the blood supply by 2.2 percent per year .
the american red cross said the [limit] will decrease the blood supply by 2.2 percent per year .

Sex differences , she points out , offer no support to invidious stereotypes , are not a guideline for what is right , do not apply to every individual , and never justify the restriction of opportunity .
sex differences , she points out , offer no support to invidious stereotypes , are not a guideline for what is right , do not apply to every individual , and never justify the [limit] of opportunity .

What 's wrong , says the Post , is that such a restriction does not likewise constrain corporate political contributions .
what 's wrong , says the post , is that such a [limit] does not likewise constrain corporate political contributions .

The Journal says the absence of a restriction on lawsuits was a surprise to all sides .
the journal says the absence of a [limit] on lawsuits was a surprise to all sides .

Is this sort of restriction legal ?
is this sort of [limit] legal ?

Wealthy parents are free to put virtually any restriction on their estates .
wealthy parents are free to put virtually any [limit] on their estates .

Conditional gifts to charities -- such as the donation of a university building with the restriction that alcohol not be served on the premises -- have long been made .
conditional gifts to charities -- such as the donation of a university building with the [limit] that alcohol not be served on the premises -- have long been made .

Gradually , the paintings exhibit a restriction in emotional range as well .
gradually , the paintings exhibit a [limit] in emotional range as well .

But then you chide me that the `` painfully obvious answer '' to my lament is that these changes wo n't come `` if that kind of restriction violates the Amendment . ''
but then you chide me that the `` painfully obvious answer '' to my lament is that these changes wo n't come `` if that kind of [limit] violates the amendment . ''

But the painfully obvious answer is , not if that kind of restriction violates the Amendment .
but the painfully obvious answer is , not if that kind of [limit] violates the amendment .

Unfortunately , the analysis ca n't be that simple , because such a restriction will not only save lives , but also cost lives .
unfortunately , the analysis ca n't be that simple , because such a [limit] will not only save lives , but also cost lives .

King George III and his ministers were actually just blundering their way through the tricky business of running a trans-Atlantic empire , but suspicious Americans viewed each restriction of their rights -- the Stamp Act , the Tea Act , and so on -- as part of a scheme to reduce them to slavery .
king george iii and his ministers were actually just blundering their way through the tricky business of running a trans-atlantic empire , but suspicious americans viewed each [limit] of their rights -- the stamp act , the tea act , and so on -- as part of a scheme to reduce them to slavery .

The Democrats may have violated this last restriction .
the democrats may have violated this last [limit] .

The Clinton campaign converts a legal restriction into a political virtue , marrying Dole to the grainy black-and-white visage of America 's most unpopular politician .
the clinton campaign converts a legal [limit] into a political virtue , marrying dole to the grainy black-and-white visage of america 's most unpopular politician .

The NYT reports that Clinton administration officials reviewing the proposed tobacco industry settlement have concluded it puts too great a restriction on the FDA 's power to regulate nicotine , and thus that this deal is not likely to receive President Clinton 's support .
the nyt reports that clinton administration officials reviewing the proposed tobacco industry settlement have concluded it puts too great a [limit] on the fda 's power to regulate nicotine , and thus that this deal is not likely to receive president clinton 's support .

Any politician worth his salt could evade this restriction .
any politician worth his salt could evade this [limit] .

The paper explains that although grand jury testimony must be kept secret , Congress is not covered by that restriction .
the paper explains that although grand jury testimony must be kept secret , congress is not covered by that [limit] .

Turning to the Introduction , written by Betty Kirkpatrick , we read , “ There is a school of thought prevalent mainly among older people which seeks to impose a kind of restriction on language that is not imposed on other areas of life. ” [ p. v ] I guess that “ older ” means ` anyone older than Kirkpatrick , ' which I happen to be ; but , while it is a matter of fact ( and of record ) that I do seek to impose restrictions , they are directed against inept , ineffectual , inaccurate language and poor style .
turning to the introduction , written by betty kirkpatrick , we read , “ there is a school of thought prevalent mainly among older people which seeks to impose a kind of [limit] on language that is not imposed on other areas of life. ” [ p. v ] i guess that “ older ” means ` anyone older than kirkpatrick , ' which i happen to be ; but , while it is a matter of fact ( and of record ) that i do seek to impose restrictions , they are directed against inept , ineffectual , inaccurate language and poor style .

