The appointment was announced at a news conference at which Skorich said he would retain two members of Shaw's staff -- Jerry Williams and Charlie Gauer .
the appointment was announced at a news conference at which skorich said he would [keep] two members of shaw's staff -- jerry williams and charlie gauer .

The taxpayer testified that in order to retain the account he had to pad his invoices and pay the excess to the manager .
the taxpayer testified that in order to [keep] the account he had to pad his invoices and pay the excess to the manager .

It seems to me that N.C. , in his editorial `` Confrontation '' ( SR , Mar. 25 ) , has hit upon the real problem that bothers all of us in a complex world : how do we retain our personal relationship with those who suffer ? ?
it seems to me that n.c. , in his editorial `` confrontation '' ( sr , mar. 25 ) , has hit upon the real problem that bothers all of us in a complex world : how do we [keep] our personal relationship with those who suffer ? ?

Early in the war it was not uncommon for planters' sons to retain in camp Negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes .
early in the war it was not uncommon for planters' sons to [keep] in camp negro `` body servants '' to perform the menial chores such as cooking , foraging , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes .

The second stage is to retain the nominal classification of `` neutralist '' , while in fact turning the country into an active advocate and adherent of Soviet policy .
the second stage is to [keep] the nominal classification of `` neutralist '' , while in fact turning the country into an active advocate and adherent of soviet policy .

In another sense , it is represented in the arguments of the `` true believers '' who seek to disprove the validity of all other beliefs and ideas in order to retain confidence in theirs .
in another sense , it is represented in the arguments of the `` true believers '' who seek to disprove the validity of all other beliefs and ideas in order to [keep] confidence in theirs .

Surrounded by crime and violence everywhere , the `` hardboiled '' private eye can retain his purity only through a life of self-imposed isolation .
surrounded by crime and violence everywhere , the `` hardboiled '' private eye can [keep] his purity only through a life of self-imposed isolation .

Under its plan Du Pont would retain its General Motors shares but be required to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares .
under its plan du pont would [keep] its general motors shares but be required to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares .

But it is crucial that here , unlike Burford , the trial court was ordered to retain the case until the state courts had had a reasonable opportunity to settle the state-law question .
but it is crucial that here , unlike burford , the trial court was ordered to [keep] the case until the state courts had had a reasonable opportunity to settle the state-law question .

For example , property `` used in the trade or business '' of a transferor corporation , as defined in section 1231 , presumably would not retain its special status following a non-taxable reorganization if it is not so used in the business of the acquiring corporation .
for example , property `` used in the trade or business '' of a transferor corporation , as defined in section 1231 , presumably would not [keep] its special status following a non-taxable reorganization if it is not so used in the business of the acquiring corporation .

We took the matches -- they were book matches and once they'd been touched might retain fingerprints -- and the change .
we took the matches -- they were book matches and once they'd been touched might [keep] fingerprints -- and the change .

They say mixed colleges attract more applicants and find it easier to retain academic staff .
they say mixed colleges attract more applicants and find it easier to [keep] academic staff .

When you have a sex change operation in the eyes of the law you stay the sex you were born . The law relating to marriage and sexual harrassment for example says you retain the sex you were born
when you have a sex change operation in the eyes of the law you stay the sex you were born . the law relating to marriage and sexual harrassment for example says you [keep] the sex you were born

And just back to football , the South Midland premier division ; Thame United retain their lead at the top of the table with a narrow but in the end , comfortable victory at Langford this afternoon .
and just back to football , the south midland premier division ; thame united [keep] their lead at the top of the table with a narrow but in the end , comfortable victory at langford this afternoon .

Sealed up , whether it 's hot or cold they retain the temperature .
sealed up , whether it 's hot or cold they [keep] the temperature .

The Government came under heavy pressure from the Law Society of Scotland to retain the contributory band to ensure that applicants were not encouraged to waste police and court time by using legal aid procedures to delay an eventual plea of guilty on the first day in court .
the government came under heavy pressure from the law society of scotland to [keep] the contributory band to ensure that applicants were not encouraged to waste police and court time by using legal aid procedures to delay an eventual plea of guilty on the first day in court .

Fife region 's policy and resources committee yesterday empowered the administration leader , Councillor John MacDougall , and the chief executive , Dr John Markland , to take whatever action is necessary to try to retain the service .
fife region 's policy and resources committee yesterday empowered the administration leader , councillor john macdougall , and the chief executive , dr john markland , to take whatever action is necessary to try to [keep] the service .

Nikki Richardson , manager of Digital 's corporate information group at the company 's headquarters in Massachusetts , refused to confirm widespread speculation in Scotland and Ireland that the review will result in the company 's deciding to retain only one of the two manufacturing plants .
nikki richardson , manager of digital 's corporate information group at the company 's headquarters in massachusetts , refused to confirm widespread speculation in scotland and ireland that the review will result in the company 's deciding to [keep] only one of the two manufacturing plants .

They will retain a significant role through the party machinery in policy formation .
they will [keep] a significant role through the party machinery in policy formation .

Mr Lang took a strong personal interest in the moves to retain the Ayr plant .
mr lang took a strong personal interest in the moves to [keep] the ayr plant .

Its spokesman , Rory Mair , who is also chief executive of Ross and Cromarty District Council , said that if the Government wished to retain any credibility over the matter it had no option but to accept the logical consequences of the select committee report and enter discussions with the local authorities on compensation .
its spokesman , rory mair , who is also chief executive of ross and cromarty district council , said that if the government wished to [keep] any credibility over the matter it had no option but to accept the logical consequences of the select committee report and enter discussions with the local authorities on compensation .

‘ Shandwick offered the opportunity to retain our own name and develop autonomously with no interference and they have been totally true to their word .
‘ shandwick offered the opportunity to [keep] our own name and develop autonomously with no interference and they have been totally true to their word .

With a move to new premises which would double its audience capacity in a city not noted for enthusiastic theatre-going , the company needed to retain its existing audience while attracting new theatre go-ers to fill additional seats .
with a move to new premises which would double its audience capacity in a city not noted for enthusiastic theatre-going , the company needed to [keep] its existing audience while attracting new theatre go-ers to fill additional seats .

Demand from investors will determine how many new shares are issued , although Pittencrieff said yesterday it will retain a majority stake .
demand from investors will determine how many new shares are issued , although pittencrieff said yesterday it will [keep] a majority stake .

And they interpret that as meaning that whatever happens in the money market exporters should still retain some of their current advantage .
and they interpret that as meaning that whatever happens in the money market exporters should still [keep] some of their current advantage .

The board had hoped that , when it lost statutory monopoly power to buy all milk in its area some time next year , it would retain 100 per cent loyalty from its dairy farmers .
the board had hoped that , when it lost statutory monopoly power to buy all milk in its area some time next year , it would [keep] 100 per cent loyalty from its dairy farmers .

He would like to see safeguards built into the bill to limit the size of the new co-op and he is also critical of plans by Milk Marque to retain control of key activities like milk testing and the artificial insemination service .
he would like to see safeguards built into the bill to limit the size of the new co-op and he is also critical of plans by milk marque to [keep] control of key activities like milk testing and the artificial insemination service .

In principle , the display of antibody fragments on the surface of recombinant retroviral particles could be used to target virus to cells for gene delivery , or to retain the virus in target tissues .
in principle , the display of antibody fragments on the surface of recombinant retroviral particles could be used to target virus to cells for gene delivery , or to [keep] the virus in target tissues .

Retroviruses displaying antibody fragments might also be used to retain the retrovirus in the vicinity of a tumour , and thereby reduce the systemic spread of recombinant retroviruses .
retroviruses displaying antibody fragments might also be used to [keep] the retrovirus in the vicinity of a tumour , and thereby reduce the systemic spread of recombinant retroviruses .

Her letter adds : ‘ Until elimination of those stocks is achieved , Labour will retain Britain 's nuclear capability , with the number of warheads no greater than the present total . ’
her letter adds : ‘ until elimination of those stocks is achieved , labour will [keep] britain 's nuclear capability , with the number of warheads no greater than the present total . ’

Yet in spite of the drive to encourage employers to recruit more people with physical or mental difficulties — or retain them in the wake of ill-health — too many are still backing off from taking on such staff , according to the Department of Employment .
yet in spite of the drive to encourage employers to recruit more people with physical or mental difficulties — or [keep] them in the wake of ill-health — too many are still backing off from taking on such staff , according to the department of employment .

The Parachute Regiment will retain one band with the merger of the Falkland and Pegasus Bands and the Army Air Corps will have its own band for the first time .
the parachute regiment will [keep] one band with the merger of the falkland and pegasus bands and the army air corps will have its own band for the first time .

Union officials held an hour-long meeting with Mr Clarke at the Home Office , urging him to retain the pay formula set up after the bitter nine-week strike in 1977/78 .
union officials held an hour-long meeting with mr clarke at the home office , urging him to [keep] the pay formula set up after the bitter nine-week strike in 1977/78 .

Several small landscapes of central France retain the ‘ primitive ’ perspective and sharp delineation of the still lives , while emphasising a clarity of light rarely found in Scotland .
several small landscapes of central france [keep] the ‘ primitive ’ perspective and sharp delineation of the still lives , while emphasising a clarity of light rarely found in scotland .

For the past two years , a cross-party section of politicians , mountaineers , hillwalkers and fishermen has lobbied the Ministry of Defence to retain the unit at Leuchars , which since its inception in 1955 has carried out 2,731 rescues .
for the past two years , a cross-party section of politicians , mountaineers , hillwalkers and fishermen has lobbied the ministry of defence to [keep] the unit at leuchars , which since its inception in 1955 has carried out 2,731 rescues .

They will be lucky if they retain as many as 80 of their present 265 parliamentary seats .
they will be lucky if they [keep] as many as 80 of their present 265 parliamentary seats .

Lloyd 's has had a difficult time recently but it remains vital if London is to retain its pre-eminent position in the world insurance market .
lloyd 's has had a difficult time recently but it remains vital if london is to [keep] its pre-eminent position in the world insurance market .

‘ We are the part that allows them to retain their customers , ’ Heggie says .
‘ we are the part that allows them to [keep] their customers , ’ heggie says .

This game should enable them to overtake Kings , who have completed their fixtures , on points difference and retain the men 's first division title .
this game should enable them to overtake kings , who have completed their fixtures , on points difference and [keep] the men 's first division title .

Tulloch Timber intends to retain a traditional operation , competing in the fencing , pallet-wood and mining-timber markets using home-grown softwood .
tulloch timber intends to [keep] a traditional operation , competing in the fencing , pallet-wood and mining-timber markets using home-grown softwood .

Looking ahead , Mr Jordan said that he hoped the Chancellor would at least decide to retain the 40 per cent capital allowance in the autumn budget .
looking ahead , mr jordan said that he hoped the chancellor would at least decide to [keep] the 40 per cent capital allowance in the autumn budget .

Additional priorities must be to encourage the players to express some individual flair and support those who are prepared to have a go rather than just retain possession which Scotland did achieve against Samoa for long enough .
additional priorities must be to encourage the players to express some individual flair and support those who are prepared to have a go rather than just [keep] possession which scotland did achieve against samoa for long enough .

‘ Even losing a goal is occasionally good for you because it brings you back to earth and helps you retain a sense of vulnerability .
‘ even losing a goal is occasionally good for you because it brings you back to earth and helps you [keep] a sense of vulnerability .

This is Roxburgh 's reference to an apparently hungry group of players anxious to retain the squad places they have won , albeit under emergency conditions in some cases .
this is roxburgh 's reference to an apparently hungry group of players anxious to [keep] the squad places they have won , albeit under emergency conditions in some cases .

‘ They certainly do n't help the official gain and retain control .
‘ they certainly do n't help the official gain and [keep] control .

Rangers retain reservations about the security arrangements for the visit of even a reduced support .
rangers [keep] reservations about the security arrangements for the visit of even a reduced support .

He 's formed a useful partnership with Gordon Hunter and may retain his place in spite of the fact that Tommy McIntyre and Neil Orr are again available .
he 's formed a useful partnership with gordon hunter and may [keep] his place in spite of the fact that tommy mcintyre and neil orr are again available .

Government officials in Dublin warned that they will make an official complaint to the European Commission if they find proof of claims that Britain used the lure of £400 million worth of lucrative defence contracts to persuade Digital to retain Ayr at the expense of Galway .
government officials in dublin warned that they will make an official complaint to the european commission if they find proof of claims that britain used the lure of £400 million worth of lucrative defence contracts to persuade digital to [keep] ayr at the expense of galway .

In contrast to Montgomerie , Gilford , who won in Agadir with a nine-under-par 279 to retain the title , and runner-up Spence , who finished on 280 with Stephen Ames of Trinidad and Tobago , flew home well satisfied with their four days ' work .
in contrast to montgomerie , gilford , who won in agadir with a nine-under-par 279 to [keep] the title , and runner-up spence , who finished on 280 with stephen ames of trinidad and tobago , flew home well satisfied with their four days ' work .

Teachers retain control of registration — keeping the important element of one-to-one contact — and perform it in the usual time , but instead of noting absences on paper , they feed the information directly onto a portable electronic register which then passes it to the central computer .
teachers [keep] control of registration — keeping the important element of one-to-one contact — and perform it in the usual time , but instead of noting absences on paper , they feed the information directly onto a portable electronic register which then passes it to the central computer .

‘ Our research shows the vast majority of clubs want to retain an element of terracing .
‘ our research shows the vast majority of clubs want to [keep] an element of terracing .

Spink quickly moved around the leader , who was fighting to retain control , and drew steadily away .
spink quickly moved around the leader , who was fighting to [keep] control , and drew steadily away .

Make the ‘ low flags ’ area a nonstopping zone that is , retain the bus stops on the High Row side but do not allow any stopping at all on the lower side , say , from Woolworths to the Tubwell Row corner .
make the ‘ low flags ’ area a nonstopping zone that is , [keep] the bus stops on the high row side but do not allow any stopping at all on the lower side , say , from woolworths to the tubwell row corner .

If apartheid is a thing of the past why did President de Klerk put his political future on the line in his fight against right-wing extremists who are determined to retain apartheid ?
if apartheid is a thing of the past why did president de klerk put his political future on the line in his fight against right-wing extremists who are determined to [keep] apartheid ?

To this point , it is the tiny netting minority which continues to do its Houdini act and manages to retain ‘ residential respectability ’ and political support .
to this point , it is the tiny netting minority which continues to do its houdini act and manages to [keep] ‘ residential respectability ’ and political support .

McKenzie looked as if he might have done enough to retain his crown after coming back from a ninth-round crisis in which he was floored by a two-punch combination to the body .
mckenzie looked as if he might have done enough to [keep] his crown after coming back from a ninth-round crisis in which he was floored by a two-punch combination to the body .

The club 's application to retain the wire will be considered tomorrow night .
the club 's application to [keep] the wire will be considered tomorrow night .

‘ Now information that a school used to retain for its own purposes is becoming part of the public domain .
‘ now information that a school used to [keep] for its own purposes is becoming part of the public domain .

It tenderises it and helps it retain its natural juices .
it tenderises it and helps it [keep] its natural juices .

Peter Such and Andy Caddick , new boys at Old Trafford , will also retain their places but Phil DeFreitas , Chris Lewis and Phil Tufnell could all face the axe .
peter such and andy caddick , new boys at old trafford , will also [keep] their places but phil defreitas , chris lewis and phil tufnell could all face the axe .

With our highly flexible course structure based on a semester system , and our attention to providing our students with a high quality learning environment , we are confident that we shall retain our excellent record as a good teaching university .
with our highly flexible course structure based on a semester system , and our attention to providing our students with a high quality learning environment , we are confident that we shall [keep] our excellent record as a good teaching university .

Dona managed to retain a steady and strong personality throughout , but Anna changed and deteriorated .
dona managed to [keep] a steady and strong personality throughout , but anna changed and deteriorated .

Investment trusts can issue debentures and warrants as well as equity , and can retain capital gains from investments and retain other income if they so wish , whereas unit trusts can not .
investment trusts can issue debentures and warrants as well as equity , and can [keep] capital gains from investments and [keep] other income if they so wish , whereas unit trusts can not .

It may seem that a holder of a bill can avoid making a loss should he retain the bill , rather than sell it , if interest rates should rise .
it may seem that a holder of a bill can avoid making a loss should he [keep] the bill , rather than sell it , if interest rates should rise .

In order to retain political support , management has to address the preoccupations and objectives of the government as well as pursuing an internal managerial rationale .
in order to [keep] political support , management has to address the preoccupations and objectives of the government as well as pursuing an internal managerial rationale .

To separate their individual styles they split those evenings into consecutive 1520 minute slots and they retain that format for the tour .
to separate their individual styles they split those evenings into consecutive 1520 minute slots and they [keep] that format for the tour .

Philip Newbold , secretary of Teesside Civic Trust , said : ‘ We want to retain Clairville Common as green open space , enjoyed by everyone .
philip newbold , secretary of teesside civic trust , said : ‘ we want to [keep] clairville common as green open space , enjoyed by everyone .

While the industry 's future lay in Europe he also stressed the vital need to retain the auction system .
while the industry 's future lay in europe he also stressed the vital need to [keep] the auction system .

While Mr Patten said the Government would still retain standards covering health , safety and welfare , he said the individual school ‘ should be free to deploy its resources including teaching area and land as it sees fit ’ .
while mr patten said the government would still [keep] standards covering health , safety and welfare , he said the individual school ‘ should be free to deploy its resources including teaching area and land as it sees fit ’ .

The 36th annual event was the last before the Milk Marketing Board disappears in its present form , although an announcement is expected before the end of this month on what involvement , if any , their successors , Milk Marque , will retain in Britain 's national tour .
the 36th annual event was the last before the milk marketing board disappears in its present form , although an announcement is expected before the end of this month on what involvement , if any , their successors , milk marque , will [keep] in britain 's national tour .

Together the two companies bid almost £53m to retain their 10 year broadcasting licences in last year 's franchise auction .
together the two companies bid almost £53m to [keep] their 10 year broadcasting licences in last year 's franchise auction .

‘ Approval of these plans will enable us to retain and build on our existing workforce , which is what we want to do , otherwise we would have to find a completely new site , probably out of Wales , too far away for most of our existing employees . ’
‘ approval of these plans will enable us to [keep] and build on our existing workforce , which is what we want to do , otherwise we would have to find a completely new site , probably out of wales , too far away for most of our existing employees . ’

The presence in the constituency yesterday of Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd illustrates how deeply the Tories want to retain the seat .
the presence in the constituency yesterday of foreign secretary douglas hurd illustrates how deeply the tories want to [keep] the seat .

Planned tourist features like the Tees Barrage , the Hartlepool Marina , and the Wynyard park business and leisure development were considered by Tees Valley 's board of directors along with its existing achievements , strong reasons to retain at least some of its role in the future .
planned tourist features like the tees barrage , the hartlepool marina , and the wynyard park business and leisure development were considered by tees valley 's board of directors along with its existing achievements , strong reasons to [keep] at least some of its role in the future .

And it has now won a record-breaking fourth consecutive term , the first for 150 years , despite failing to retain even the 44 per cent share of the vote on which it came to power in 1979 .
and it has now won a record-breaking fourth consecutive term , the first for 150 years , despite failing to [keep] even the 44 per cent share of the vote on which it came to power in 1979 .

If our democracy is to retain popular support and respect , it seems vital that the 60pc of voters regularly voting for change are given some opportunity to bring their ideals and values to bear on society .
if our democracy is to [keep] popular support and respect , it seems vital that the 60pc of voters regularly voting for change are given some opportunity to bring their ideals and values to bear on society .

Mr Miller led campaigns to retain some form of concessionary scheme and received abuse for his pains .
mr miller led campaigns to [keep] some form of concessionary scheme and received abuse for his pains .

Some companies also retain a belief in the long-term attractions of property investment .
some companies also [keep] a belief in the long-term attractions of property investment .

Now Milligan is hoping the speedy brindle can retain the Steel City Cup , which it won , along with a £2,000 prize , last April .
now milligan is hoping the speedy brindle can [keep] the steel city cup , which it won , along with a £2,000 prize , last april .

New Marske 's Helen Humphrey , who started the final race of the series with a six points lead , finished fourth , two places ahead of her nearest rival , Ripon 's Karen Leeming , to retain the senior women 's title .
new marske 's helen humphrey , who started the final race of the series with a six points lead , finished fourth , two places ahead of her nearest rival , ripon 's karen leeming , to [keep] the senior women 's title .

Middlesbrough Mohawks travel to second-placed Oldham today as they bid to retain their eighth place in the league .
middlesbrough mohawks travel to second-placed oldham today as they bid to [keep] their eighth place in the league .

Planned tourist features like the Tees barrage , the Hartlepool marina and the Wynyard park business and leisure development were considered by Tees Valley 's board of directors , along with its existing achievements , strong reasons to retain at least some of its role in the future .
planned tourist features like the tees barrage , the hartlepool marina and the wynyard park business and leisure development were considered by tees valley 's board of directors , along with its existing achievements , strong reasons to [keep] at least some of its role in the future .

As Mark Benson of Leeds sped past to retain his title in 1 min 50.96 secs , West took the bronze behind Warrington 's Jon Rigg in 1:51.34 .
as mark benson of leeds sped past to [keep] his title in 1 min 50.96 secs , west took the bronze behind warrington 's jon rigg in 1:51.34 .

Miss Fletcher was 0–2 , down in the first set before taking ten games in a row and going on to retain her title .
miss fletcher was 0–2 , down in the first set before taking ten games in a row and going on to [keep] her title .

Bergstrand , who won the British Championship race at Dollar two weeks ago , is obviously in peak condition and he will be trying to help Mandale retain their title in tomorrow 's Crook Cloverleaf Relays .
bergstrand , who won the british championship race at dollar two weeks ago , is obviously in peak condition and he will be trying to help mandale [keep] their title in tomorrow 's crook cloverleaf relays .

But Mr Jones signalled Mr Redwood was ready to make one compromise following protests at the decision to retain Powys .
but mr jones signalled mr redwood was ready to make one compromise following protests at the decision to [keep] powys .

So the National Trust is keen to retain the natural tranquility of the valley :
so the national trust is keen to [keep] the natural tranquility of the valley :

So far , though , proposed schemes would retain the building very much intact .
so far , though , proposed schemes would [keep] the building very much intact .

Nevertheless , the Windsor Park team are so far undefeated in domestic competition , and are on course to retain the Ulster Cup title .
nevertheless , the windsor park team are so far undefeated in domestic competition , and are on course to [keep] the ulster cup title .

Denis Biggerstaff , the 1992 champion , needed to win the event with Woodside down the finishing order to retain the championship but it was Templepatrick driver Robert in his Pilbeam who set fastest time on his first run up the hill near Ballygalley .
denis biggerstaff , the 1992 champion , needed to win the event with woodside down the finishing order to [keep] the championship but it was templepatrick driver robert in his pilbeam who set fastest time on his first run up the hill near ballygalley .

The champions have tremendous belief in their own ability , and while it 's premature to compare them with the great Kilkenny sides they look well enough equipped to retain their title .
the champions have tremendous belief in their own ability , and while it 's premature to compare them with the great kilkenny sides they look well enough equipped to [keep] their title .

Striders retain title
striders [keep] title

And presumably the advantage of using a computer for that is much greater than the mere erm saving of time in a librarian taking out a card and putting it in a wallet or a card folder or something like that , because you can retain in your computer a lot of information about what books are in the library and what books are out with lenders and so on .
and presumably the advantage of using a computer for that is much greater than the mere erm saving of time in a librarian taking out a card and putting it in a wallet or a card folder or something like that , because you can [keep] in your computer a lot of information about what books are in the library and what books are out with lenders and so on .

That information is only part of the very large store of information that we need to retain in our own local computer , which contains records about , oh it 's about a hundred and fifty thousand of our four hundred and fifty thousand different books at this moment .
that information is only part of the very large store of information that we need to [keep] in our own local computer , which contains records about , oh it 's about a hundred and fifty thousand of our four hundred and fifty thousand different books at this moment .

So is it your last attempt at er trying to retain professional football in Oxford ?
so is it your last attempt at er trying to [keep] professional football in oxford ?

And presumably the advantage of using a computer for that is much greater than the mere saving of time in a library and taking out a card and putting it in a wallet or erm a card folder or something like that , because you can retain in your computer a lot of information about what books are in the library and what books are out with lenders and so on .
and presumably the advantage of using a computer for that is much greater than the mere saving of time in a library and taking out a card and putting it in a wallet or erm a card folder or something like that , because you can [keep] in your computer a lot of information about what books are in the library and what books are out with lenders and so on .

That information is only part of the very large store of information that we need to retain in our own local computer , which contains records about erm it 's about a hundred and fifty thousand of our four hundred and fifty thousand different books at this moment .
that information is only part of the very large store of information that we need to [keep] in our own local computer , which contains records about erm it 's about a hundred and fifty thousand of our four hundred and fifty thousand different books at this moment .

That ruled out using the traditional aluminium-based tubes in favour of all-plastic laminated tubes that retain their shape regardless of how often they are squeezed .
that ruled out using the traditional aluminium-based tubes in favour of all-plastic laminated tubes that [keep] their shape regardless of how often they are squeezed .

Likewise , leasing companies were unlikely to be able to retain more than one third of the aircraft they ordered on their own balance sheets .
likewise , leasing companies were unlikely to be able to [keep] more than one third of the aircraft they ordered on their own balance sheets .

‘ The deepest parts of the lake will be eight feet , but the margins are shallow enough to retain features such as the lily pad beds . ’
‘ the deepest parts of the lake will be eight feet , but the margins are shallow enough to [keep] features such as the lily pad beds . ’

Planning authorities , it was claimed , showed an unsympathetic attitude to applications from young people for new homes or businesses despite the Government 's Local Needs Policy which aimed to retain young people in the countryside .
planning authorities , it was claimed , showed an unsympathetic attitude to applications from young people for new homes or businesses despite the government 's local needs policy which aimed to [keep] young people in the countryside .

Even so , he has scored goals and , despite being the eternal scapegoat , has managed to retain his amiable Cockney outlook on life .
even so , he has scored goals and , despite being the eternal scapegoat , has managed to [keep] his amiable cockney outlook on life .

Chris 's new appointment will allow him to retain his amateur status and prepare for the 1994 Commonwealth Games and the 1996 Olympics , the two main targets in his sights .
chris 's new appointment will allow him to [keep] his amateur status and prepare for the 1994 commonwealth games and the 1996 olympics , the two main targets in his sights .

Spencer failed to retain his card this year after his debut season on the Volvo European Tour which saw him finish in 178th position in the Order of Merit with winnings of just £7,700 .
spencer failed to [keep] his card this year after his debut season on the volvo european tour which saw him finish in 178th position in the order of merit with winnings of just £7,700 .

The second part of the package is the creation of a golf course which would retain the open parkland in front of the castle .
the second part of the package is the creation of a golf course which would [keep] the open parkland in front of the castle .

He stressed that the most important aim was to retain the National Portrait Gallery exhibition within the castle .
he stressed that the most important aim was to [keep] the national portrait gallery exhibition within the castle .

When votes are counted under the proportional representation system , it is probable Fianna Fail will have to seek an alliance with another party to retain office .
when votes are counted under the proportional representation system , it is probable fianna fail will have to seek an alliance with another party to [keep] office .

The agreement calls for Elton and Taupin to retain ownership of the catalogue .
the agreement calls for elton and taupin to [keep] ownership of the catalogue .

The judge stressed that the girl would retain close contact with her 64-year-old father , who was in poor health .
the judge stressed that the girl would [keep] close contact with her 64-year-old father , who was in poor health .

Parrott , the world number two , is hoping to retain the title he won last year .
parrott , the world number two , is hoping to [keep] the title he won last year .

Well surely you retain some of it ?
well surely you [keep] some of it ?

Last year about two-thirds of the newcomers finished outside the tip 120 in the Volvo Order of Merit , therefore failing to retain their playing rights .
last year about two-thirds of the newcomers finished outside the tip 120 in the volvo order of merit , therefore failing to [keep] their playing rights .

He has secured enough prize-money to retain his Card by improving his course strategy .
he has secured enough prize-money to [keep] his card by improving his course strategy .

From those few chances he has , like Payne , earned enough prize money — around £40,000 — to retain his Card for next year .
from those few chances he has , like payne , earned enough prize money — around £40,000 — to [keep] his card for next year .

Also labels the components on your drawing as per your circuit diagram and retain for future reference .
also labels the components on your drawing as per your circuit diagram and [keep] for future reference .

Both Mercury and Mars have gravitational fields too low to retain an atmosphere .
both mercury and mars have gravitational fields too low to [keep] an atmosphere .

This means that any water vapour would turn to ice , because its low gravity would only retain a tenuous atmosphere with very little carbon dioxide to help trap the much-reduced solar warmth .
this means that any water vapour would turn to ice , because its low gravity would only [keep] a tenuous atmosphere with very little carbon dioxide to help trap the much-reduced solar warmth .

From a practical point of view , however , since man never attains the ideal of perfect love , he will retain possession of his body while striving continually for that perfection of love which does not shrink from making the ultimate sacrifice .
from a practical point of view , however , since man never attains the ideal of perfect love , he will [keep] possession of his body while striving continually for that perfection of love which does not shrink from making the ultimate sacrifice .

Most players have a battered specimen lying around in a cupboard somewhere ; a few sensible types even use one as their main instrument , and as a result will probably retain their hearing well into the next century .
most players have a battered specimen lying around in a cupboard somewhere ; a few sensible types even use one as their main instrument , and as a result will probably [keep] their hearing well into the next century .

In fact , it was the sort of autonomy that Dustin had already won on his last two pictures , and would retain , much to many directors ' displeasure , in most of his future ventures .
in fact , it was the sort of autonomy that dustin had already won on his last two pictures , and would [keep] , much to many directors ' displeasure , in most of his future ventures .

With most designs of planting baskets , a hessian or foam liner is required to retain the compost when it is eventually placed in the pond .
with most designs of planting baskets , a hessian or foam liner is required to [keep] the compost when it is eventually placed in the pond .

By all means retain the foam , but also install a perforated grid in the base of the bank , over which you should place Litag or Spar .
by all means [keep] the foam , but also install a perforated grid in the base of the bank , over which you should place litag or spar .

When all of the mixture had been applied , a cap was put on Jo 's head — this helps to retain the heat and promote colour strength .
when all of the mixture had been applied , a cap was put on jo 's head — this helps to [keep] the heat and promote colour strength .

Position small balls of foil under the loops to help them retain their shape until the icing dries .
position small balls of foil under the loops to help them [keep] their shape until the icing dries .

Wine needs to be stored in the right environment to retain its top condition .
wine needs to be stored in the right environment to [keep] its top condition .

Other cabinet designs keep the closed back to retain the bass but introduce a multi-angled baffle to reduce the ‘ beaming ’ effect and increase high frequency dispersion .
other cabinet designs keep the closed back to [keep] the bass but introduce a multi-angled baffle to reduce the ‘ beaming ’ effect and increase high frequency dispersion .

, etc … You see the plan , of course ; Rickenbacker 's aim here is to cunningly disguise some serious modernisation within an established design , and in doing so retain the instrument 's and the company 's character and identity .
, etc … you see the plan , of course ; rickenbacker 's aim here is to cunningly disguise some serious modernisation within an established design , and in doing so [keep] the instrument 's and the company 's character and identity .

John had decided to retain the filter system from the old pond .
john had decided to [keep] the filter system from the old pond .

He went on to say that if energy was then introduced into such a system , these shape-specific groups of water polymers could be stabilized and could join together to form long chains of water polymers which would retain the original solute imprint and shape specificity .
he went on to say that if energy was then introduced into such a system , these shape-specific groups of water polymers could be stabilized and could join together to form long chains of water polymers which would [keep] the original solute imprint and shape specificity .

The backs are still young and should mostly be available in 1995 if they can retain their interest .
the backs are still young and should mostly be available in 1995 if they can [keep] their interest .

Bath are still favourites to retain the Courage Division One title , but below them , it 's a case of the old order well and truly changing .
bath are still favourites to [keep] the courage division one title , but below them , it 's a case of the old order well and truly changing .

And , curiously , it took a rugby league man , Graham Lowe , the New Zealander who has been an outstanding coach at home , in England and now in Sydney , to really pin-point the reason why the All Blacks did not retain the Webb Ellis Cup .
and , curiously , it took a rugby league man , graham lowe , the new zealander who has been an outstanding coach at home , in england and now in sydney , to really pin-point the reason why the all blacks did not [keep] the webb ellis cup .

‘ What we have done over the past two years is to improve on our ability to retain the ball in contact , to drive very successfully as units ( as the All Blacks found to their cost in Lille ) and to deep those drives going .
‘ what we have done over the past two years is to improve on our ability to [keep] the ball in contact , to drive very successfully as units ( as the all blacks found to their cost in lille ) and to deep those drives going .

The majority of executives found guilty of corporate crime not only retain their jobs or have others found for them , but also find that funds to cover their fines are somehow made available .
the majority of executives found guilty of corporate crime not only [keep] their jobs or have others found for them , but also find that funds to cover their fines are somehow made available .

Yet , in heavy rock terms , they still retain an erudite edge and play with an urgency onstage that outstrips the uncharacteristically sluggish Babes In Toyland , when they played on the other side of town , two nights earlier .
yet , in heavy rock terms , they still [keep] an erudite edge and play with an urgency onstage that outstrips the uncharacteristically sluggish babes in toyland , when they played on the other side of town , two nights earlier .

The system operated by the park authorities to limit numbers into the Canyon can be tiresome and bureaucratic , although it helps to retain the essential peace , solitude and ecology of the area .
the system operated by the park authorities to limit numbers into the canyon can be tiresome and bureaucratic , although it helps to [keep] the essential peace , solitude and ecology of the area .

But instead of despairing , Rocastle believes his omission is a sign of Leeds ' ability to retain the championship .
but instead of despairing , rocastle believes his omission is a sign of leeds ' ability to [keep] the championship .

Both sides have agreed in principle that if a divorce is pursued , the couple will retain joint custody with Fergie given day-to-day ‘ care and control ’ and Andrew unlimited access .
both sides have agreed in principle that if a divorce is pursued , the couple will [keep] joint custody with fergie given day-to-day ‘ care and control ’ and andrew unlimited access .

The new location could be only a few miles from the present site — especially if one of the company 's priorities is to retain existing staff .
the new location could be only a few miles from the present site — especially if one of the company 's priorities is to [keep] existing staff .

‘ To retain as many as possible of the existing work-force during and following the move . ’
‘ to [keep] as many as possible of the existing work-force during and following the move . ’

The company managed to retain 50 per cent of the key managers and technical specialists .
the company managed to [keep] 50 per cent of the key managers and technical specialists .

Yes , if it 's a perfect stone — which this is — they retain their value .
yes , if it 's a perfect stone — which this is — they [keep] their value .

Although , today , justices of the peace are thought of primarily as being judicial bodies , they nevertheless retain certain administrative functions ( the best known of which is the issuing of liquor licences ) which , however , are a pale shadow of their former role .
although , today , justices of the peace are thought of primarily as being judicial bodies , they nevertheless [keep] certain administrative functions ( the best known of which is the issuing of liquor licences ) which , however , are a pale shadow of their former role .

Peers are nowadays almost entirely appointed on the advice of the Prime Minister although the monarch does retain the right to confer personally and occasionally exercises it in the case of eminently deserving elder statesmen and suchlike .
peers are nowadays almost entirely appointed on the advice of the prime minister although the monarch does [keep] the right to confer personally and occasionally exercises it in the case of eminently deserving elder statesmen and suchlike .

It does not go so far to ensure proportionality as other variants , but would involve the least departure from the existing system , would retain single-member constituencies which many regard as being a valuable feature of the present system , and would be much the simplest to understand in operation .
it does not go so far to ensure proportionality as other variants , but would involve the least departure from the existing system , would [keep] single-member constituencies which many regard as being a valuable feature of the present system , and would be much the simplest to understand in operation .

Whether other persons resident abroad , perhaps on government service , should retain the right to vote is currently a matter of controversy .
whether other persons resident abroad , perhaps on government service , should [keep] the right to vote is currently a matter of controversy .

Where , as is usually the case , an instrument is laid subject to negative resolution , the position is that it will obtain or , more commonly , retain the force of law unless , within the stipulated time , the House rejects it .
where , as is usually the case , an instrument is laid subject to negative resolution , the position is that it will obtain or , more commonly , [keep] the force of law unless , within the stipulated time , the house rejects it .

It does so directly in connection with the fundamental constitutional requirement that , if it is to retain office , the Executive must retain the confidence of the House .
it does so directly in connection with the fundamental constitutional requirement that , if it is to [keep] office , the executive must [keep] the confidence of the house .

The modern social worker 's role is an enabling one , helping elderly people to make the best use of their own inner resources as well as the many social services available , and to retain some independence for as long as possible .
the modern social worker 's role is an enabling one , helping elderly people to make the best use of their own inner resources as well as the many social services available , and to [keep] some independence for as long as possible .

But money matters because it enables the elderly to continue to retain the power of choice in many areas of their lives , to defend themselves to some extent against the ‘ slings and arrows of outrageous fortune ’ and to enjoy a well earned retirement with dignity .
but money matters because it enables the elderly to continue to [keep] the power of choice in many areas of their lives , to defend themselves to some extent against the ‘ slings and arrows of outrageous fortune ’ and to enjoy a well earned retirement with dignity .

The distinctive mark of these church planting activities is that the churches planted are more a federation of congregations than churches in their own right , arid they retain strong links with the overall structure of Ichthus .
the distinctive mark of these church planting activities is that the churches planted are more a federation of congregations than churches in their own right , arid they [keep] strong links with the overall structure of ichthus .

retain close ties with home base : keep in contact ;
[keep] close ties with home base : keep in contact ;

’ Seriously , one can understand the Archbishop 's concern to retain the best of the tradition : a liturgy involving elements of worship ; confession ; intercession ; Bible reading ; biblical preaching and blessing .
’ seriously , one can understand the archbishop 's concern to [keep] the best of the tradition : a liturgy involving elements of worship ; confession ; intercession ; bible reading ; biblical preaching and blessing .

The housegroup should always retain this outward focus .
the housegroup should always [keep] this outward focus .

She also wanted to retain her own surname , separate bank accounts and tax returns .
she also wanted to [keep] her own surname , separate bank accounts and tax returns .

Everything about the construction and maintenance of such routes should be pro-cycle , so that they retain smooth surfaces , good lighting , shelter from wind , attractive landscaping and protection from vehicles ( Figure 9.2 ) .
everything about the construction and maintenance of such routes should be pro-cycle , so that they [keep] smooth surfaces , good lighting , shelter from wind , attractive landscaping and protection from vehicles ( figure 9.2 ) .

However , you secretly retain it and , when your hand goes up to your neck , you hide the coin in your collar .
however , you secretly [keep] it and , when your hand goes up to your neck , you hide the coin in your collar .

Now , the ball seems to retain its shine and the fast bowlers can use it for lengthier periods .
now , the ball seems to [keep] its shine and the fast bowlers can use it for lengthier periods .

Notwithstanding such frustrations , the members of the secretariat who work in the Accident Investigation and prevention Section retain an amazingly high enthusiasm and enjoy the wholehearted support of many States .
notwithstanding such frustrations , the members of the secretariat who work in the accident investigation and prevention section [keep] an amazingly high enthusiasm and enjoy the wholehearted support of many states .

Little wonder more organisations who want to retain and develop key staff are moving to the Open Business School .
little wonder more organisations who want to [keep] and develop key staff are moving to the open business school .

Retain all the original packaging .
[keep] all the original packaging .

The conduct of the ministers was provocative , but Taylor 's treatment of them was more severe than that of his Archbishop , John Bramhall , who when faced with the same situation devised a form of letters , acceptable to the Presbyterians , by which he supplied them with the qualifications which they lacked , so that they were able to retain their livings .
the conduct of the ministers was provocative , but taylor 's treatment of them was more severe than that of his archbishop , john bramhall , who when faced with the same situation devised a form of letters , acceptable to the presbyterians , by which he supplied them with the qualifications which they lacked , so that they were able to [keep] their livings .

The only difference between them and the psychotically ill seems to be the greater intellectual control they retain in managing the freely associated ideas which an equally weak filtering system allows into consciousness .
the only difference between them and the psychotically ill seems to be the greater intellectual control they [keep] in managing the freely associated ideas which an equally weak filtering system allows into consciousness .

The under-21s are more even highly-fancied to retain the national title , which they won last year for the first time by beating Nottinghamshire in the final .
the under-21s are more even highly-fancied to [keep] the national title , which they won last year for the first time by beating nottinghamshire in the final .

Houses and villas retain their splendid Regency ironwork balconies and verandas .
houses and villas [keep] their splendid regency ironwork balconies and verandas .

Detectives found the room converted into a cannabis nursery with heaters , foil covered walls to retain heat and artificial lighting operating on time switches .
detectives found the room converted into a cannabis nursery with heaters , foil covered walls to [keep] heat and artificial lighting operating on time switches .

Sir , — ‘ It is proposed to retain the Ipswich airport as a two runway , grass airfield , for mainly recreational and business use by light aircraft .
sir , — ‘ it is proposed to [keep] the ipswich airport as a two runway , grass airfield , for mainly recreational and business use by light aircraft .

However , Mr Major said he will retain the system of political honours — and that provoked an angry reaction from Labour .
however , mr major said he will [keep] the system of political honours — and that provoked an angry reaction from labour .

Kenneth Baker echoed the views of most MPs in a Commons debate in 1990 : ‘ If the concept of British justice is to mean anything , we must retain the possibility of rectifying a mistaken verdict .
kenneth baker echoed the views of most mps in a commons debate in 1990 : ‘ if the concept of british justice is to mean anything , we must [keep] the possibility of rectifying a mistaken verdict .

Of course , for more leisurely days , you can make use of the thrifty slow cooking facility , which not only saves on gas , but can help to retain the goodness of the food .
of course , for more leisurely days , you can make use of the thrifty slow cooking facility , which not only saves on gas , but can help to [keep] the goodness of the food .

Either way , they will retain their good looks .
either way , they will [keep] their good looks .

No matter what your skin 's present condition , Time Zone 's newly discovered emulsion system helps reprogramme your skin to better retain moisture like young skin .
no matter what your skin 's present condition , time zone 's newly discovered emulsion system helps reprogramme your skin to better [keep] moisture like young skin .

She survived to become the only woman appointed by the Aylwin Government to one of 15 council seats which were ‘ vacated ’ by the Pinochet regime , whose members retain the remaining 320 .
she survived to become the only woman appointed by the aylwin government to one of 15 council seats which were ‘ vacated ’ by the pinochet regime , whose members [keep] the remaining 320 .

However , MPs who wish to satisfy their constituency parties could vote Smith-Prescott and still retain some left-wing credibility , while ordinary party members understand better than anyone the need for an organisational shake-up .
however , mps who wish to satisfy their constituency parties could vote smith-prescott and still [keep] some left-wing credibility , while ordinary party members understand better than anyone the need for an organisational shake-up .

Most flyers prefer to retain some gyro effect but this will normally be a lower value than in the purely hovering mode .
most flyers prefer to [keep] some gyro effect but this will normally be a lower value than in the purely hovering mode .

Fortunately , Tumbleweed are redeemed by the remaining songs : ‘ Carousel ’ which all but abandons their rockist bluster in favour of a gentler , almost poppy sound ; ‘ Stoned ’ , a brilliantly dumb dope-tribute , and ‘ Millenium ’ , which is a little too heavy on masturbatory muso-isms , but manages to retain enough hyperactive charm to make it a success .
fortunately , tumbleweed are redeemed by the remaining songs : ‘ carousel ’ which all but abandons their rockist bluster in favour of a gentler , almost poppy sound ; ‘ stoned ’ , a brilliantly dumb dope-tribute , and ‘ millenium ’ , which is a little too heavy on masturbatory muso-isms , but manages to [keep] enough hyperactive charm to make it a success .

The second is that drivers like to retain at least one common link with those fans who do n't have private jets , Boss jeans , impossibly lithe blondes etc .
the second is that drivers like to [keep] at least one common link with those fans who do n't have private jets , boss jeans , impossibly lithe blondes etc .

The widget-making company may increase the amount it pays the remaining workers ; it may reduce the price of widgets ( or not increase it as fast as prices in general rise ) ; and it may be able to retain some of the saving as increased profits .
the widget-making company may increase the amount it pays the remaining workers ; it may reduce the price of widgets ( or not increase it as fast as prices in general rise ) ; and it may be able to [keep] some of the saving as increased profits .

But we shall retain our synchronised swimmers : not a single Tory woman is retiring ; indeed , the ‘ regiment ’ is to be heavily reinforced .
but we shall [keep] our synchronised swimmers : not a single tory woman is retiring ; indeed , the ‘ regiment ’ is to be heavily reinforced .

‘ Parents must retain the right to mete out physical punishment as a last resort . ’ — Stephen Green , chairman of the Conservative Family Campaign , on proposals by the Scottish Law Commission to outlaw parental violence , while permitting ‘ safe smacks ’
‘ parents must [keep] the right to mete out physical punishment as a last resort . ’ — stephen green , chairman of the conservative family campaign , on proposals by the scottish law commission to outlaw parental violence , while permitting ‘ safe smacks ’

It was a cosy arrangement that allowed Scotland to retain its separate identity within the United Kingdom — a kind of home rule by quango .
it was a cosy arrangement that allowed scotland to [keep] its separate identity within the united kingdom — a kind of home rule by quango .

The line should be a full 60 metres regulation length , and the handle in robust plastic with extensions to retain the line when wound-in .
the line should be a full 60 metres regulation length , and the handle in robust plastic with extensions to [keep] the line when wound-in .

The carrier itself has a safety link across the suspension points ( a parachute can be used , also , to obviate disaster ) and the pulley on the main line carries a steadying vane to retain loop separation , instead of having it twist with variations of line tension — braid line of generous breaking strain is recommended .
the carrier itself has a safety link across the suspension points ( a parachute can be used , also , to obviate disaster ) and the pulley on the main line carries a steadying vane to [keep] loop separation , instead of having it twist with variations of line tension — braid line of generous breaking strain is recommended .

Two elasticated loops , made of shirring elastic or similar — but certainly not tight across the inner eyelets — are used to retain the zig-zag of folded shroud lines over the shoulder risers .
two elasticated loops , made of shirring elastic or similar — but certainly not tight across the inner eyelets — are used to [keep] the zig-zag of folded shroud lines over the shoulder risers .

Whether Shabba succeeds outside of the reggae market is dependent on whether a major can retain the energy of his ragga product .
whether shabba succeeds outside of the reggae market is dependent on whether a major can [keep] the energy of his ragga product .

Above all , always retain the initiative when in danger .
above all , always [keep] the initiative when in danger .

And to retain his own sister 's position as Scotland 's Queen , which Balliol dismisses .
and to [keep] his own sister 's position as scotland 's queen , which balliol dismisses .

The supplier of credit does not retain ownership .
the supplier of credit does not [keep] ownership .

In this case the supplier of credit does retain ownership while the monthly instalments on the Volvo truck are paid , usually until the very last instalment has been paid .
in this case the supplier of credit does [keep] ownership while the monthly instalments on the volvo truck are paid , usually until the very last instalment has been paid .

Peter McAleer of Ennex told the Sunday Tribune : ‘ When we bought Mogul of Ireland from its previous owners it was on the understanding that they would retain any responsibility for any earlier workings at Silvermines and that includes the tailings pond ’ .
peter mcaleer of ennex told the sunday tribune : ‘ when we bought mogul of ireland from its previous owners it was on the understanding that they would [keep] any responsibility for any earlier workings at silvermines and that includes the tailings pond ’ .

The Carthusians lived — and still live — a more solitary contemplative life than their other Benedictine brethren , but retain certain traditional and communal monastic observances .
the carthusians lived — and still live — a more solitary contemplative life than their other benedictine brethren , but [keep] certain traditional and communal monastic observances .

To tell these in their own right and expect them to retain the charm they got from their larger setting would be a terrible error , an error to which Tolkien would be more sensitive than any man alive .
to tell these in their own right and expect them to [keep] the charm they got from their larger setting would be a terrible error , an error to which tolkien would be more sensitive than any man alive .

It is stated that much larger numbers than are named in the Directory retain the insignia of undertakers in their shop-windows , for the sake of the profits of one or two funerals a year .
it is stated that much larger numbers than are named in the directory [keep] the insignia of undertakers in their shop-windows , for the sake of the profits of one or two funerals a year .

His mood turned , and though he could , off the track , retain much of his charm , on the track or at race meetings , very little of this was evident .
his mood turned , and though he could , off the track , [keep] much of his charm , on the track or at race meetings , very little of this was evident .

The Lake District has managed to retain an atmosphere of remoteness , peace and beauty .
the lake district has managed to [keep] an atmosphere of remoteness , peace and beauty .

They retain heat well and do not spoil rapidly .
they [keep] heat well and do not spoil rapidly .

It had to be modified in 1961 when it became clear that a minority holding did not provide a certain defence against a determined takeover , but Whitbread continued to retain minority holdings in a number of regional brewers , which enabled them to retain their independence .
it had to be modified in 1961 when it became clear that a minority holding did not provide a certain defence against a determined takeover , but whitbread continued to [keep] minority holdings in a number of regional brewers , which enabled them to [keep] their independence .

On the one hand , they may think it unfair if we dismiss Chrissie and retain Fred .
on the one hand , they may think it unfair if we dismiss chrissie and [keep] fred .

After all , he is competent and well liked , and we should try to retain him if possible .
after all , he is competent and well liked , and we should try to [keep] him if possible .

What is surprising is that even after their post-'87 conversion to the gospel of the groove , they still retain a belief in the power of the word .
what is surprising is that even after their post-'87 conversion to the gospel of the groove , they still [keep] a belief in the power of the word .

That you as seller retain ownership of the goods until you are paid for them .
that you as seller [keep] ownership of the goods until you are paid for them .

You write to the publisher of What Personal Computer , summarizing the situation not later than three months from the official on sale date of the publication ( please retain proof of payment ) .
you write to the publisher of what personal computer , summarizing the situation not later than three months from the official on sale date of the publication ( please [keep] proof of payment ) .

Control Data Corp looks unstable again — the company is restructuring into a holding company and three operating companies of which only the computer group will retain the Control Data name .
control data corp looks unstable again — the company is restructuring into a holding company and three operating companies of which only the computer group will [keep] the control data name .

The political can retain an ethical foundation : Levinas finds his example for this , unexpectedly , in Marx 's famous comment on idealist philosophers — that the point is not to describe the world but to change it :
the political can [keep] an ethical foundation : levinas finds his example for this , unexpectedly , in marx 's famous comment on idealist philosophers — that the point is not to describe the world but to change it :

That history , from one perspective , could be seen as a consistent struggle to retain Lukács ' legacy in which history , the dialectic and the totality are interdependent to the extent that each is essential to the operation of the other in the production of a Marxist science .
that history , from one perspective , could be seen as a consistent struggle to [keep] lukács ' legacy in which history , the dialectic and the totality are interdependent to the extent that each is essential to the operation of the other in the production of a marxist science .

But in contrast to conventional psychologists ' shuddering rejection of everything psychoanalytic , feminists retain an interest in and commitment to psychoanalysis as an account of the intricacies of gendered subjectivities , and their development .
but in contrast to conventional psychologists ' shuddering rejection of everything psychoanalytic , feminists [keep] an interest in and commitment to psychoanalysis as an account of the intricacies of gendered subjectivities , and their development .

Unger wants to revise psychological theory , but retain psychology 's emphasis on objectivity , since ‘ feminist scholarship can be as objective as any other scholarship with a particular theoretical bias ’ ( 1979 : ix ) .
unger wants to revise psychological theory , but [keep] psychology 's emphasis on objectivity , since ‘ feminist scholarship can be as objective as any other scholarship with a particular theoretical bias ’ ( 1979 : ix ) .

‘ Race ’ differences frequently retain biological meanings in feminist psychology , under the cover of a pseudo-anthropological respect for cultural differences , or simply in default of any other meaning being articulated .
‘ race ’ differences frequently [keep] biological meanings in feminist psychology , under the cover of a pseudo-anthropological respect for cultural differences , or simply in default of any other meaning being articulated .

It means that feminists are liable to retain sexual prohibitions , as well as flouting them .
it means that feminists are liable to [keep] sexual prohibitions , as well as flouting them .

And since the unconscious can be approached most nearly through unmeasurable , unrepeatable events in the analytic situation , psychoanalysts , even more than other psychologists , retain for themselves the power of being the only subjects able to explain subjectivity .
and since the unconscious can be approached most nearly through unmeasurable , unrepeatable events in the analytic situation , psychoanalysts , even more than other psychologists , [keep] for themselves the power of being the only subjects able to explain subjectivity .

How can you retain any kind of status in that council house ?
how can you [keep] any kind of status in that council house ?

Power is centralized within a handful of institutions — sometimes collectively referred to as ‘ the state ’ — and those with economic and political power — a ruling class — guard it jealously and use whatever mechanism is available , including the mass media , to retain their power and to ensure their continued monopolization of power .
power is centralized within a handful of institutions — sometimes collectively referred to as ‘ the state ’ — and those with economic and political power — a ruling class — guard it jealously and use whatever mechanism is available , including the mass media , to [keep] their power and to ensure their continued monopolization of power .

Despite the enormity of these changes , and the social , economic , and political transformation of the societies within which these changes have taken place , the concepts most often used to justify the existence , and role , of the press — and latterly , the media — today still retain significant elements of 19th century ( and sometimes earlier ) political thought .
despite the enormity of these changes , and the social , economic , and political transformation of the societies within which these changes have taken place , the concepts most often used to justify the existence , and role , of the press — and latterly , the media — today still [keep] significant elements of 19th century ( and sometimes earlier ) political thought .

Second , because governments and ministers still retain political objectives and motivations , they will attempt to guard jealously information within their purview and to use it in such ways as to influence and direct public opinion .
second , because governments and ministers still [keep] political objectives and motivations , they will attempt to guard jealously information within their purview and to use it in such ways as to influence and direct public opinion .

After the War , only two newspapers — the Daily Telegraph and the Daily Herald — continued to retain formal party links .
after the war , only two newspapers — the daily telegraph and the daily herald — continued to [keep] formal party links .

These proprietors retain the potential to exercise political power : indeed , they have used their ownership to chart the political direction of their newspapers , but they have stopped well short of using their newspapers to make demands of the political system in the manner of the press barons of the 1930s .
these proprietors [keep] the potential to exercise political power : indeed , they have used their ownership to chart the political direction of their newspapers , but they have stopped well short of using their newspapers to make demands of the political system in the manner of the press barons of the 1930s .

In return , the commercial television companies would sell the advertising time on Channel Four in their own regions and retain the revenue .
in return , the commercial television companies would sell the advertising time on channel four in their own regions and [keep] the revenue .

There is a certain amount you are allowed to retain before income tax becomes applicable .
there is a certain amount you are allowed to [keep] before income tax becomes applicable .

It is generally true that if organisations try to set up such functions in-house , they are unlikely to keep and retain the best people ; thus there is always a gulf between the in-house employees and their performance and what can be obtained in the way of services by using external consultants to undertake the job .
it is generally true that if organisations try to set up such functions in-house , they are unlikely to keep and [keep] the best people ; thus there is always a gulf between the in-house employees and their performance and what can be obtained in the way of services by using external consultants to undertake the job .

One feature which did unite the profession was the need to retain the market for private practitioners and not allow lawyers from neighbourhood law centres to encroach :
one feature which did unite the profession was the need to [keep] the market for private practitioners and not allow lawyers from neighbourhood law centres to encroach :

Yet he also hoped that she might retain some weapon , hidden in a hollow tooth perhaps .
yet he also hoped that she might [keep] some weapon , hidden in a hollow tooth perhaps .

Seething with tourists all year round , it still manages to retain a remarkable degree of charm .
seething with tourists all year round , it still manages to [keep] a remarkable degree of charm .

On examining the pattern of soiling it was possible to see a correlation between the times the parents had a build-up of tension about a difference of opinion and the times David began to retain his faeces .
on examining the pattern of soiling it was possible to see a correlation between the times the parents had a build-up of tension about a difference of opinion and the times david began to [keep] his faeces .

Usually evidence of about two hours of a dry nappy indicates that the child has the capacity to retain urine in the bladder .
usually evidence of about two hours of a dry nappy indicates that the child has the capacity to [keep] urine in the bladder .

Children often have distended abdomens and may suffer severe cramping pains as they try to retain their faeces .
children often have distended abdomens and may suffer severe cramping pains as they try to [keep] their faeces .

Knitters who have not practised the partial shaping may be casting off one stitch at a time as they were first taught to do or casting off in this way to retain a firm shoulder seam .
knitters who have not practised the partial shaping may be casting off one stitch at a time as they were first taught to do or casting off in this way to [keep] a firm shoulder seam .

For those who cut their climbing teeth on this most demanding of rock types , the eastern edges of the Peak District will always retain a magical aura .
for those who cut their climbing teeth on this most demanding of rock types , the eastern edges of the peak district will always [keep] a magical aura .

Boyish cuts retain their charm .
boyish cuts [keep] their charm .

Body Health has launched a new Natural Extract range , made with naturally derived washing and moisturising agents that encourage the hair to retain its own productive oils .
body health has launched a new natural extract range , made with naturally derived washing and moisturising agents that encourage the hair to [keep] its own productive oils .

Morality , religion , metaphysics , all the rest of ideology and their corresponding forms of consciousness , thus no longer retain the semblance of independence .
morality , religion , metaphysics , all the rest of ideology and their corresponding forms of consciousness , thus no longer [keep] the semblance of independence .

This does not amount to a rejection of Marx but points to an absence in his work and leaves Habermas free to retain a basically Marxist account of the forces of production and at the same time develop a theory of social relations of communicative production .
this does not amount to a rejection of marx but points to an absence in his work and leaves habermas free to [keep] a basically marxist account of the forces of production and at the same time develop a theory of social relations of communicative production .

Try to remember the things you 've learned from this poem until you do the next exercise when you will have the opportunity to transform the knowledge into something uniquely your own . In the writer 's place in your mind , retain these key words :
try to remember the things you 've learned from this poem until you do the next exercise when you will have the opportunity to transform the knowledge into something uniquely your own . in the writer 's place in your mind , [keep] these key words :

Most old people retain their intellectual capacity except for minor short-term memory lapses for which protective strategies are often developed — making lists , sticking to routine .
most old people [keep] their intellectual capacity except for minor short-term memory lapses for which protective strategies are often developed — making lists , sticking to routine .

This time would vary with the season , thus using imagination and flexibility to help such a client retain some autonomy .
this time would vary with the season , thus using imagination and flexibility to help such a client [keep] some autonomy .

’ The solution suggested often involved a positive reframing of all the good work currently being done by the family , neighbours , and home help , and the wish of the old person to retain independence .
’ the solution suggested often involved a positive reframing of all the good work currently being done by the family , neighbours , and home help , and the wish of the old person to [keep] independence .

Staff need support in the area of risk taking , to allow residents to retain some capacities for self-care and some independence .
staff need support in the area of risk taking , to allow residents to [keep] some capacities for self-care and some independence .

An old person is helped to retain a sense of individuality through maintaining close relationships .
an old person is helped to [keep] a sense of individuality through maintaining close relationships .

As a result , the individual may retain only a very small percentage of the extra income earned and , in some cases , may actually lose more than the extra income earned .
as a result , the individual may [keep] only a very small percentage of the extra income earned and , in some cases , may actually lose more than the extra income earned .

In both instances a worker , acting in his own self-interest , may choose to retain his benefits ( by refusing extra pay or a job ) , thereby perpetuating his dependency on the Welfare State .
in both instances a worker , acting in his own self-interest , may choose to [keep] his benefits ( by refusing extra pay or a job ) , thereby perpetuating his dependency on the welfare state .

Third , the plasma has to retain its energy for at least a second in order that enough reactions take place to deliver more energy than was consumed in setting the system up .
third , the plasma has to [keep] its energy for at least a second in order that enough reactions take place to deliver more energy than was consumed in setting the system up .

Bullough offered Fleischmann their facilities as Fleischmann and Pons would be able to develop their work much faster and still retain control and priority over it .
bullough offered fleischmann their facilities as fleischmann and pons would be able to develop their work much faster and still [keep] control and priority over it .

We must retain our dignity .
we must [keep] our dignity .

And he hopes to retain his place in tomorrow 's Premier League meeting with Middlesbrough ahead of Bruce Grobbelaar and David James .
and he hopes to [keep] his place in tomorrow 's premier league meeting with middlesbrough ahead of bruce grobbelaar and david james .

Taylor is likely to retain the side that drew 1–1 with Norway .
taylor is likely to [keep] the side that drew 1–1 with norway .

They are challenging the legality of the appointment of a receiver and are still hoping to retain control .
they are challenging the legality of the appointment of a receiver and are still hoping to [keep] control .

It is a considerable headache for Taylor , whose plan to retain the midfield that performed so effectively against Norway last month is in danger of being destroyed .
it is a considerable headache for taylor , whose plan to [keep] the midfield that performed so effectively against norway last month is in danger of being destroyed .

The 36-year-old from Bognor failed to retain his tour status by just Pounds 269 and returned to the European Tour Qualifying School for the fifth time .
the 36-year-old from bognor failed to [keep] his tour status by just pounds 269 and returned to the european tour qualifying school for the fifth time .

Manager Terry Yorath wo n't publicly name his side just yet , but he will retain the same 11 which won in Cyprus last month .
manager terry yorath wo n't publicly name his side just yet , but he will [keep] the same 11 which won in cyprus last month .

Despite the pressure of tomorrow 's Sun local derby against Roma , Gazza has managed to retain his outrageous sense of humour .
despite the pressure of tomorrow 's sun local derby against roma , gazza has managed to [keep] his outrageous sense of humour .

Jamie Redknapp , named Young Eagle of the Month yesterday , and Don Hutchison retain their midfield places with injury-plagued £2.3 million midfielder Paul Stewart among the substitutes .
jamie redknapp , named young eagle of the month yesterday , and don hutchison [keep] their midfield places with injury-plagued £2.3 million midfielder paul stewart among the substitutes .

Rights of sanctuary once available to miscreants who reached a church altar no longer have any foundation in law but the colleges of Oxford retain a similar privilege .
rights of sanctuary once available to miscreants who reached a church altar no longer have any foundation in law but the colleges of oxford [keep] a similar privilege .

Sucking mints increases saliva flow and reduces areas that retain stagnant saliva .
sucking mints increases saliva flow and reduces areas that [keep] stagnant saliva .

Motor manufacturers have responded to the declining fast car market by producing toned-down versions which retain much of the performance while squeezing into a lower insurance bracket .
motor manufacturers have responded to the declining fast car market by producing toned-down versions which [keep] much of the performance while squeezing into a lower insurance bracket .

In periods of slump , for example , they may be drawn out of the labour market more quickly than other groups ( particularly unskilled and semi-skilled older workers ) ; in periods of labour shortage , the justification for retiring and becoming a ‘ non-producing consumer ’ may be questioned as part of a campaign to call back or retain people in the labour force .
in periods of slump , for example , they may be drawn out of the labour market more quickly than other groups ( particularly unskilled and semi-skilled older workers ) ; in periods of labour shortage , the justification for retiring and becoming a ‘ non-producing consumer ’ may be questioned as part of a campaign to call back or [keep] people in the labour force .

Many older people retain a strong sense of the social stigma attached to heavy drinking and may consequently be unable or unwilling easily to volunteer the information .
many older people [keep] a strong sense of the social stigma attached to heavy drinking and may consequently be unable or unwilling easily to volunteer the information .

Pressed flowers are at their best when kept inside books , and retain their colour for many years .
pressed flowers are at their best when kept inside books , and [keep] their colour for many years .

This gives sufficient protection for its ephemeral purpose but , after prolonged wetting , such materials are hopelessly weak , whereas natural celluloses retain a good part of their strength .
this gives sufficient protection for its ephemeral purpose but , after prolonged wetting , such materials are hopelessly weak , whereas natural celluloses [keep] a good part of their strength .

‘ They want to retain the character of the building , ’ says Nick Wood .
‘ they want to [keep] the character of the building , ’ says nick wood .

This would retain a selection of clinical services , including specialist cancer and neurological centres , and the new theatre suite which has an intensive-care style recovery room .
this would [keep] a selection of clinical services , including specialist cancer and neurological centres , and the new theatre suite which has an intensive-care style recovery room .

Meanwhile , Mike Hooper is to retain his status as Liverpool 's current No 1 goalkeeper and it appears Bruce Grobbelaar will be allowed to leave .
meanwhile , mike hooper is to [keep] his status as liverpool 's current no 1 goalkeeper and it appears bruce grobbelaar will be allowed to leave .

Ferguson could of course retain McClair and leave out Ryan Giggs or Lee Sharpe .
ferguson could of course [keep] mcclair and leave out ryan giggs or lee sharpe .

The Court heard that one of the directors had acted while an undischarged bankrupt , aided and abetted by the others , and that they had caused the company to trade without reasonable prospect of payment of creditors ' claims , to retain Crown monies to finance insolvent trading and to abuse banking procedures .
the court heard that one of the directors had acted while an undischarged bankrupt , aided and abetted by the others , and that they had caused the company to trade without reasonable prospect of payment of creditors ' claims , to [keep] crown monies to finance insolvent trading and to abuse banking procedures .

Tests have proven that a room where there is a reasonable amount of humidity will retain human impulses for up to four days in such vapour banks .
tests have proven that a room where there is a reasonable amount of humidity will [keep] human impulses for up to four days in such vapour banks .

To Radionics practitioners , their results , in respect to healing over any distance by the conscious transmission of healing energies , have established indisputable proof of the cell 's ability to register and retain information from the environment .
to radionics practitioners , their results , in respect to healing over any distance by the conscious transmission of healing energies , have established indisputable proof of the cell 's ability to register and [keep] information from the environment .

When they do surface from the unconscious they also retain some of their archaic characteristics .
when they do surface from the unconscious they also [keep] some of their archaic characteristics .

Moreover , because tea required a more stable labour supply than coffee the plantation Tamils became more settled , though many continued to retain some ties with India .
moreover , because tea required a more stable labour supply than coffee the plantation tamils became more settled , though many continued to [keep] some ties with india .

It may seem that if we succeed in adapting our values to such disturbances instead of losing them altogether , it is because we still retain some vestige of a Christian and liberal moral tradition a memory of ‘ Do unto others … ’ at the roots of social habit , which saves us from the collapse into competing egoisms into which deepening conflicts are perpetually driving us .
it may seem that if we succeed in adapting our values to such disturbances instead of losing them altogether , it is because we still [keep] some vestige of a christian and liberal moral tradition a memory of ‘ do unto others … ’ at the roots of social habit , which saves us from the collapse into competing egoisms into which deepening conflicts are perpetually driving us .

They also restructure , tightly manage and retain some of the acquired businesses , but that is a secondary source .
they also restructure , tightly manage and [keep] some of the acquired businesses , but that is a secondary source .

Passing such a stringent test is not easy ; each audit staff member would need to retain evidence of amounts spent on lunch each day .
passing such a stringent test is not easy ; each audit staff member would need to [keep] evidence of amounts spent on lunch each day .

It would not , therefore , retain the tax credit attached to the original income .
it would not , therefore , [keep] the tax credit attached to the original income .

The children of the prince and princess retain their position in the line of succession , and there is no reason why the Princess of Wales should not be crowned Queen in due course .
the children of the prince and princess [keep] their position in the line of succession , and there is no reason why the princess of wales should not be crowned queen in due course .

The former World No 1 — who astonishingly announced his retirement from the game during last season 's home international series in Scotland , but has since reversed that decision — is now bang on course to retain his singles title .
the former world no 1 — who astonishingly announced his retirement from the game during last season 's home international series in scotland , but has since reversed that decision — is now bang on course to [keep] his singles title .

Old Trafford boss Alex Ferguson talked him out of an immediate announcement , but Graham Taylor 's decision not to retain Robson for next week 's decisive game in Poland made any further delay pointless .
old trafford boss alex ferguson talked him out of an immediate announcement , but graham taylor 's decision not to [keep] robson for next week 's decisive game in poland made any further delay pointless .

The Big Six retain their domination of appointments .
the big six [keep] their domination of appointments .

This creates an offence of assisting a drug trafficker to retain the benefits of his or her proceeds .
this creates an offence of assisting a drug trafficker to [keep] the benefits of his or her proceeds .

The leading companies of the 1990s will be those that are quicker to respond and that innovate to retain competitive advantage .
the leading companies of the 1990s will be those that are quicker to respond and that innovate to [keep] competitive advantage .

It follows that both domestic producers and importers will be prepared to take a reduction in their profit margins in order to retain their market share .
it follows that both domestic producers and importers will be prepared to take a reduction in their profit margins in order to [keep] their market share .

Equally unavoidable is the conviction that it is not in the public interest for any profession to become the subject of so much unwarranted regulation and criticism ( not to mention claims ) that it is unable to retain or recruit individuals of the required calibre .
equally unavoidable is the conviction that it is not in the public interest for any profession to become the subject of so much unwarranted regulation and criticism ( not to mention claims ) that it is unable to [keep] or recruit individuals of the required calibre .

As the judge said , no doubt the Ledingham-Smiths were influenced by a desire to retain the accountants ' services , but this did not make the payments a preference in the absence of evidence that they would , not may , benefit the creditor .
as the judge said , no doubt the ledingham-smiths were influenced by a desire to [keep] the accountants ' services , but this did not make the payments a preference in the absence of evidence that they would , not may , benefit the creditor .

The guidance also states that , in many cases , the information a solicitor must retain may be satisfied by bank statements and pass books if these are sufficient to explain movements on the accounts .
the guidance also states that , in many cases , the information a solicitor must [keep] may be satisfied by bank statements and pass books if these are sufficient to explain movements on the accounts .

It was the view of Engels ( 1884 ) that these inheritance arrangements provided the foundation of the development of capitalism in Britain in the nineteenth century , since they had made it possible to retain property and wealth — and with them all other forms of social privilege and power — within the hands of a small number of families from one generation to the next .
it was the view of engels ( 1884 ) that these inheritance arrangements provided the foundation of the development of capitalism in britain in the nineteenth century , since they had made it possible to [keep] property and wealth — and with them all other forms of social privilege and power — within the hands of a small number of families from one generation to the next .

Data from this study also show that some people do retain relationships which they use for confiding and support , especially with their mothers , and this is regarded as appropriate , especially for women to get support with concerns that essentially are ‘ women 's business , .
data from this study also show that some people do [keep] relationships which they use for confiding and support , especially with their mothers , and this is regarded as appropriate , especially for women to get support with concerns that essentially are ‘ women 's business , .

Parents , especially mothers , always retain a special bond with the children they have borne ; children owe a permanent debt of gratitude to the parents who have reared them .
parents , especially mothers , always [keep] a special bond with the children they have borne ; children owe a permanent debt of gratitude to the parents who have reared them .

For example , migrants from Pakistan — both women and men — appear to retain a strong sense of obligation to give support to all relatives within their biraderi ( sometimes spelled biradari ) which contains a wide range of kin and can represent a network of mutual aid extending across continents ( Anwar , 1985 ) .
for example , migrants from pakistan — both women and men — appear to [keep] a strong sense of obligation to give support to all relatives within their biraderi ( sometimes spelled biradari ) which contains a wide range of kin and can represent a network of mutual aid extending across continents ( anwar , 1985 ) .

One can certainly see why it makes sense to retain these structures of support in a situation of relatively recent migration into a society which can be extremely hostile .
one can certainly see why it makes sense to [keep] these structures of support in a situation of relatively recent migration into a society which can be extremely hostile .

It is only on the more remote cliffs and islands that they have escaped the degradation of interbreeding with man-manipulated colour forms , and retain the true original plumage .
it is only on the more remote cliffs and islands that they have escaped the degradation of interbreeding with man-manipulated colour forms , and [keep] the true original plumage .

At one time sharing the old Norn language , even there we had been forced to diverge , because while Shetland became absorbed into Scotland and obliged to take on the Scots/English language , the Faroese managed to retain and develop their own language , using that of their ‘ parent ’ country Denmark as the second tongue .
at one time sharing the old norn language , even there we had been forced to diverge , because while shetland became absorbed into scotland and obliged to take on the scots/english language , the faroese managed to [keep] and develop their own language , using that of their ‘ parent ’ country denmark as the second tongue .

According to the Svalbard treaty , the signatories retain the right to exploit any minerals .
according to the svalbard treaty , the signatories [keep] the right to exploit any minerals .

Adult Schwann cells normally are quiescent , but retain the capacity for cell division and can dedifferentiate to a highly proliferative state after nerve injury .
adult schwann cells normally are quiescent , but [keep] the capacity for cell division and can dedifferentiate to a highly proliferative state after nerve injury .

The Dryopithecini retain the primitively thin enamel of early hominoids , and in some aspects of the skull and dentition it is little advanced over proconsulids .
the dryopithecini [keep] the primitively thin enamel of early hominoids , and in some aspects of the skull and dentition it is little advanced over proconsulids .

Two new humeri from Pakistan are said to retain ancestral characters similar to those seen in Proconsul and Kenyapithecus , with the proximal shaft curving laterally and anteriorly ( that is , convex laterally as in Old World monkeys ) , and a flat deltoid plane , whereas the distal articular surface has several derived great ape features .
two new humeri from pakistan are said to [keep] ancestral characters similar to those seen in proconsul and kenyapithecus , with the proximal shaft curving laterally and anteriorly ( that is , convex laterally as in old world monkeys ) , and a flat deltoid plane , whereas the distal articular surface has several derived great ape features .

The postcrania ( from Maboko ) retain primitive hominoid characters similar to the morphology seen in Proconsul .
the postcrania ( from maboko ) [keep] primitive hominoid characters similar to the morphology seen in proconsul .

Critical viscosity separating thermal boundary layers that retain crystals from those from which the crystals can escape is shown as a function of temperature difference driving convection .
critical viscosity separating thermal boundary layers that [keep] crystals from those from which the crystals can escape is shown as a function of temperature difference driving convection .

Many differentiated cells retain the ability to return to the cell cycle when confronted with the appropriate mitogenic stimulus .
many differentiated cells [keep] the ability to return to the cell cycle when confronted with the appropriate mitogenic stimulus .

An answer comes from X-ray observations by the Ginga satellite of iron atoms in the bulge that are so highly ionized that they retain only two electrons .
an answer comes from x-ray observations by the ginga satellite of iron atoms in the bulge that are so highly ionized that they [keep] only two electrons .

Local councillors will retain a casting vote on police budgets , and London is , for the first time , to get a police authority , half of whose members are elected councillors .
local councillors will [keep] a casting vote on police budgets , and london is , for the first time , to get a police authority , half of whose members are elected councillors .

Clustered together , branches of the same bank help each other to generate and retain more business than they would do independently .
clustered together , branches of the same bank help each other to generate and [keep] more business than they would do independently .

It will retain its strength more in some places than in others .
it will [keep] its strength more in some places than in others .

There was no doubt these eleventh-hour changes were made at the wish of Pope Paul , acting to retain the support of the minority .
there was no doubt these eleventh-hour changes were made at the wish of pope paul , acting to [keep] the support of the minority .

Even in countries like England where there was initially a relatively strong movement to retain Latin , it is clear twenty-five years later that interest in any return to its regular use is minimal .
even in countries like england where there was initially a relatively strong movement to [keep] latin , it is clear twenty-five years later that interest in any return to its regular use is minimal .

To say that crime is functional and necessary for society 's health is to say that we must always ensure that we retain a stock of people whom we humiliate , imprison or ( perhaps worst of all ) regard as suitable cases for treatment .
to say that crime is functional and necessary for society 's health is to say that we must always ensure that we [keep] a stock of people whom we humiliate , imprison or ( perhaps worst of all ) regard as suitable cases for treatment .

Later , the presence , or even the existence , of the people we care about may not be necessary for their influence to apply , for we may retain the desire to be the kind of person who would have won their affection and approval .
later , the presence , or even the existence , of the people we care about may not be necessary for their influence to apply , for we may [keep] the desire to be the kind of person who would have won their affection and approval .

‘ It is against the spirit of the reforms to retain the provider in-house .
‘ it is against the spirit of the reforms to [keep] the provider in-house .

They want to retain their place of refuge should war break out again .
they want to [keep] their place of refuge should war break out again .

Stockbrokerage commissions are still fixed , at 0.5 % ; but foreign brokers retain only 0.35 % , as they have to split the fee with local brokers who are members of the Korea Stock Exchange .
stockbrokerage commissions are still fixed , at 0.5 % ; but foreign brokers [keep] only 0.35 % , as they have to split the fee with local brokers who are members of the korea stock exchange .

Even so , a rise in the proportion of appliance sales on hire purchase from only a tenth on nationalisation to nearly a half ten years later enabled them to retain their share in the growing retail market for electrical goods at about the 25 per cent level which they inherited on nationalisation .
even so , a rise in the proportion of appliance sales on hire purchase from only a tenth on nationalisation to nearly a half ten years later enabled them to [keep] their share in the growing retail market for electrical goods at about the 25 per cent level which they inherited on nationalisation .

However , they felt it important that consumers should retain the freedom of choice so that those who found the extra cost of electrical ‘ refined heat ’ worthwhile because of its cleanliness and convenience were free to pay for it .
however , they felt it important that consumers should [keep] the freedom of choice so that those who found the extra cost of electrical ‘ refined heat ’ worthwhile because of its cleanliness and convenience were free to pay for it .

While Self knew that the pressures were great , and respected the engineers ' need to retain control of technical aspects of contracts and tender assessments , he also knew that the engineers were deliberately fending him off and impeding the agreement on procedures which he felt was essential for Central Authority financial control .
while self knew that the pressures were great , and respected the engineers ' need to [keep] control of technical aspects of contracts and tender assessments , he also knew that the engineers were deliberately fending him off and impeding the agreement on procedures which he felt was essential for central authority financial control .

Instead , the government will retain ‘ golden shares ’ in companies it wants to keep in French hands , allowing it to block hostile bidders or the sale of ‘ strategic ’ assets .
instead , the government will [keep] ‘ golden shares ’ in companies it wants to keep in french hands , allowing it to block hostile bidders or the sale of ‘ strategic ’ assets .

Politicians who hoped to secure the representation of a burgh district were unlikely to succeed , or , if by some aberration a victory could be obtained , to retain the seat , without satisfying the demands of the burgh oligarchies , whose ambitions were rarely modest .
politicians who hoped to secure the representation of a burgh district were unlikely to succeed , or , if by some aberration a victory could be obtained , to [keep] the seat , without satisfying the demands of the burgh oligarchies , whose ambitions were rarely modest .

Some freeholders were just as keen as was the average burgh councillor to retain close ties with the government ministers .
some freeholders were just as keen as was the average burgh councillor to [keep] close ties with the government ministers .

Whether the men had truly neglected their duties is unknown , though in view of the social norms of the period the drinking must have been heavy indeed to have been called ‘ excessive ’ , but employment in government service , even when obtained , was never easy to retain , and the chance of doing so was greatly enhanced by a wise choice of political friends .
whether the men had truly neglected their duties is unknown , though in view of the social norms of the period the drinking must have been heavy indeed to have been called ‘ excessive ’ , but employment in government service , even when obtained , was never easy to [keep] , and the chance of doing so was greatly enhanced by a wise choice of political friends .

Main 's removal at the instigation of Cunningham 's enemies , and the appointment shortly thereafter of Cunnan to act in his place , had , as Provost Cunningham remarked , made ‘ a very great noise ’ , and by providing this evidence of their influence , the Haldane party could argue plausibly that all of the partisans of the Cunningham faction then in office would not retain their places for much longer .
main 's removal at the instigation of cunningham 's enemies , and the appointment shortly thereafter of cunnan to act in his place , had , as provost cunningham remarked , made ‘ a very great noise ’ , and by providing this evidence of their influence , the haldane party could argue plausibly that all of the partisans of the cunningham faction then in office would not [keep] their places for much longer .

Local post masters were invariably associated with the political life of their communities and were unlikely to retain their posts without strong political interest .
local post masters were invariably associated with the political life of their communities and were unlikely to [keep] their posts without strong political interest .

Most reluctantly , for he had no wish to offend Andrew Gardner , a good friend , whose wife was William Weir 's aunt , the Duke of Montrose agreed to James Graham 's proposal for Weir 's removal , but this was done only in order to retain the services of a good man in the office of bailie-substitute , for whom no alternative was in sight .
most reluctantly , for he had no wish to offend andrew gardner , a good friend , whose wife was william weir 's aunt , the duke of montrose agreed to james graham 's proposal for weir 's removal , but this was done only in order to [keep] the services of a good man in the office of bailie-substitute , for whom no alternative was in sight .

The link with parliamentary politics was effective in both directions , however , and a collector who openly opposed the political interest of the politician in control of the parliamentary seat was unlikely to retain his own position beyond the next meeting of the commission of supply , unless of course the political interest in power was about to be destroyed .
the link with parliamentary politics was effective in both directions , however , and a collector who openly opposed the political interest of the politician in control of the parliamentary seat was unlikely to [keep] his own position beyond the next meeting of the commission of supply , unless of course the political interest in power was about to be destroyed .

Similarly , approaches which seem to imply a pre-knowledge of the aims and goals of other people 's lives , and lack the willingness to retain an open mind , to live with uncertainties , possibilities and transitions — these too must be seen as professional approaches with little to recommend them .
similarly , approaches which seem to imply a pre-knowledge of the aims and goals of other people 's lives , and lack the willingness to [keep] an open mind , to live with uncertainties , possibilities and transitions — these too must be seen as professional approaches with little to recommend them .

In the midst of this sales hype , what rights does the individual retain to be as he/she wishes to be ? Must the individual bend to comply with ( usually ) middle-class value systems in order to achieve some kind of acceptance ? Normalisation in this sense begins to sound like superimposing a currently fashionable veneer without any attention to the detail of what lies underneath .
in the midst of this sales hype , what rights does the individual [keep] to be as he/she wishes to be ? must the individual bend to comply with ( usually ) middle-class value systems in order to achieve some kind of acceptance ? normalisation in this sense begins to sound like superimposing a currently fashionable veneer without any attention to the detail of what lies underneath .

In the first case , fieldworkers may have wished to retain certain functions , such as working directly with children and young people , as their prerogative , because they considered themselves to be better trained to undertake these tasks , albeit with limited time at their disposal and with , in some instances , limited skills .
in the first case , fieldworkers may have wished to [keep] certain functions , such as working directly with children and young people , as their prerogative , because they considered themselves to be better trained to undertake these tasks , albeit with limited time at their disposal and with , in some instances , limited skills .

This will make cutting very much easier , it will set the cut edges completely and all the cut sections will retain their shape .
this will make cutting very much easier , it will set the cut edges completely and all the cut sections will [keep] their shape .

But as the limits of the human memory did not enable men to retain beyond a very limited number of names ; and even if it had , as it would have required a most inconvenient portion of time , to run over in discourse , as many names of individuals , and of individual qualities , as there is occasion to refer to in discourse , it was necessary to have contrivances of abridgment .
but as the limits of the human memory did not enable men to [keep] beyond a very limited number of names ; and even if it had , as it would have required a most inconvenient portion of time , to run over in discourse , as many names of individuals , and of individual qualities , as there is occasion to refer to in discourse , it was necessary to have contrivances of abridgment .

Their theme was simplicity itself : the precentor wished to become a monk ; the bishop wished to retain him in the service of the cathedral .
their theme was simplicity itself : the precentor wished to become a monk ; the bishop wished to [keep] him in the service of the cathedral .

Indeed , in his immediate aim of regaining Normandy in order to retain England he had little choice : his survival depended on it .
indeed , in his immediate aim of regaining normandy in order to [keep] england he had little choice : his survival depended on it .

It was very uncertain whether Henry would be able to retain the crown he had seized .
it was very uncertain whether henry would be able to [keep] the crown he had seized .

So Lanfranc was left no choice : he had to retain the monastic community in his cathedral church , and we may ask what he found on his arrival , and what impression it made on him .
so lanfranc was left no choice : he had to [keep] the monastic community in his cathedral church , and we may ask what he found on his arrival , and what impression it made on him .

As to the much discussed pearwood wall panels , Italo Rota explains : ‘ We were looking for a simple idea that would allow visitors who had already looked at a good many paintings to connect some of them with unfamiliar settings ; the art of memory tells us that it is easier to retain images in one 's head if one can link them to a specific space ’ .
as to the much discussed pearwood wall panels , italo rota explains : ‘ we were looking for a simple idea that would allow visitors who had already looked at a good many paintings to connect some of them with unfamiliar settings ; the art of memory tells us that it is easier to [keep] images in one 's head if one can link them to a specific space ’ .

They could only retain their job if they accepted a reduction of 2½d per hour .
they could only [keep] their job if they accepted a reduction of 2½d per hour .

Where , in the Report , Beveridge talked of the ‘ strong public opinion ’ in favour of subsistence pensions , in the private memorandum he contemptuously dismissed this as ‘ sentimental and political ’ , insisting that the state should retain the right to reduce pensions below subsistence on grounds of financial stringency or a fall in the cost of living , and warning of the dangers of a ‘ birthday present ’ mentality if there was no retirement condition .
where , in the report , beveridge talked of the ‘ strong public opinion ’ in favour of subsistence pensions , in the private memorandum he contemptuously dismissed this as ‘ sentimental and political ’ , insisting that the state should [keep] the right to reduce pensions below subsistence on grounds of financial stringency or a fall in the cost of living , and warning of the dangers of a ‘ birthday present ’ mentality if there was no retirement condition .

The available survey material suggests that , while certain employers were prepared to retain individual workers beyond the official retirement age by virtue of their particular merits ( Shenfield 1957 ) , there was no determined effort by industry to accommodate elderly workers .
the available survey material suggests that , while certain employers were prepared to [keep] individual workers beyond the official retirement age by virtue of their particular merits ( shenfield 1957 ) , there was no determined effort by industry to accommodate elderly workers .

Following a decade of political and socio-medical pressure to retain elderly employees , industrial management had still not given significant attention to the effective utilization of older workers .
following a decade of political and socio-medical pressure to [keep] elderly employees , industrial management had still not given significant attention to the effective utilization of older workers .

The Pilkington Cup weekend coincides with Queensland 's crucial game against holders Auckland and , as Queensland coach John Connolly pointed out , with Tim Gavin back in contention and the young prodigy Warwick Waugh ready to challenge for higher honours , Coker may find it difficult to give the Queensland game a miss if he wants to retain his Wallaby berth .
the pilkington cup weekend coincides with queensland 's crucial game against holders auckland and , as queensland coach john connolly pointed out , with tim gavin back in contention and the young prodigy warwick waugh ready to challenge for higher honours , coker may find it difficult to give the queensland game a miss if he wants to [keep] his wallaby berth .

Quite apart from his work rate and tackling , which were to his normal standard , Transvaal watchers were amazed at his handling ability and his ability to retain and secure possession in the loose .
quite apart from his work rate and tackling , which were to his normal standard , transvaal watchers were amazed at his handling ability and his ability to [keep] and secure possession in the loose .

Monica Seles will retain her number one women 's ranking and Jennifer Capriati will be her nearest rival by the end of December .
monica seles will [keep] her number one women 's ranking and jennifer capriati will be her nearest rival by the end of december .

However , with Sarah Bentley making her singles debut for Surrey , the holders wasted little time in establishing a winning 5–1 lead to retain their title .
however , with sarah bentley making her singles debut for surrey , the holders wasted little time in establishing a winning 5–1 lead to [keep] their title .

However , no organiser was forced to co-operate , and many did , in fact , choose to retain the status quo .
however , no organiser was forced to co-operate , and many did , in fact , choose to [keep] the status quo .

These changes gave museums the right to retain what they earned , to privatise some of their services such as restaurants , publishing etc , and also gave them responsibility for the maintenance of their buildings .
these changes gave museums the right to [keep] what they earned , to privatise some of their services such as restaurants , publishing etc , and also gave them responsibility for the maintenance of their buildings .

Others , such as the ‘ Seated male nude model ’ appear to retain much of their original freshness .
others , such as the ‘ seated male nude model ’ appear to [keep] much of their original freshness .

The 34027 Locomotive Group still retain the prestigious opportunity of being able to say that it was their locomotive which took the first train hauled by a steam locomotive into Waterloo after some 25 years .
the 34027 locomotive group still [keep] the prestigious opportunity of being able to say that it was their locomotive which took the first train hauled by a steam locomotive into waterloo after some 25 years .

The interior spaces of the wedge-shaped building were converted to suit their new function by artists Robert Irwin and Richard Fleischner , with architect David Raphael Singer , whose particular brief was to retain the all-glass walls of the building while making it a suitable and secure venue for displaying works of art .
the interior spaces of the wedge-shaped building were converted to suit their new function by artists robert irwin and richard fleischner , with architect david raphael singer , whose particular brief was to [keep] the all-glass walls of the building while making it a suitable and secure venue for displaying works of art .

Despite the difficulties that emerged during the discussions , usually over the nature of the common market and its timetable ( with France being the main objector ) , Spaak managed to retain a decisive influence over the direction taken by the committee .
despite the difficulties that emerged during the discussions , usually over the nature of the common market and its timetable ( with france being the main objector ) , spaak managed to [keep] a decisive influence over the direction taken by the committee .

The wish to retain an awareness of the two-dimensional quality of the surface is behind all his work .
the wish to [keep] an awareness of the two-dimensional quality of the surface is behind all his work .

They make it clear to us that painting is a challenging process of continual decision-making — what to paint , how to apply the characteristics of the medium to the subject , how to retain the initial idea , or convey a particular mood .
they make it clear to us that painting is a challenging process of continual decision-making — what to paint , how to apply the characteristics of the medium to the subject , how to [keep] the initial idea , or convey a particular mood .

Headway Pre-Intermediate has managed to retain all the best features of the Headway series at pre-intermediate level .
headway pre-intermediate has managed to [keep] all the best features of the headway series at pre-intermediate level .

Over more than ten years there have been negotiations between Kent County Council ( which originally intended to retain West Malling as a general aviation aerodrome ) and the local planning authority that intended to build all over it .
over more than ten years there have been negotiations between kent county council ( which originally intended to [keep] west malling as a general aviation aerodrome ) and the local planning authority that intended to build all over it .

In the churches , traditional orthodoxy of a more or less pre-Enlightenment character fought to retain its footing , but alongside it grew other movements ranging from what today would be called Conservative Evangelicalism to those which were consciously progressive , liberal and modern .
in the churches , traditional orthodoxy of a more or less pre-enlightenment character fought to [keep] its footing , but alongside it grew other movements ranging from what today would be called conservative evangelicalism to those which were consciously progressive , liberal and modern .

However , there is a rewarding selection of exquisite species to grace the aquarium , which retain their beauty into maturity .
however , there is a rewarding selection of exquisite species to grace the aquarium , which [keep] their beauty into maturity .

It was only by convincing political authorities , the religious denominations , and the agents of respectable opinion that they were responsible citizens that showmen were able to retain control of the highly profitable business that they had created .
it was only by convincing political authorities , the religious denominations , and the agents of respectable opinion that they were responsible citizens that showmen were able to [keep] control of the highly profitable business that they had created .

To the movie producers the problem defined itself in terms of having to retain the loyalty of the masses whilst never questioning fundamental middle-class values and of having to show an unease about certain aspects of the distribution of wealth and social power without ever becoming political or radical .
to the movie producers the problem defined itself in terms of having to [keep] the loyalty of the masses whilst never questioning fundamental middle-class values and of having to show an unease about certain aspects of the distribution of wealth and social power without ever becoming political or radical .

Coupled with a series of similar findings in different paradigms , it is taken to mean that hearing people , when processing potentially verbal material , use a code based on speech to represent and retain the items over short periods of time .
coupled with a series of similar findings in different paradigms , it is taken to mean that hearing people , when processing potentially verbal material , use a code based on speech to represent and [keep] the items over short periods of time .

The old chestnuts about blacks having weak ankles and heavy bones which militate against their achieving success in swimming still retain credibility in sporting circles , and there are other similar theories in abundance .
the old chestnuts about blacks having weak ankles and heavy bones which militate against their achieving success in swimming still [keep] credibility in sporting circles , and there are other similar theories in abundance .

Does a certain relationship retain its explanatory power for a number of countries rather than just for one — can it stand up to a comparative analysis ?
does a certain relationship [keep] its explanatory power for a number of countries rather than just for one — can it stand up to a comparative analysis ?

Employers also wished to retain skilled labour to recoup their investment in training costs .
employers also wished to [keep] skilled labour to recoup their investment in training costs .

The most recent development is the growing use of solar control and low-emissivity glass , which helps to retain heat in the winter and to prevent unnecessary solar gain in summer , often giving the equivalent effect of triple glazing when it 's used in conjunction with double glazing .
the most recent development is the growing use of solar control and low-emissivity glass , which helps to [keep] heat in the winter and to prevent unnecessary solar gain in summer , often giving the equivalent effect of triple glazing when it 's used in conjunction with double glazing .

The scheme also uses machine testing to assess the carpet 's ability to retain its ‘ as new ’ appearance after years of wear .
the scheme also uses machine testing to assess the carpet 's ability to [keep] its ‘ as new ’ appearance after years of wear .

( Lest it be thought that that example does not count because it is seventeenth-century English , it is worth noting that modern translations retain the and at the beginning of that verse . )
( lest it be thought that that example does not count because it is seventeenth-century english , it is worth noting that modern translations [keep] the and at the beginning of that verse . )

These baths are light in weight , so can be carried into the bathroom easily , and retain warmth as well .
these baths are light in weight , so can be carried into the bathroom easily , and [keep] warmth as well .

As the blades only meet at a single point when cutting , they retain their sharpness for a lifetime of use .
as the blades only meet at a single point when cutting , they [keep] their sharpness for a lifetime of use .

Unless the inviting church can show that it has the capacity within itself to attract and retain the outsider , it is unlikely to do so as the result of a brief visit from an itinerant evangelist , no matter how gifted .
unless the inviting church can show that it has the capacity within itself to attract and [keep] the outsider , it is unlikely to do so as the result of a brief visit from an itinerant evangelist , no matter how gifted .

It can lead to a perpetual and escalating attempt by women to please , trying to retain their outward beauty at all costs , and to show only the lovely , pleasing side of their nature for fear that they will otherwise be dethroned .
it can lead to a perpetual and escalating attempt by women to please , trying to [keep] their outward beauty at all costs , and to show only the lovely , pleasing side of their nature for fear that they will otherwise be dethroned .

Of those who try to retain their former beauty , some apparently succeed very well , but without really allowing age and experience to modify this .
of those who try to [keep] their former beauty , some apparently succeed very well , but without really allowing age and experience to modify this .

Even today , children retain vivid impressions from the stories told to them by their mothers and grandmothers about their own childhoods ‘ long ago ’ .
even today , children [keep] vivid impressions from the stories told to them by their mothers and grandmothers about their own childhoods ‘ long ago ’ .

It is the easiest way to secure and retain informers and agents and its other uses are legion .
it is the easiest way to secure and [keep] informers and agents and its other uses are legion .

Newly launched , Pro Arte 's Acrylix are synthetic brushes which retain their shape exceptionally well and are extremely responsive to use .
newly launched , pro arte 's acrylix are synthetic brushes which [keep] their shape exceptionally well and are extremely responsive to use .

Therefore colours retain freshness and luminosity .
therefore colours [keep] freshness and luminosity .

6.5 Each Party shall be entitled at the completion of the Project to require delivery up of all copies of any information originating from it except information which the recipient in each case has a right to retain or use for the purposes of clause [ Exploitation of Results ] .
6.5 each party shall be entitled at the completion of the project to require delivery up of all copies of any information originating from it except information which the recipient in each case has a right to [keep] or use for the purposes of clause [ exploitation of results ] .

9.1 The Publisher may present copies of the Work to the Libraries entitled to the Privilege and shall be entitled at its discretion to present copies of every edition of the Work to the Delegates of the Oxford University Press and their Secretary and the Chancellor of the University editors of periodicals teachers and other persons through whom in its judgement publicity for the Work will be gained and shall retain the copies needed as samples by their showrooms and travellers throughout the world and all such presentation copies shall not be taken into account as copies sold .
9.1 the publisher may present copies of the work to the libraries entitled to the privilege and shall be entitled at its discretion to present copies of every edition of the work to the delegates of the oxford university press and their secretary and the chancellor of the university editors of periodicals teachers and other persons through whom in its judgement publicity for the work will be gained and shall [keep] the copies needed as samples by their showrooms and travellers throughout the world and all such presentation copies shall not be taken into account as copies sold .

11.4 In the case of termination by for 's default in payment of the Advance or royalties due under clause 5.1 , shall be entitled to retain any moneys already paid to it by under the terms of this Agreement .
11.4 in the case of termination by for 's default in payment of the advance or royalties due under clause 5.1 , shall be entitled to [keep] any moneys already paid to it by under the terms of this agreement .

9.1 The Publisher may present copies of the Work to the Libraries entitled to the Privilege and shall be entitled at its discretion to present copies of every edition of the Work to the Delegates of the Oxford University Press and their Secretary and the Chancellor of the University editors of periodicals teachers and other persons through whom in its judgement publicity for the Work will be gained and shall retain the copies needed as samples by their showrooms and travellers throughout the world and all such presentation copies shall not be taken into account as copies sold .
9.1 the publisher may present copies of the work to the libraries entitled to the privilege and shall be entitled at its discretion to present copies of every edition of the work to the delegates of the oxford university press and their secretary and the chancellor of the university editors of periodicals teachers and other persons through whom in its judgement publicity for the work will be gained and shall [keep] the copies needed as samples by their showrooms and travellers throughout the world and all such presentation copies shall not be taken into account as copies sold .

Without demonstrable concern for their welfare and the active promotion of an identity of interests it would have been difficult for a party of landed and industrial power to retain authority ( for an historical survey of this see McKenzie and Silver 1968 pp 42–73 ) .
without demonstrable concern for their welfare and the active promotion of an identity of interests it would have been difficult for a party of landed and industrial power to [keep] authority ( for an historical survey of this see mckenzie and silver 1968 pp 42–73 ) .

‘ Alternatively , you could retain Briar Cottage .
‘ alternatively , you could [keep] briar cottage .

Cobden-Sanderson quarrelled with Emery Walker and , through the mediation of Sydney Cockerell , came to an agreement that Cobden-Sanderson should retain the Doves type for his lifetime , after which it should pass to the younger man .
cobden-sanderson quarrelled with emery walker and , through the mediation of sydney cockerell , came to an agreement that cobden-sanderson should [keep] the doves type for his lifetime , after which it should pass to the younger man .

Modern Marxists are divided about whether to retain the labour theory of value or not .
modern marxists are divided about whether to [keep] the labour theory of value or not .

But for comparability with the other approaches , we retain the idea of a realm of political activity capable of determining state policy .
but for comparability with the other approaches , we [keep] the idea of a realm of political activity capable of determining state policy .

For those who wished to retain belief in the conspiracy explanation of modern political events , an alternative version was supplied by the Morning Post , the Patriot and the publications of the Boswell Publishing Company .
for those who wished to [keep] belief in the conspiracy explanation of modern political events , an alternative version was supplied by the morning post , the patriot and the publications of the boswell publishing company .

It expects to retain a third party to sell any remaining assets .
it expects to [keep] a third party to sell any remaining assets .

But the aristocrats of the Vongara clan who supplied all the kings and most of the chiefs retain much of their status as a ruling élite .
but the aristocrats of the vongara clan who supplied all the kings and most of the chiefs [keep] much of their status as a ruling élite .

The elder and his dwindling following claim that misfortunes are the judgment of the outraged ancestors ; his opponents — led by those who covet his position — claim they are due to intolerable acts of malicious witchcraft , providing incontrovertible proof that their author is no longer fit to retain his exalted office .
the elder and his dwindling following claim that misfortunes are the judgment of the outraged ancestors ; his opponents — led by those who covet his position — claim they are due to intolerable acts of malicious witchcraft , providing incontrovertible proof that their author is no longer fit to [keep] his exalted office .

Moore 's view is that this is because , although each individual component of the total consciousness has its own value , one which it could retain in other contexts , the consciousness as a whole has a further value .
moore 's view is that this is because , although each individual component of the total consciousness has its own value , one which it could [keep] in other contexts , the consciousness as a whole has a further value .

As against this , it may be said that it is psychologically impossible ( or perhaps impossible in some stronger logical sense ) to retain either beliefs or attitudes of which the inconsistency has become manifest to one .
as against this , it may be said that it is psychologically impossible ( or perhaps impossible in some stronger logical sense ) to [keep] either beliefs or attitudes of which the inconsistency has become manifest to one .

They were to retain a commitment to sessional work at Powick , with the elderly population , under the reformed system .
they were to [keep] a commitment to sessional work at powick , with the elderly population , under the reformed system .

The most significant difference at the search and investigation stage is that the national press will retain interest in a case only if there is scope for the construction of a sex fiend who continues to wreak havoc on a community .
the most significant difference at the search and investigation stage is that the national press will [keep] interest in a case only if there is scope for the construction of a sex fiend who continues to wreak havoc on a community .

It is also important to retain control of your support system .
it is also important to [keep] control of your support system .

Defending champions Puma Welwyn will be obviously doing all in their power to retain the coveted Vauxhall Trophy when they begin their defence in earnest against Hallamshire .
defending champions puma welwyn will be obviously doing all in their power to [keep] the coveted vauxhall trophy when they begin their defence in earnest against hallamshire .

How then , do we retain our numbers and improve our success rate ?
how then , do we [keep] our numbers and improve our success rate ?

One of the most important points to appreciate when training a dog is that , like their ancestors , today 's domestic dogs retain strong pack instincts .
one of the most important points to appreciate when training a dog is that , like their ancestors , today 's domestic dogs [keep] strong pack instincts .

Unsurprisingly the nature of the soil can affect the toad 's ability to retain water .
unsurprisingly the nature of the soil can affect the toad 's ability to [keep] water .

Spanish socialism , meanwhile , was in the early stages of what was to be termed ‘ bolshevization ’ : a shift towards revolutionary positions in which moderates like Prieto found themselves struggling to retain influence and party office .
spanish socialism , meanwhile , was in the early stages of what was to be termed ‘ bolshevization ’ : a shift towards revolutionary positions in which moderates like prieto found themselves struggling to [keep] influence and party office .

This assumption of political power as well as military command represented little short of a coup by Franco and a group of military and civilian supporters , mostly of monarchist sympathies ; within days Franco had quietly promoted himself to ‘ Head of State ’ , a title he was to retain until his death 39 years later .
this assumption of political power as well as military command represented little short of a coup by franco and a group of military and civilian supporters , mostly of monarchist sympathies ; within days franco had quietly promoted himself to ‘ head of state ’ , a title he was to [keep] until his death 39 years later .

The Wolverines ' stock of blast and frag grenades would likewise be of little avail , though since each grenade hardly bulked larger than a coin the Scouts could at least retain their pursefuls of those in case they needed to kill at a distance .
the wolverines ' stock of blast and frag grenades would likewise be of little avail , though since each grenade hardly bulked larger than a coin the scouts could at least [keep] their pursefuls of those in case they needed to kill at a distance .

That was the way to retain control of the job .
that was the way to [keep] control of the job .

However , the difficulties involved in providing a safe and reassuring environment for staff working with this group of people are one reason why so many professional staff still clamour to retain the old asylums ; in such asylums staff know they can summon help at a few minutes ' notice from a neighbouring ward and from resident medical staff .
however , the difficulties involved in providing a safe and reassuring environment for staff working with this group of people are one reason why so many professional staff still clamour to [keep] the old asylums ; in such asylums staff know they can summon help at a few minutes ' notice from a neighbouring ward and from resident medical staff .

Moreover , the individuals themselves who are suffering these severe episodes need security and containment as well as space to move about , to feel unfettered and to retain some privacy .
moreover , the individuals themselves who are suffering these severe episodes need security and containment as well as space to move about , to feel unfettered and to [keep] some privacy .

( c ) The sense of responsibility held by most sub-contractors is such that they will be concerned to retain their reputation as tradesmen , particularly bearing in mind the need for continuity of employment .
( c ) the sense of responsibility held by most sub-contractors is such that they will be concerned to [keep] their reputation as tradesmen , particularly bearing in mind the need for continuity of employment .

Some builders and sub-contractors , however , retain the bill of quantities as the basis of agreeing rates .
some builders and sub-contractors , however , [keep] the bill of quantities as the basis of agreeing rates .

It may prove acceptable for management to retain a small percentage , say 10 % , as a reserve .
it may prove acceptable for management to [keep] a small percentage , say 10 % , as a reserve .

Individual landowners are , however , under no pressure to sell and in fact may wish to retain land in its present use and , where a key site is concerned , may delay or prevent development of adjoining land .
individual landowners are , however , under no pressure to sell and in fact may wish to [keep] land in its present use and , where a key site is concerned , may delay or prevent development of adjoining land .

The estate agent will retain a register of all builders and developers interested in land purchase , with full details of their requirements .
the estate agent will [keep] a register of all builders and developers interested in land purchase , with full details of their requirements .

He 'd spent most of the evening wrestling with the one fragment that he 'd managed to retain , picked out of the air behind him as he 'd been standing at the cooker watching his soup boil .
he 'd spent most of the evening wrestling with the one fragment that he 'd managed to [keep] , picked out of the air behind him as he 'd been standing at the cooker watching his soup boil .

The Yugoslavs were allowed to retain their non-aligned status , and kept to their ‘ national path to communism ’ which differed in important respects from that of the other communist-ruled countries .
the yugoslavs were allowed to [keep] their non-aligned status , and kept to their ‘ national path to communism ’ which differed in important respects from that of the other communist-ruled countries .

One can therefore say that the courts retain the power to read statutes in the light of general principles , the only question being whether the particular court will be able to find or invent a general principle that will enable it to give a sensible effect to the statute .
one can therefore say that the courts [keep] the power to read statutes in the light of general principles , the only question being whether the particular court will be able to find or invent a general principle that will enable it to give a sensible effect to the statute .

So long as the boy was alive and had a chance of survival he was as much entitled to retain that chance as the others ; whereas in our problem it may be that the men who are cut away have no chance of survival at all .
so long as the boy was alive and had a chance of survival he was as much entitled to [keep] that chance as the others ; whereas in our problem it may be that the men who are cut away have no chance of survival at all .

The very work that solicitors are called to perform , which includes doing certain nasty things to people , can not be expected to make them universally popular , ; so the profession can retain public respect only if it observes high ethical standards , which not all practitioners do .
the very work that solicitors are called to perform , which includes doing certain nasty things to people , can not be expected to make them universally popular , ; so the profession can [keep] public respect only if it observes high ethical standards , which not all practitioners do .

The Doctor struggled hard to retain his composure after this revelation .
the doctor struggled hard to [keep] his composure after this revelation .

The method of development in both extracts is therefore the same and the French translation manages to retain the egotism of the original .
the method of development in both extracts is therefore the same and the french translation manages to [keep] the egotism of the original .

In a rare survey of local residents ' attitudes , the Kariels ( 1982 ) have found that in spite of the many negative aspects often ascribed to tourism , the overall evaluation of local inhabitants was strongly positive , although at the same time they wanted the landscape to retain its traditional character and felt that family life had been weakened by tourism .
in a rare survey of local residents ' attitudes , the kariels ( 1982 ) have found that in spite of the many negative aspects often ascribed to tourism , the overall evaluation of local inhabitants was strongly positive , although at the same time they wanted the landscape to [keep] its traditional character and felt that family life had been weakened by tourism .

Trading partners should be allowed to retain their privacy within the limits of legality and public policy , and many may choose to do just that .
trading partners should be allowed to [keep] their privacy within the limits of legality and public policy , and many may choose to do just that .

In 1967 there was an all-party conference on the future of the Lords , the objectives being to retain these useful minor functions while ending the hereditary basis of membership , the built-in Conservative majority and the delaying powers of the Lords .
in 1967 there was an all-party conference on the future of the lords , the objectives being to [keep] these useful minor functions while ending the hereditary basis of membership , the built-in conservative majority and the delaying powers of the lords .

Other aspects which concerned the public such as the need to retain certain uneconomic railway lines , the use of coal to prevent too fast a rise in unemployment in areas dependent on mining or the case for airports on remote islands in Scotland , could then all be urged from outside on the individual industries and on the Ministry for Nationalized Industries without confusing these social objectives with the normal criteria of operation .
other aspects which concerned the public such as the need to [keep] certain uneconomic railway lines , the use of coal to prevent too fast a rise in unemployment in areas dependent on mining or the case for airports on remote islands in scotland , could then all be urged from outside on the individual industries and on the ministry for nationalized industries without confusing these social objectives with the normal criteria of operation .

The idea was subsequently revived by Neil Kinnock after the 1987 election in modified form which allowed local union branches to retain a voice in the selection process .
the idea was subsequently revived by neil kinnock after the 1987 election in modified form which allowed local union branches to [keep] a voice in the selection process .

Within this framework , the Conservatives wanted to retain a strong executive and to strengthen similarly the hands of private authorities , particularly the employer in dealing with the unions .
within this framework , the conservatives wanted to [keep] a strong executive and to strengthen similarly the hands of private authorities , particularly the employer in dealing with the unions .

The primary concern of the judiciary , said Lord Hailsham , must be ‘ to retain the respect of the public for their independence which involves not merely their real independence of mind , but also the belief which the public can have that they are seen to be independent in every respect ’ .
the primary concern of the judiciary , said lord hailsham , must be ‘ to [keep] the respect of the public for their independence which involves not merely their real independence of mind , but also the belief which the public can have that they are seen to be independent in every respect ’ .

To a considerable extent these views supported those of the Bar Council in seeking to retain the monopoly of barristers in the superior courts , in rejecting multi-disciplinary partnerships , and in objecting to the Lord Chancellor having power to make final decisions on the training , conduct and rights of audience of advocates .
to a considerable extent these views supported those of the bar council in seeking to [keep] the monopoly of barristers in the superior courts , in rejecting multi-disciplinary partnerships , and in objecting to the lord chancellor having power to make final decisions on the training , conduct and rights of audience of advocates .

We may reasonably think that the vase-picture of the Underworld does bring us really close to the composition of a lost wall-painting , but it is adapted to the small , curved surface of a pot ( though , being a calyx-krater , the curve is only horizontal , and it does retain some of the character of a wall ) , and there are other important differences , in particular the nature of the red-figure technique .
we may reasonably think that the vase-picture of the underworld does bring us really close to the composition of a lost wall-painting , but it is adapted to the small , curved surface of a pot ( though , being a calyx-krater , the curve is only horizontal , and it does [keep] some of the character of a wall ) , and there are other important differences , in particular the nature of the red-figure technique .

Now the consensus among gerontologists is that those who survive into their sixties mostly retain quite a high degree of fitness into their mid-seventies .
now the consensus among gerontologists is that those who survive into their sixties mostly [keep] quite a high degree of fitness into their mid-seventies .

While these difficult categorizations , either in their most serious and sustained forms , or in their commonly received popular forms , retain or attempt to retain their position above society — above the historical socio-material process or the full , undelimited cultural process — they have to be seen not only as intellectually unsatisfactory but as , in themselves , disguised social processes .
while these difficult categorizations , either in their most serious and sustained forms , or in their commonly received popular forms , [keep] or attempt to [keep] their position above society — above the historical socio-material process or the full , undelimited cultural process — they have to be seen not only as intellectually unsatisfactory but as , in themselves , disguised social processes .

The categorical transitions from ‘ court ’ and ‘ peasant ’ to ‘ aristocratic ’ and ‘ folk ’ art reveal directly , in their terms , social associations of a determinate kind which ‘ high ’ and ‘ popular ’ , in significantly blurring ways , still partly retain .
the categorical transitions from ‘ court ’ and ‘ peasant ’ to ‘ aristocratic ’ and ‘ folk ’ art reveal directly , in their terms , social associations of a determinate kind which ‘ high ’ and ‘ popular ’ , in significantly blurring ways , still partly [keep] .

His head kept dipping and his wings half opening as he tried to retain his balance on his awkward stance .
his head kept dipping and his wings half opening as he tried to [keep] his balance on his awkward stance .

In general , this does not apply to local employment , because the newcomers either retain their employment in nearby towns and commute to work or they have come to the countryside to retire .
in general , this does not apply to local employment , because the newcomers either [keep] their employment in nearby towns and commute to work or they have come to the countryside to retire .

Since non-acceptance on the basis of length of residence is one of the few ways in which local workers can retain any of their old status in the village , they restrict their social contacts to those who share these judgements with them .
since non-acceptance on the basis of length of residence is one of the few ways in which local workers can [keep] any of their old status in the village , they restrict their social contacts to those who share these judgements with them .

Farmers are quick to point out that the desire to retain hedgerows and other familiar landscape features emanates from exactly that social group — the ‘ urban mass ’ — whose demands for cheap food have indirectly brought about those changes which they so deplore .
farmers are quick to point out that the desire to [keep] hedgerows and other familiar landscape features emanates from exactly that social group — the ‘ urban mass ’ — whose demands for cheap food have indirectly brought about those changes which they so deplore .

This suggests that some system of control must be introduced if farmers are to be persuaded to retain the wildlife habitats or landscape features which they would otherwise destroy .
this suggests that some system of control must be introduced if farmers are to be persuaded to [keep] the wildlife habitats or landscape features which they would otherwise destroy .

Fortunately many nature reserves and other wildlife refuges are situated on land of little agricultural value ; and many farmers can still be persuaded to retain important and irretrievable landscape features if only they are informed of their unique significance .
fortunately many nature reserves and other wildlife refuges are situated on land of little agricultural value ; and many farmers can still be persuaded to [keep] important and irretrievable landscape features if only they are informed of their unique significance .

‘ You wo n't lose control so long as you retain over fifty per cent of the shares , ’ Adam reassured her .
‘ you wo n't lose control so long as you [keep] over fifty per cent of the shares , ’ adam reassured her .

Thus , even on the unrealistic assumption that consumers acting through the market are able to force managements to produce at the lowest possible cost , companies nevertheless retain a discretion within that constraint over such issues as plant location , appropriate levels of automation , and policy on research and development , since these and other delegated questions do not yield unique least-cost solutions .
thus , even on the unrealistic assumption that consumers acting through the market are able to force managements to produce at the lowest possible cost , companies nevertheless [keep] a discretion within that constraint over such issues as plant location , appropriate levels of automation , and policy on research and development , since these and other delegated questions do not yield unique least-cost solutions .

This being so , it is essential for government to retain the confidence , and hence the co-operation , of the business sector by maintaining the conditions for its profitability .
this being so , it is essential for government to [keep] the confidence , and hence the co-operation , of the business sector by maintaining the conditions for its profitability .

In every other respect the file load will be a normal — and sequential — operation , except that some positions may be left vacant to retain the address/key relationship .
in every other respect the file load will be a normal — and sequential — operation , except that some positions may be left vacant to [keep] the address/key relationship .

Hymns , nevertheless , retain both significance and popularity .
hymns , nevertheless , [keep] both significance and popularity .

Many of the cathedrals are former parish churches and they retain an attitude to music which is more appropriate to a parish than to a cathedral .
many of the cathedrals are former parish churches and they [keep] an attitude to music which is more appropriate to a parish than to a cathedral .

Dutch Retain New Guinea
dutch [keep] new guinea

Although Sukarno fought to retain his authority he was steadily out-manoevred by General Suharto , hitherto little known , so that The Times ( 2 March 1966 ) had to announce : ‘ Remarkably little is spoken of him .
although sukarno fought to [keep] his authority he was steadily out-manoevred by general suharto , hitherto little known , so that the times ( 2 march 1966 ) had to announce : ‘ remarkably little is spoken of him .

In January 1967 , Sukarno offered to go into exile providing he could retain his office .
in january 1967 , sukarno offered to go into exile providing he could [keep] his office .

In one way , they represent little more than the attempts of established disciplines to retain market share in a situation of academic and economic scarcity .
in one way , they represent little more than the attempts of established disciplines to [keep] market share in a situation of academic and economic scarcity .

Yes , because of the change described ( above ) , from the norms of science ( free enquiry , publications , respect for truth , resistance to argument from authority ) to the norms of commerce ( cost consciousness , restriction to profitable study , limited publication and need to retain commercially valuable technology secret , respect for adequate solutions , acceptance of the authority of ‘ current good practice ’ and standards and specifications — ‘ doing it by the book ’ ) . ( Metallurgy and Materials Engineering )
yes , because of the change described ( above ) , from the norms of science ( free enquiry , publications , respect for truth , resistance to argument from authority ) to the norms of commerce ( cost consciousness , restriction to profitable study , limited publication and need to [keep] commercially valuable technology secret , respect for adequate solutions , acceptance of the authority of ‘ current good practice ’ and standards and specifications — ‘ doing it by the book ’ ) . ( metallurgy and materials engineering )

ability to retain experienced people ;
ability to [keep] experienced people ;

The function of these labour market arrangements is clear , however : principally they serve to retain workers who embody valuable skill formation for the enterprise ( Jacoby , 1979 ) .
the function of these labour market arrangements is clear , however : principally they serve to [keep] workers who embody valuable skill formation for the enterprise ( jacoby , 1979 ) .

The person claiming the benefit must retain the land which can benefit from the covenant .
the person claiming the benefit must [keep] the land which can benefit from the covenant .

It follows that a society which had removed capitalism , but which nevertheless sought to retain the benefits of science and the flexibility of money , would still be faced with the problems of these intrinsic contradictions of modern life .
it follows that a society which had removed capitalism , but which nevertheless sought to [keep] the benefits of science and the flexibility of money , would still be faced with the problems of these intrinsic contradictions of modern life .

Play with objects , which retain a physical similarity between sign and signified , or where some concrete form may be used to represent the distant other , then becomes an essential prerequisite for the development of the symbolic faculty found in language .
play with objects , which [keep] a physical similarity between sign and signified , or where some concrete form may be used to represent the distant other , then becomes an essential prerequisite for the development of the symbolic faculty found in language .

These accounts may therefore imply that , as language strengthens its hold on consciousness and , through writing , on the explicit world of knowledge , objects may retain their place in the ordering of the unconscious world .
these accounts may therefore imply that , as language strengthens its hold on consciousness and , through writing , on the explicit world of knowledge , objects may [keep] their place in the ordering of the unconscious world .

One anthropologist who has been noted for attempting to retain a balance between objectivist and subjectivist analysis is Pierre Bourdieu .
one anthropologist who has been noted for attempting to [keep] a balance between objectivist and subjectivist analysis is pierre bourdieu .

Bourdieu wished to retain what we have learnt from structural analysis , and yet to mitigate its objectivist implications by emphasizing that such structures produce not rules but dispositions , and underlie not determinacy but strategy .
bourdieu wished to [keep] what we have learnt from structural analysis , and yet to mitigate its objectivist implications by emphasizing that such structures produce not rules but dispositions , and underlie not determinacy but strategy .

Emulation in turn stimulates the desire to retain differentials , which often becomes based upon access to knowledge about goods and their prestige connotations .
emulation in turn stimulates the desire to [keep] differentials , which often becomes based upon access to knowledge about goods and their prestige connotations .

Through the emergence of the arts and crafts movement , Morris succeeded in establishing a craft tradition in which the individual could retain some control over every stage of manufacture from design to execution , and thereby gain a far more satisfactory relationship with the product .
through the emergence of the arts and crafts movement , morris succeeded in establishing a craft tradition in which the individual could [keep] some control over every stage of manufacture from design to execution , and thereby gain a far more satisfactory relationship with the product .

Preteceille and Terrail ( 1985 ) provide a recent elaboration of this position , taking into account the various approaches emerging from cultural anthropology , but they retain the classic Marxist conception that modern ‘ needs ’ can only be accounted for in terms of the search by capital for greater profits , and that consumption is always subservient to production interests ( e.g .
preteceille and terrail ( 1985 ) provide a recent elaboration of this position , taking into account the various approaches emerging from cultural anthropology , but they [keep] the classic marxist conception that modern ‘ needs ’ can only be accounted for in terms of the search by capital for greater profits , and that consumption is always subservient to production interests ( e.g .

Political parties mobilize bias within the populations of liberal democracies , identifying potential cleavages and presenting themselves as representing the interests of one group more than those of any other ( while recognizing that , for the state to retain its legitimacy , it is necessary to respect the interests of other groups , and thereby present a ‘ one nation ’ perspective in certain situations ) .
political parties mobilize bias within the populations of liberal democracies , identifying potential cleavages and presenting themselves as representing the interests of one group more than those of any other ( while recognizing that , for the state to [keep] its legitimacy , it is necessary to respect the interests of other groups , and thereby present a ‘ one nation ’ perspective in certain situations ) .

In contrast with their younger counterparts , some of whom at least could hope realistically for the possibility of promotion , the older field men have little ambition , though they retain some sense of mission .
in contrast with their younger counterparts , some of whom at least could hope realistically for the possibility of promotion , the older field men have little ambition , though they [keep] some sense of mission .

At the same time , idioms show their status as phrases in various ways , too . For example , if an idiom may be inflected , the inflectional affixes are carried by the grammatically appropriate elements within the idiom , whether or not they are semantic constituents ; that is to say , the elements of an idiom retain at least some of their grammatical identity :
at the same time , idioms show their status as phrases in various ways , too . for example , if an idiom may be inflected , the inflectional affixes are carried by the grammatically appropriate elements within the idiom , whether or not they are semantic constituents ; that is to say , the elements of an idiom [keep] at least some of their grammatical identity :

Nevertheless , in spite of the logical equivalence between the sentences , they state different things , and angle and side retain their distinct semantic identity : This triangle has three equal acute angles ; ?
nevertheless , in spite of the logical equivalence between the sentences , they state different things , and angle and side [keep] their distinct semantic identity : this triangle has three equal acute angles ; ?

It should be initiated and managed by teachers inside the schools on the assumption that only if schools and teachers retain control of the evaluation process will they be committed to the implementation of any recommendations for action that arise .
it should be initiated and managed by teachers inside the schools on the assumption that only if schools and teachers [keep] control of the evaluation process will they be committed to the implementation of any recommendations for action that arise .

On the other hand , the organisation will always retain the right to terminate the engagement prematurely if it considers this may be necessary .
on the other hand , the organisation will always [keep] the right to terminate the engagement prematurely if it considers this may be necessary .

Lower levels are used to retain successively the primary silhouettes , specific sectional silhouettes , surfaces and internal details .
lower levels are used to [keep] successively the primary silhouettes , specific sectional silhouettes , surfaces and internal details .

Retain the books ; they will be of use long after the degree has been awarded .
[keep] the books ; they will be of use long after the degree has been awarded .

However , some insects have well-developed eyes and yet retain simple eyes .
however , some insects have well-developed eyes and yet [keep] simple eyes .

Swallowtail butterflies also retain light-sensitive cells , this time on their sexual organs .
swallowtail butterflies also [keep] light-sensitive cells , this time on their sexual organs .

These animals have changed little during the 400 million years since they evolved , and still retain their strange eyes .
these animals have changed little during the 400 million years since they evolved , and still [keep] their strange eyes .

But all living things retain a body clock .
but all living things [keep] a body clock .

Some mammals grow a thicker coat of fur so that they retain more of their body heat .
some mammals grow a thicker coat of fur so that they [keep] more of their body heat .

Is it likely to retain frost and collect snow in winter ?
is it likely to [keep] frost and collect snow in winter ?

Put the cutting into a plastic bag at once , to retain as much moisture as possible in the leaves , unless you can pot it immediately .
put the cutting into a plastic bag at once , to [keep] as much moisture as possible in the leaves , unless you can pot it immediately .

He had removed the jacket of his white linen suit but the sense of decorum bred into him by his aristocratic Virginian upbringing compelled him to retain its matching vest and a cravat of maroon silk held in place with a small diamond pin .
he had removed the jacket of his white linen suit but the sense of decorum bred into him by his aristocratic virginian upbringing compelled him to [keep] its matching vest and a cravat of maroon silk held in place with a small diamond pin .

( Fretter & Graham ( 1985 ) prefer to retain the Thaididae within the Muricidae . )
( fretter & graham ( 1985 ) prefer to [keep] the thaididae within the muricidae . )

He wanted to retain her , to keep her , to tease her , to worry her , to kill her , but he could not : she escaped .
he wanted to [keep] her , to keep her , to tease her , to worry her , to kill her , but he could not : she escaped .

‘ He used to say that the first obligation as a sports writer was not to be in the least boring ; that you had to try and retain the excitement of the event in your writing — without taking liberties with the truth or manufacturing drama . ’
‘ he used to say that the first obligation as a sports writer was not to be in the least boring ; that you had to try and [keep] the excitement of the event in your writing — without taking liberties with the truth or manufacturing drama . ’

This group includes retired businessmen , and people who hold senior positions in such institutions as the church , the army , and the universities ; wealthy individuals whose families retain links with the business class , and whose children may well eventually enter business .
this group includes retired businessmen , and people who hold senior positions in such institutions as the church , the army , and the universities ; wealthy individuals whose families [keep] links with the business class , and whose children may well eventually enter business .

However , he also points out that in a number of important companies a single family of entrepreneurial capitalists retain a majority of the shares .
however , he also points out that in a number of important companies a single family of entrepreneurial capitalists [keep] a majority of the shares .

He says ‘ the demand for the all-round grocery clerk , fruiterer and vegetable dealer , dairyman , butcher , and so forth , has long ago been replaced by a labor configuration in the supermarkets which calls for truck unloaders , shelf stockers , checkout clerks , meat wrappers , and meat cutters ; of these only the last retain any semblance of skill , and none require any general knowledge of retail trade ’ .
he says ‘ the demand for the all-round grocery clerk , fruiterer and vegetable dealer , dairyman , butcher , and so forth , has long ago been replaced by a labor configuration in the supermarkets which calls for truck unloaders , shelf stockers , checkout clerks , meat wrappers , and meat cutters ; of these only the last [keep] any semblance of skill , and none require any general knowledge of retail trade ’ .

Fetal cells are inherently preferable to their adult equivalents for transplantation because they are immunologically immature and retain the ability to proliferate .
fetal cells are inherently preferable to their adult equivalents for transplantation because they are immunologically immature and [keep] the ability to proliferate .

Decisions to retain or reject an hypothesis are fairly straightforwardly determined by the results of experimental tests .
decisions to [keep] or reject an hypothesis are fairly straightforwardly determined by the results of experimental tests .

This is well-illustrated by the plentiful funerary monuments of hellenistic Boiotia , which retain features , such as the simple naming of the dead man without patronymic , which in other parts of the Greek world had long given way to more sophisticated formulae ; and Boiotia retained her local script till the age of Epaminondas in the fourth century .
this is well-illustrated by the plentiful funerary monuments of hellenistic boiotia , which [keep] features , such as the simple naming of the dead man without patronymic , which in other parts of the greek world had long given way to more sophisticated formulae ; and boiotia retained her local script till the age of epaminondas in the fourth century .

In addition , the relatively small number of alternative dwellings available to families who have to live in specific rural locations may mean that they have to take and retain whatever dwelling is available , whether or not it is appropriate to their needs .
in addition , the relatively small number of alternative dwellings available to families who have to live in specific rural locations may mean that they have to take and [keep] whatever dwelling is available , whether or not it is appropriate to their needs .

The Labour Government outlined its ‘ New Deal ’ for transport in 1966 ; its 1967 development plans aimed to retain some 11,000 route miles of the 13,500 left in existence against Beeching 's original plan for an eventual reduction to some 8,000 miles .
the labour government outlined its ‘ new deal ’ for transport in 1966 ; its 1967 development plans aimed to [keep] some 11,000 route miles of the 13,500 left in existence against beeching 's original plan for an eventual reduction to some 8,000 miles .

They will suffer still more communication deprivation if ‘ uneconomical ’ public telephones are withdrawn from villages ; yet , sadly , in the early 1980s many rural public telephone boxes are being removed by British Telecommunications , in spite of campaigns to retain them , because they are not felt to be economically viable .
they will suffer still more communication deprivation if ‘ uneconomical ’ public telephones are withdrawn from villages ; yet , sadly , in the early 1980s many rural public telephone boxes are being removed by british telecommunications , in spite of campaigns to [keep] them , because they are not felt to be economically viable .

They have physically contained the growth of some cities , prevented coalescence of others , and have helped to retain the character of some historic centres , such as Cambridge and York ( Davidson and Wibberley 1977 ) .
they have physically contained the growth of some cities , prevented coalescence of others , and have helped to [keep] the character of some historic centres , such as cambridge and york ( davidson and wibberley 1977 ) .

The multidivisional enterprise : The tendency of the argument here is the following : if the exploitation of economies of scale on the part of capitalist enterprises primarily involved the development of ever larger units of production , in the technical sense , concentrating progressively larger numbers of workers into massive factories , then there could indeed be a conflict between the wish to retain the benefits of economies of scale on the one hand and the requirements of ‘ manageable ’ enterprise democracy on the other .
the multidivisional enterprise : the tendency of the argument here is the following : if the exploitation of economies of scale on the part of capitalist enterprises primarily involved the development of ever larger units of production , in the technical sense , concentrating progressively larger numbers of workers into massive factories , then there could indeed be a conflict between the wish to [keep] the benefits of economies of scale on the one hand and the requirements of ‘ manageable ’ enterprise democracy on the other .

In those areas where rain falls seldom , it falls in torrents , rarely in the summer months , on skeletal , degenerate soils poor in humus ; they can retain no moisture and the thin covering of earth is readily swept away .
in those areas where rain falls seldom , it falls in torrents , rarely in the summer months , on skeletal , degenerate soils poor in humus ; they can [keep] no moisture and the thin covering of earth is readily swept away .

Spain did not become a great mercantile nation because she failed as a naval power to retain political control of her great empire , and as a producer to supply cheap goods .
spain did not become a great mercantile nation because she failed as a naval power to [keep] political control of her great empire , and as a producer to supply cheap goods .

Already , after the American War of Independence , Aranda had argued that to retain any sort of hold in America , Spain must abandon the old theory of Empire and set up local independent Bourbon thrones or even slough off Peru .
already , after the american war of independence , aranda had argued that to [keep] any sort of hold in america , spain must abandon the old theory of empire and set up local independent bourbon thrones or even slough off peru .

Gold and silver owe their nobility to the fact that unlike the base metals they retain their brightness and lustre for an indefinite period in a pure atmosphere .
gold and silver owe their nobility to the fact that unlike the base metals they [keep] their brightness and lustre for an indefinite period in a pure atmosphere .

It was the manifest failure of the Bolsheviks to retain the confidence of the masses , their resort to brutal coercion , which enabled the openly reactionary Whites to come so close to overthrowing them .
it was the manifest failure of the bolsheviks to [keep] the confidence of the masses , their resort to brutal coercion , which enabled the openly reactionary whites to come so close to overthrowing them .

With a greatly reduced Government majority in the Commons , there is one individual the Prime Minister must retain on his side at all cost .
with a greatly reduced government majority in the commons , there is one individual the prime minister must [keep] on his side at all cost .

It also follows that , although offenders do forfeit some portion of the rights citizens should normally enjoy , they still retain the status of human beings and therefore retain important human rights ( Richardson , 1995 ) — a point on which we are closer to some retributivist thinkers than to classical utilitarianism .
it also follows that , although offenders do forfeit some portion of the rights citizens should normally enjoy , they still [keep] the status of human beings and therefore [keep] important human rights ( richardson , 1995 ) — a point on which we are closer to some retributivist thinkers than to classical utilitarianism .

It is difficult to see how , on this account , the economy is supposed to retain its ultimately determining role .
it is difficult to see how , on this account , the economy is supposed to [keep] its ultimately determining role .

Your murder , too — and this you will probably , but not certainly , need to retain to hold your readers ' interest — will no longer , of course , be an affair of the poisoned ice-dart but some quite straightforward killing , or even half-killing .
your murder , too — and this you will probably , but not certainly , need to [keep] to hold your readers ' interest — will no longer , of course , be an affair of the poisoned ice-dart but some quite straightforward killing , or even half-killing .

This made her late with the lunch , and at the table she found the young men impossible to talk to because she was trying to retain the lines of what she had prepared to say .
this made her late with the lunch , and at the table she found the young men impossible to talk to because she was trying to [keep] the lines of what she had prepared to say .

Between these a great deal happened to influence policies and to give them a character they often retain .
between these a great deal happened to influence policies and to give them a character they often [keep] .

In the 1950s Keynesian economic management techniques were employed to try to retain full employment without inflation .
in the 1950s keynesian economic management techniques were employed to try to [keep] full employment without inflation .

In addition to the provision already described , some authorities still retain some of the older-type large homes and several run residential nurseries .
in addition to the provision already described , some authorities still [keep] some of the older-type large homes and several run residential nurseries .

Most sheltered housing schemes are extremely successful and together with the domiciliary services allow some old people to retain their independence and their interest in life .
most sheltered housing schemes are extremely successful and together with the domiciliary services allow some old people to [keep] their independence and their interest in life .

As part of the growing concept of community care , spelt out in the 1963 Health and Welfare : the Development of Community Care plans , many authorities have recognized that the physically disabled , like the elderly , usually want to retain their independence and avoid entering homes as long as possible .
as part of the growing concept of community care , spelt out in the 1963 health and welfare : the development of community care plans , many authorities have recognized that the physically disabled , like the elderly , usually want to [keep] their independence and avoid entering homes as long as possible .

The attempt now is to provide care on a community rather than an institutional basis , on the assumption that it is good to retain the mentally disordered within the community as far as possible and help to rehabilitate and reintegrate those who have had to go into hospitals for treatment .
the attempt now is to provide care on a community rather than an institutional basis , on the assumption that it is good to [keep] the mentally disordered within the community as far as possible and help to rehabilitate and reintegrate those who have had to go into hospitals for treatment .

Psychiatric social workers work with doctors , obtaining reports on the patients ' home situation and helping patients retain contact with the outside world .
psychiatric social workers work with doctors , obtaining reports on the patients ' home situation and helping patients [keep] contact with the outside world .

We hope that you will always enjoy life together , a very long and happy life together , and that you will always retain the enthusiasm of this new start , and remember the joy and delight of finding each other , which is so evident today .
we hope that you will always enjoy life together , a very long and happy life together , and that you will always [keep] the enthusiasm of this new start , and remember the joy and delight of finding each other , which is so evident today .

And that you will always retain the enthusiasm of this new start , and remember the joy and delight of finding each other , which is so evident today .
and that you will always [keep] the enthusiasm of this new start , and remember the joy and delight of finding each other , which is so evident today .

Fourthly , carers who were managing to retain full-time jobs often spent a considerable amount of money each week on substitute care , it statutory day care services were not adequate .
fourthly , carers who were managing to [keep] full-time jobs often spent a considerable amount of money each week on substitute care , it statutory day care services were not adequate .

Employers were content to retain a cadre of single women who could supervise other women , though once into their fifties such women were at risk of being construed as ‘ too old ’ .
employers were content to [keep] a cadre of single women who could supervise other women , though once into their fifties such women were at risk of being construed as ‘ too old ’ .

Meanwhile , for men , such provision was a well-established device used to attract and retain competent male employees .
meanwhile , for men , such provision was a well-established device used to attract and [keep] competent male employees .

You write to the publisher of What Personal Computer , summarizing the situation not later than three months from the official on sale date of the publication ( please retain proof of payment ) .
you write to the publisher of what personal computer , summarizing the situation not later than three months from the official on sale date of the publication ( please [keep] proof of payment ) .

Many practices are worried that only by taking a fund can they retain some independence from what they fear may be increasingly arbitrary or incomplete control by the family health services authority or its eventual successor .
many practices are worried that only by taking a fund can they [keep] some independence from what they fear may be increasingly arbitrary or incomplete control by the family health services authority or its eventual successor .

Also a very large proportion retain strong links with hospitals .
also a very large proportion [keep] strong links with hospitals .

The great revolutionary writer must retain the sophisticated literary qualities of Dostoievsky , whilst acceding to the clear-sighted political qualities of Lenin .
the great revolutionary writer must [keep] the sophisticated literary qualities of dostoievsky , whilst acceding to the clear-sighted political qualities of lenin .

Concerned with Soviet security he wished to retain the territorial gains made under his pact with Hitler .
concerned with soviet security he wished to [keep] the territorial gains made under his pact with hitler .

In bed he was further surprised to discover that a person capable of such mental sophistication could retain a physical side more typical of a child of eight .
in bed he was further surprised to discover that a person capable of such mental sophistication could [keep] a physical side more typical of a child of eight .

Blom-Cooper and Drewry concluded that there was a role for the House of Lords and argued that the House of Lords was neither unfitted to retain its present judicial role nor prohibitively expensive to use .
blom-cooper and drewry concluded that there was a role for the house of lords and argued that the house of lords was neither unfitted to [keep] its present judicial role nor prohibitively expensive to use .

Commercial considerations should not alone determine the future supply of legal services and the profession should retain only those rules which are ‘ essential for the maintenance of professional standards in the public interest ’ .
commercial considerations should not alone determine the future supply of legal services and the profession should [keep] only those rules which are ‘ essential for the maintenance of professional standards in the public interest ’ .

The solicitor gives advice and has the conduct of the business of the client from day to day and will retain a barrister to carry out a specific task in handling the client 's business .
the solicitor gives advice and has the conduct of the business of the client from day to day and will [keep] a barrister to carry out a specific task in handling the client 's business .

Some of these livings they were certainly granted by the influence of English churchmen and the king , eager to retain representatives at the Curia , but the majority seem to have been acquired through papal provision : the pope was remunerating his servants out of the English church 's endowments , much to the growing fury of English patrons and politicians .
some of these livings they were certainly granted by the influence of english churchmen and the king , eager to [keep] representatives at the curia , but the majority seem to have been acquired through papal provision : the pope was remunerating his servants out of the english church 's endowments , much to the growing fury of english patrons and politicians .

From our discussion of the spatio-temporal co-ordinates which seem , in principle , peculiarly accessible to standard specification , it must be obvious first , that deictic expressions may retain a standard deictic centre but must be interpreted with respect to the content of the utterance in which they occur and , second , that the relevant standard temporal description of an utterance , for instance 9.22 a.m. on Tuesday 28 June 1873 , as opposed to in the late nineteenth century , will vary depending on the knowledge and intention of the analyst ( or speaker ) in referring to the utterance as located in time .
from our discussion of the spatio-temporal co-ordinates which seem , in principle , peculiarly accessible to standard specification , it must be obvious first , that deictic expressions may [keep] a standard deictic centre but must be interpreted with respect to the content of the utterance in which they occur and , second , that the relevant standard temporal description of an utterance , for instance 9.22 a.m. on tuesday 28 june 1873 , as opposed to in the late nineteenth century , will vary depending on the knowledge and intention of the analyst ( or speaker ) in referring to the utterance as located in time .

Chilling , not overheating , has become the danger , so the male opens up the mound during the day to make the most of the waning sun , and covers it over again at night to retain what warmth it has .
chilling , not overheating , has become the danger , so the male opens up the mound during the day to make the most of the waning sun , and covers it over again at night to [keep] what warmth it has .

With such an effective way of victualling her young , the mother is able to retain them within her until they are so big that their sheer size makes them a burden and the mechanics of getting them out of her body becomes a real problem .
with such an effective way of victualling her young , the mother is able to [keep] them within her until they are so big that their sheer size makes them a burden and the mechanics of getting them out of her body becomes a real problem .

This was Pathfinders to Mars , a six-episode production , again by Messrs Hulke and Paice , which opted for prerecording in a bid to retain the sanity of Director Guy Verney .
this was pathfinders to mars , a six-episode production , again by messrs hulke and paice , which opted for prerecording in a bid to [keep] the sanity of director guy verney .

Virgin did , none the less , retain all rights on the Sex Pistols ' , and Sid Vicious 's , work for the full duration of the copyright laws , to be exploited as the company saw fit .
virgin did , none the less , [keep] all rights on the sex pistols ' , and sid vicious 's , work for the full duration of the copyright laws , to be exploited as the company saw fit .

It would not , in my opinion , be open to an investor to retain the purchased shares and , under section 5 , to claim back the purchase money less the financial value of the retained shares .
it would not , in my opinion , be open to an investor to [keep] the purchased shares and , under section 5 , to claim back the purchase money less the financial value of the retained shares .

So the first defendant was entitled to ‘ all costs charges and expenses … on a full indemnity basis ’ and the receivers were entitled to retain out of the mortgaged property their remuneration as fixed by the first defendant .
so the first defendant was entitled to ‘ all costs charges and expenses … on a full indemnity basis ’ and the receivers were entitled to [keep] out of the mortgaged property their remuneration as fixed by the first defendant .

There is an issue between the plaintiffs and the defendants as to whether the contractual provisions to which we have referred entitle the receivers to retain out of the moneys they have received ‘ costs , charges and expenses ’ which are of an unreasonable amount or which have been unreasonably incurred .
there is an issue between the plaintiffs and the defendants as to whether the contractual provisions to which we have referred entitle the receivers to [keep] out of the moneys they have received ‘ costs , charges and expenses ’ which are of an unreasonable amount or which have been unreasonably incurred .

The contractual right of the defendants to retain out of the moneys in hand a sum in respect of costs disallowed on the standard basis taxation is in issue .
the contractual right of the defendants to [keep] out of the moneys in hand a sum in respect of costs disallowed on the standard basis taxation is in issue .

Note 62/3/2 in The Supreme Court Practice 1991 explains that rule 3(2) only applies to a right of a party to recover costs ‘ from any other party to the proceedings ’ and will not apply to the right of a mortgagee to retain costs out of a mortgaged property on redemption or to any other contractual right to costs out of a fund or from persons who are not parties to the proceedings .
note 62/3/2 in the supreme court practice 1991 explains that rule 3(2) only applies to a right of a party to recover costs ‘ from any other party to the proceedings ’ and will not apply to the right of a mortgagee to [keep] costs out of a mortgaged property on redemption or to any other contractual right to costs out of a fund or from persons who are not parties to the proceedings .

The defendants contend that their contractual right to indemnity costs entitles them to recover or retain all costs actually incurred save only those that are incurred otherwise than bona fide or are incurred for an improper motive .
the defendants contend that their contractual right to indemnity costs entitles them to recover or [keep] all costs actually incurred save only those that are incurred otherwise than bona fide or are incurred for an improper motive .

The question is whether , on their true construction , these clauses entitle the defendants to retain out of the fund that now represents the mortgaged property costs , charges or expenses which have been unreasonably incurred or which are unreasonable in amount .
the question is whether , on their true construction , these clauses entitle the defendants to [keep] out of the fund that now represents the mortgaged property costs , charges or expenses which have been unreasonably incurred or which are unreasonable in amount .

The language used does , in our opinion , justify an approach that would hold the mortgagee prima facie entitled to recover or retain the full amount of its actual costs , charges and expenses ; but the language leaves open , in our opinion , the right of the mortgagor to have excluded any costs , charges and expenses that were incurred in bad faith or were unreasonably incurred or were unreasonable in amount .
the language used does , in our opinion , justify an approach that would hold the mortgagee prima facie entitled to recover or [keep] the full amount of its actual costs , charges and expenses ; but the language leaves open , in our opinion , the right of the mortgagor to have excluded any costs , charges and expenses that were incurred in bad faith or were unreasonably incurred or were unreasonable in amount .

In the present case the defendants are contractually entitled to recover or retain their costs charges and expenses on an indemnity basis .
in the present case the defendants are contractually entitled to recover or [keep] their costs charges and expenses on an indemnity basis .

Nor , in our opinion , does it affect the contractual or equitable right of a mortgagee to retain his costs out of the mortgaged property .
nor , in our opinion , does it affect the contractual or equitable right of a mortgagee to [keep] his costs out of the mortgaged property .

( 1 ) The defendants have a contractual right to retain out of the mortgage funds in hand their costs , charges and expenses , including the receivers ' remuneration , on an indemnity basis .
( 1 ) the defendants have a contractual right to [keep] out of the mortgage funds in hand their costs , charges and expenses , including the receivers ' remuneration , on an indemnity basis .

Lord Bridge of Harwich , having reviewed two 19th century cases which decided that a trustee in bankruptcy was not entitled to retain moneys paid to him under a mistake of law said , at pp .
lord bridge of harwich , having reviewed two 19th century cases which decided that a trustee in bankruptcy was not entitled to [keep] moneys paid to him under a mistake of law said , at pp .

In principle the appellants should not be permitted to retain payments for which they have no warrant to charge .
in principle the appellants should not be permitted to [keep] payments for which they have no warrant to charge .

‘ the broader consideration that Parliament must have intended rating authorities to act in the same high principled way expected by the court of its own officers and not to retain rates paid under a mistake of law , or … upon an erroneous valuation , unless there were , as Parliament must have contemplated there might be in some cases , special circumstances in which a particular overpayment was made such as to justify retention of the whole or part of the amount overpaid .
‘ the broader consideration that parliament must have intended rating authorities to act in the same high principled way expected by the court of its own officers and not to [keep] rates paid under a mistake of law , or … upon an erroneous valuation , unless there were , as parliament must have contemplated there might be in some cases , special circumstances in which a particular overpayment was made such as to justify retention of the whole or part of the amount overpaid .

We know from the signed statement of the Secretary of State for Transport withdrawing the ‘ explosive device ’ certificate of public interest immunity , and would in any event have assumed in the absence of evidence to the contrary , that ‘ the Ministry of Defence retain the documents relating to Dr. Hayes ' work in respect of the Lockerbie air disaster .
we know from the signed statement of the secretary of state for transport withdrawing the ‘ explosive device ’ certificate of public interest immunity , and would in any event have assumed in the absence of evidence to the contrary , that ‘ the ministry of defence [keep] the documents relating to dr. hayes ' work in respect of the lockerbie air disaster .

If the creditor had , before the commencement of the bankruptcy , issued execution against the debtor 's goods or attached a debt due to him , that creditor is not entitled to retain the benefit of his execution or attachment unless the execution or attachment had been completed before the commencement of the bankruptcy ( s 346 ( 1 ) ) .
if the creditor had , before the commencement of the bankruptcy , issued execution against the debtor 's goods or attached a debt due to him , that creditor is not entitled to [keep] the benefit of his execution or attachment unless the execution or attachment had been completed before the commencement of the bankruptcy ( s 346 ( 1 ) ) .

If they desired that the should stay and that the crown should retain the powers given to it by the constitution he should be informed .
if they desired that the should stay and that the crown should [keep] the powers given to it by the constitution he should be informed .

However , through the very complex and bureaucratic way that art was financed , those in charge of ‘ cultural development ’ managed to retain a level of control .
however , through the very complex and bureaucratic way that art was financed , those in charge of ‘ cultural development ’ managed to [keep] a level of control .

Techniques do not " date " or become obsolete ; you should retain this manual for reference and refresher study as well as using it for your initial training .
techniques do not " date " or become obsolete ; you should [keep] this manual for reference and refresher study as well as using it for your initial training .

In speaking of the ‘ Spirit of the Lord ’ the Old Testament writers significantly retain this emphasis on God 's violent invasion from outside our experience , disturbing and mysterious like the wind .
in speaking of the ‘ spirit of the lord ’ the old testament writers significantly [keep] this emphasis on god 's violent invasion from outside our experience , disturbing and mysterious like the wind .

However , since experience is person-centred the enterprise will have to reward and retain the loyalty of those company specialists or managers who have built up this expertise .
however , since experience is person-centred the enterprise will have to reward and [keep] the loyalty of those company specialists or managers who have built up this expertise .

Both families will retain some influence over Phil and Maggie .
both families will [keep] some influence over phil and maggie .

They might see it as better to take-over their main supplier , even if it means that company losing some existing orders from competing manufacturers of food products ; * buyers may deliberately seek international suppliers , so as to maintain their choice and retain some degree of control over the prices and terms of supply .
they might see it as better to take-over their main supplier , even if it means that company losing some existing orders from competing manufacturers of food products ; * buyers may deliberately seek international suppliers , so as to maintain their choice and [keep] some degree of control over the prices and terms of supply .

Yet , he still somehow manages to listen to virtually everything that 's sent in and retain the same enthusiasm for music that has been with him through his 23 years at Radio 1 .
yet , he still somehow manages to listen to virtually everything that 's sent in and [keep] the same enthusiasm for music that has been with him through his 23 years at radio 1 .

If the Minister wants to retain this unitary Parliament , he had better start looking at the ways in which he can secure the rights of the people affected .
if the minister wants to [keep] this unitary parliament , he had better start looking at the ways in which he can secure the rights of the people affected .

The grid states nothing about the degree to which investment is necessary to retain star position or sufficient to build competitive advantage .
the grid states nothing about the degree to which investment is necessary to [keep] star position or sufficient to build competitive advantage .

The ensuing breach upset Laura , who missed having her eldest son at home and was constantly trying to find ways to retain as much contact with him as possible .
the ensuing breach upset laura , who missed having her eldest son at home and was constantly trying to find ways to [keep] as much contact with him as possible .

However , this move was over-ruled by the Secretary of State for Wales on the grounds that it was important to allow the Sixth Form College to retain its identity .
however , this move was over-ruled by the secretary of state for wales on the grounds that it was important to allow the sixth form college to [keep] its identity .

It is most commonly woven into textured or pile fabrics and it has an advantage over wool in that when washed correctly ( without too much heat ) it will retain its shape , drip dry and need little ironing .
it is most commonly woven into textured or pile fabrics and it has an advantage over wool in that when washed correctly ( without too much heat ) it will [keep] its shape , drip dry and need little ironing .

The heavy , crude outlines are now no longer broken and sporadic as they were in some of his most characteristically Fauve works , and every shape is carefully and fully outlined ; only a certain emphasis on the oval forms of the foliage , and a few touches of arbitrary colour retain any flavour of Fauvism .
the heavy , crude outlines are now no longer broken and sporadic as they were in some of his most characteristically fauve works , and every shape is carefully and fully outlined ; only a certain emphasis on the oval forms of the foliage , and a few touches of arbitrary colour [keep] any flavour of fauvism .

However , in the more elaborate and sophisticated paintings of the series , the influence of Cézanne can be sensed in the general construction , in the technique of small , flat , rhythmically applied brush-strokes which build up the forms , and in the devices which Picasso has used to retain the picture plane .
however , in the more elaborate and sophisticated paintings of the series , the influence of cézanne can be sensed in the general construction , in the technique of small , flat , rhythmically applied brush-strokes which build up the forms , and in the devices which picasso has used to [keep] the picture plane .

This refers to the ability of a group to retain the loyalty of its members and to attract new members .
this refers to the ability of a group to [keep] the loyalty of its members and to attract new members .

Davy at the end of his life remarked that the service of the laboratory was a service of danger ; that few chemists could expect to retain a quick eye and a steady hand for very long , and would have to rely on the hands and eyes of assistants .
davy at the end of his life remarked that the service of the laboratory was a service of danger ; that few chemists could expect to [keep] a quick eye and a steady hand for very long , and would have to rely on the hands and eyes of assistants .

Some see such intervention as heralding the end of elected local government but , as Goldsmith ( 1986 , p. xiv ) observes : ‘ Britain has not become a totally centralized state , nor is central government 's control over local authorities ’ activities yet total … British local authorities still retain considerable discretion over the way in which they run their services and the level of service they provide ' .
some see such intervention as heralding the end of elected local government but , as goldsmith ( 1986 , p. xiv ) observes : ‘ britain has not become a totally centralized state , nor is central government 's control over local authorities ’ activities yet total … british local authorities still [keep] considerable discretion over the way in which they run their services and the level of service they provide ' .

Following reorganization the Labour-controlled Tameside Metropolitan District made arrangements for the introduction of comprehensive education , but in May 1976 , shortly before the changeover was scheduled , the Conservatives won control of the local authority and they were pledged to retain some grammar schools .
following reorganization the labour-controlled tameside metropolitan district made arrangements for the introduction of comprehensive education , but in may 1976 , shortly before the changeover was scheduled , the conservatives won control of the local authority and they were pledged to [keep] some grammar schools .

Since these writers retain a belief that the capitalist economic system throws up a responsive liberal-democratic and pluralistic political system , these theorists must always first explain why it is that the military-industrial complex has come about .
since these writers [keep] a belief that the capitalist economic system throws up a responsive liberal-democratic and pluralistic political system , these theorists must always first explain why it is that the military-industrial complex has come about .

Antibodies are proteins which , once synthesized by cells of the immune system to counter and inactivate ‘ foreign ’ molecules , enable the body to retain the ‘ memory , for the intruder and hence the capacity rapidly to inactivate it on subsequent invasion .
antibodies are proteins which , once synthesized by cells of the immune system to counter and inactivate ‘ foreign ’ molecules , enable the body to [keep] the ‘ memory , for the intruder and hence the capacity rapidly to inactivate it on subsequent invasion .

If soft enough to show footprints and vehicle tracks , they retain them for many years .
if soft enough to show footprints and vehicle tracks , they [keep] them for many years .

Large lakes thaw round the edges but tend to retain a core of ice in summer ; in consequence their waters never warm far above freezing point .
large lakes thaw round the edges but tend to [keep] a core of ice in summer ; in consequence their waters never warm far above freezing point .

Surface waters retain few algae from the summer crop ; there is little light , and the amount present is insufficient to stimulate the cells to division .
surface waters [keep] few algae from the summer crop ; there is little light , and the amount present is insufficient to stimulate the cells to division .

They retain a common language and are developing a political awareness that may ultimately unite them into a distinct western Arctic nation .
they [keep] a common language and are developing a political awareness that may ultimately unite them into a distinct western arctic nation .

The need to retain the primacy of the professional advisory function is surely paramount , and the Authority might well wish to find ways of reducing the administrative burden on advisory staff .
the need to [keep] the primacy of the professional advisory function is surely paramount , and the authority might well wish to find ways of reducing the administrative burden on advisory staff .

However , while current challenges facing primary schools demand greater delegation and role specialization than hitherto , it is essential that schools avoid the trap of over-bureaucratization , and that they seek to retain and nurture the close informal collaboration which has always been an essential ingredient in effective school management .
however , while current challenges facing primary schools demand greater delegation and role specialization than hitherto , it is essential that schools avoid the trap of over-bureaucratization , and that they seek to [keep] and nurture the close informal collaboration which has always been an essential ingredient in effective school management .

The newer , smaller , spontaneous groups — of parents with mentally handicapped children , for example must be voluntary and self-help to retain their independence and to enable them to build the self-respect of their members .
the newer , smaller , spontaneous groups — of parents with mentally handicapped children , for example must be voluntary and self-help to [keep] their independence and to enable them to build the self-respect of their members .

He maintained that Latin America had already been drawn into the capitalist system in a dependent role , and that the activities of imperialism would ensure that it would retain this colonial status .
he maintained that latin america had already been drawn into the capitalist system in a dependent role , and that the activities of imperialism would ensure that it would [keep] this colonial status .

In front of plantings and good dirt , retain
in front of plantings and good dirt , [keep]

Fellows , who will be expected to be of PhD status and/or to have an appropriate track record , retain their permanent employment so that their salary position and superannuation arrangements are undisturbed by the secondment .
fellows , who will be expected to be of phd status and/or to have an appropriate track record , [keep] their permanent employment so that their salary position and superannuation arrangements are undisturbed by the secondment .

Add red lentils and cook for a further 10 minutes until they are tender but still retain their shape .
add red lentils and cook for a further 10 minutes until they are tender but still [keep] their shape .

Strain the liquid through a colander covered with muslin , and retain the liquid .
strain the liquid through a colander covered with muslin , and [keep] the liquid .

Strain excessive liquid into a pan and retain the mushrooms and liquid for later use .
strain excessive liquid into a pan and [keep] the mushrooms and liquid for later use .

Indeed , two of the three are offering a consultancy service to local authorities to help them to retain control of the service .
indeed , two of the three are offering a consultancy service to local authorities to help them to [keep] control of the service .

The voluntary movement seems determined to retain its traditional role , and the government is apparently relying upon it to do so .
the voluntary movement seems determined to [keep] its traditional role , and the government is apparently relying upon it to do so .

Among the more important requirements are : the demonstration of management skills and financial viability ; commitment to equal opportunities policies ; the provision of full information to tenants and the Corporation ; an agreement to retain dwellings acquired as a Tenants ' Choice landlord for letting at rents within the reach of those in low-paid employment ; compliance with the terms of the Housing Corporation 's guidance on the management of Tenants ' Choice dwellings .
among the more important requirements are : the demonstration of management skills and financial viability ; commitment to equal opportunities policies ; the provision of full information to tenants and the corporation ; an agreement to [keep] dwellings acquired as a tenants ' choice landlord for letting at rents within the reach of those in low-paid employment ; compliance with the terms of the housing corporation 's guidance on the management of tenants ' choice dwellings .

Local authorities are to retain overall control of community care services , but they are to be responsible for planning , finance and regulation rather than direct provision .
local authorities are to [keep] overall control of community care services , but they are to be responsible for planning , finance and regulation rather than direct provision .

Made from rust-proof aluminium , it will retain heat and is suitable for both gas and charcoal barbecues .
made from rust-proof aluminium , it will [keep] heat and is suitable for both gas and charcoal barbecues .

But today 's guides retain their individuality in an age when individuality is a rare quality .
but today 's guides [keep] their individuality in an age when individuality is a rare quality .

Each health authority will retain some money to pay for referrals by GPs to hospitals which are not covered by existing agreements on services .
each health authority will [keep] some money to pay for referrals by gps to hospitals which are not covered by existing agreements on services .

The Gulf war could be described as the struggle for control of the post-cold war world order — a bid to retain American leadership , to establish a form of political regulation of the post-Fordist world economy that retains the Fordist political institutions .
the gulf war could be described as the struggle for control of the post-cold war world order — a bid to [keep] american leadership , to establish a form of political regulation of the post-fordist world economy that retains the fordist political institutions .

In effect , Washington seems to want to retain a cohesive ‘ Western ’ view , in which the United States and Europe are seen to act in concert , even though the cold war has formally ended .
in effect , washington seems to want to [keep] a cohesive ‘ western ’ view , in which the united states and europe are seen to act in concert , even though the cold war has formally ended .

He concluded : ‘ But in my judgment the powers to seize and retain are conferred for the better performances of public functions by public bodies and can not be used to make information available to private individuals for their private purposes .
he concluded : ‘ but in my judgment the powers to seize and [keep] are conferred for the better performances of public functions by public bodies and can not be used to make information available to private individuals for their private purposes .

Should further credit be refused ? or should we acquiesce in this involuntary trade credit to retain business ?
should further credit be refused ? or should we acquiesce in this involuntary trade credit to [keep] business ?

Cooked whole , with their skins pretty much intact , potatoes retain much of their vitamin value .
cooked whole , with their skins pretty much intact , potatoes [keep] much of their vitamin value .

The Prime Minister then made one of her dynamic speeches , in which she referred to the collapse of Communism in Eastern Europe , but she warned that , to retain our freedom , we must maintain an enduring defence system .
the prime minister then made one of her dynamic speeches , in which she referred to the collapse of communism in eastern europe , but she warned that , to [keep] our freedom , we must maintain an enduring defence system .

He would want to distance himself and Ramsey in horror from any possibility of having harboured a murderer , but while the possibility still remained of profiting by a theft , holy or unholy , he would want to retain the appearance of valuing and believing in the thief .
he would want to distance himself and ramsey in horror from any possibility of having harboured a murderer , but while the possibility still remained of profiting by a theft , holy or unholy , he would want to [keep] the appearance of valuing and believing in the thief .

Nevertheless , photographs had been taken ; there had been a deliberate attempt to record , to retain .
nevertheless , photographs had been taken ; there had been a deliberate attempt to record , to [keep] .

They wanted a model which reflected their need to retain control of their own affairs as individuals and their concern not to allow any cosmetic compromises .
they wanted a model which reflected their need to [keep] control of their own affairs as individuals and their concern not to allow any cosmetic compromises .

What remained of the gardens was now given over to the university 's botany department , and so the building had been able to retain much of its outward character .
what remained of the gardens was now given over to the university 's botany department , and so the building had been able to [keep] much of its outward character .

‘ We , ’ said Lili , ‘ have just managed to force down sufficient amounts of fresh veg and protein to retain some shapeliness and complexion . ’
‘ we , ’ said lili , ‘ have just managed to force down sufficient amounts of fresh veg and protein to [keep] some shapeliness and complexion . ’

When he spoke again , it was as if he was fighting with something within ; fighting to retain control of his humanity .
when he spoke again , it was as if he was fighting with something within ; fighting to [keep] control of his humanity .

Evil places were said to retain an aura of Evil and , from what she had learned of this place from Mahoney , if ever that aura was present then it would dwell easily here .
evil places were said to [keep] an aura of evil and , from what she had learned of this place from mahoney , if ever that aura was present then it would dwell easily here .

To retain enthusiasm in the face of difficulties , we must receive respect for our tears and complaints in childhood and be helped to renew hope when facing difficulties .
to [keep] enthusiasm in the face of difficulties , we must receive respect for our tears and complaints in childhood and be helped to renew hope when facing difficulties .

Any culture , because it has to retain traditional customs and beliefs , has to be in a sense a conservative institution .
any culture , because it has to [keep] traditional customs and beliefs , has to be in a sense a conservative institution .

We can still retain the conceptual distinction ; we can say that academic autonomy is descriptive of the relationship between the institution and the state , while academic freedom characterizes the institutionalized accountability of the individual academic .
we can still [keep] the conceptual distinction ; we can say that academic autonomy is descriptive of the relationship between the institution and the state , while academic freedom characterizes the institutionalized accountability of the individual academic .

Similarly , graphics files should be able to retain their formats and display an accurate representation of their content either when viewed on the screen or printed on the page .
similarly , graphics files should be able to [keep] their formats and display an accurate representation of their content either when viewed on the screen or printed on the page .

For a large part of their career , employees retain the same job status and pay , and are not promoted .
for a large part of their career , employees [keep] the same job status and pay , and are not promoted .

Some managers believe that they would lose touch with their department ( both workload and staff ) unless they retain some routine tasks .
some managers believe that they would lose touch with their department ( both workload and staff ) unless they [keep] some routine tasks .

Superiors are reluctant to delegate authority because they retain absolute responsibility for the performance of their subordinates .
superiors are reluctant to delegate authority because they [keep] absolute responsibility for the performance of their subordinates .

Not many years ago , with income tax ranging up to 98 % , and death duties on legacies as much as 75 % a testator 's family was allowed to retain only 0.5 % of the fruits of his labour .
not many years ago , with income tax ranging up to 98 % , and death duties on legacies as much as 75 % a testator 's family was allowed to [keep] only 0.5 % of the fruits of his labour .

Above all , if we are to retain our position in the world league , all internal taxes must be designed so as not to adversely affect the price of our goods abroad .
above all , if we are to [keep] our position in the world league , all internal taxes must be designed so as not to adversely affect the price of our goods abroad .

That is not to say that reasonable protection from development should not be given to particular areas , for it is important to retain the character of the land and to ensure that all tastes are catered for : For instance , some people like to climb dangerous rocks in pouring rain .
that is not to say that reasonable protection from development should not be given to particular areas , for it is important to [keep] the character of the land and to ensure that all tastes are catered for : for instance , some people like to climb dangerous rocks in pouring rain .

Unlike many recusant families the Talbots had managed to retain most of their landed estates and for centuries they were the most important landowners in the midlands .
unlike many recusant families the talbots had managed to [keep] most of their landed estates and for centuries they were the most important landowners in the midlands .

Through her travels and writings ( which included a novel , Maid of Sark , in 1939 and an autobiography , Dame of Sark , 1961 ) and television , radio , and press interviews , her island became known worldwide and its subsequent prosperity owed much to her determination to retain its unique laws and peaceful atmosphere , unpolluted by cars or aeroplanes .
through her travels and writings ( which included a novel , maid of sark , in 1939 and an autobiography , dame of sark , 1961 ) and television , radio , and press interviews , her island became known worldwide and its subsequent prosperity owed much to her determination to [keep] its unique laws and peaceful atmosphere , unpolluted by cars or aeroplanes .

At the Restoration his ex-church and ex-crown lands and those belonging to the Butler ( Ormonde ) family in Ireland were all forfeit , but he managed to retain other Irish interests , through the friendship and protection of the first Baron Kingston , who as Sir John King [ q.v . ]
at the restoration his ex-church and ex-crown lands and those belonging to the butler ( ormonde ) family in ireland were all forfeit , but he managed to [keep] other irish interests , through the friendship and protection of the first baron kingston , who as sir john king [ q.v . ]

In 1640 he was given the minor office of master of the Posts , but did not retain it beyond 1641 , at the end of which year he suffered a short spell of prison for alleged defiance of a parliamentary order .
in 1640 he was given the minor office of master of the posts , but did not [keep] it beyond 1641 , at the end of which year he suffered a short spell of prison for alleged defiance of a parliamentary order .

, his reputation became established earlier , though his work did not retain the same general literary esteem .
, his reputation became established earlier , though his work did not [keep] the same general literary esteem .

James was his brother 's obvious successor in both posts , but Archibald announced first that for the moment he would himself retain control of the Scottish survey and second that he would not sanction the holding of the Murchison chair by any survey geologist .
james was his brother 's obvious successor in both posts , but archibald announced first that for the moment he would himself [keep] control of the scottish survey and second that he would not sanction the holding of the murchison chair by any survey geologist .

Pye 's very lukewarm support for the parliamentarian side in the civil war may seem to have owed more to his determination to retain his office than to any principled convictions .
pye 's very lukewarm support for the parliamentarian side in the civil war may seem to have owed more to his determination to [keep] his office than to any principled convictions .

But to a remarkable extent Kilvert succeeded in turning its limitations — its narrow range of vision and the naïvety of his own judgements — into advantages , to give it a vividness and a simplicity shared by few similar journals ; and it seems likely that it will retain its place as at once a major document of Victorian rural life and a minor but moving work of literature .
but to a remarkable extent kilvert succeeded in turning its limitations — its narrow range of vision and the naïvety of his own judgements — into advantages , to give it a vividness and a simplicity shared by few similar journals ; and it seems likely that it will [keep] its place as at once a major document of victorian rural life and a minor but moving work of literature .

If , however there are trustees , the legal mortgage can be vested in them , on trust for the beneficiary debentureholders , and the trustees retain custody of the title deeds .
if , however there are trustees , the legal mortgage can be vested in them , on trust for the beneficiary debentureholders , and the trustees [keep] custody of the title deeds .

The first arises because at stage ( 2 ) delivery of the documents may not necessarily be matched by payment of the full price ; the agreement may have provided for payment by instalments and the seller will then retain a lien on the shares as an unpaid seller .
the first arises because at stage ( 2 ) delivery of the documents may not necessarily be matched by payment of the full price ; the agreement may have provided for payment by instalments and the seller will then [keep] a lien on the shares as an unpaid seller .

It would be tempting to say that , when there is a floating charge , ‘ jeopardy ’ should be assumed whenever the circumstances make it unreasonable , in the interests of the debentureholder , that the company should retain power to dispose of the property subject to the charge .
it would be tempting to say that , when there is a floating charge , ‘ jeopardy ’ should be assumed whenever the circumstances make it unreasonable , in the interests of the debentureholder , that the company should [keep] power to dispose of the property subject to the charge .

Fish likewise require as much sunlight as possible if they are to retain their brilliant colours and make satisfactory growth , although they do appreciate a shady corner in which to glide during the heat of a summer 's day .
fish likewise require as much sunlight as possible if they are to [keep] their brilliant colours and make satisfactory growth , although they do appreciate a shady corner in which to glide during the heat of a summer 's day .

3 ( b ) Having rammed the soil down firmly to ensure a firm base , a layer of heavy-gauge builder 's polythene is used to line the excavation as a safety precaution against leaking and also to help retain moisture within the setting concrete so that it dries as slowly as possible .
3 ( b ) having rammed the soil down firmly to ensure a firm base , a layer of heavy-gauge builder 's polythene is used to line the excavation as a safety precaution against leaking and also to help [keep] moisture within the setting concrete so that it dries as slowly as possible .

This can be either above or below the pool water level , but , when above , a foot valve and strainer must be used on the suction tube to retain the prime .
this can be either above or below the pool water level , but , when above , a foot valve and strainer must be used on the suction tube to [keep] the prime .

The rocks or stones at the pool boundary retain the bog-garden soil yet allow water to percolate through from the pool .
the rocks or stones at the pool boundary [keep] the bog-garden soil yet allow water to percolate through from the pool .

As economic circumstances and social conditions change , the parties too must change if they are to retain the confidence of enough voters to achieve office .
as economic circumstances and social conditions change , the parties too must change if they are to [keep] the confidence of enough voters to achieve office .

Where contact with the organized public is necessary or unavoidable , steps are taken to retain the organizational initiative in the hands of the governmental authorities as far as possible , and to associate with people of like attitude rather than with those who are considered to be ‘ uncooperative ’ , ‘ militant ’ , ‘ extremist ’ for example .
where contact with the organized public is necessary or unavoidable , steps are taken to [keep] the organizational initiative in the hands of the governmental authorities as far as possible , and to associate with people of like attitude rather than with those who are considered to be ‘ uncooperative ’ , ‘ militant ’ , ‘ extremist ’ for example .

States remain important global actors but their struggle to retain independent status precludes solutions to global problems .
states remain important global actors but their struggle to [keep] independent status precludes solutions to global problems .

Following the demise of current cost accounting in the private sector and the apparent determination of the Treasury to retain it for nationalized industries , the fact that Byatt strongly endorsed its retention in the public sector is important , particularly from the policy-making perspective .
following the demise of current cost accounting in the private sector and the apparent determination of the treasury to [keep] it for nationalized industries , the fact that byatt strongly endorsed its retention in the public sector is important , particularly from the policy-making perspective .

Those assets certainly would cost money to replace and to that extent their existence means they are worth their replacement cost : without them we would have to incur the replacement cost to retain their services .
those assets certainly would cost money to replace and to that extent their existence means they are worth their replacement cost : without them we would have to incur the replacement cost to [keep] their services .

This might lead us to conclude that in the case where taxes can not bear the additional charges resulting from depreciation accounting ( which is another way of saying that there is not the political will to impose them ) , in order to retain control of the charge to revenue accounts , the existing system will remain .
this might lead us to conclude that in the case where taxes can not bear the additional charges resulting from depreciation accounting ( which is another way of saying that there is not the political will to impose them ) , in order to [keep] control of the charge to revenue accounts , the existing system will remain .

This paradoxical situation arose notwithstanding great endeavours to retain the strong links between physical and human geography and it was often thought ( e.g .
this paradoxical situation arose notwithstanding great endeavours to [keep] the strong links between physical and human geography and it was often thought ( e.g .

Turkey achieved observer status at the Algiers Non-Aligned Conference in 1973 , but was unable to retain this status .
turkey achieved observer status at the algiers non-aligned conference in 1973 , but was unable to [keep] this status .

These types of individuals are the ones who are said to stab you in the back in order to achieve their ends ; and ( b ) the conservers — motivated by the desire to retain the status quo .
these types of individuals are the ones who are said to stab you in the back in order to achieve their ends ; and ( b ) the conservers — motivated by the desire to [keep] the status quo .

Thus , for example , a high level of absenteeism may be a sign of low morale ; high staff turnover and the inability to retain staff may be a sign of low morale ( witness the number of teachers that leave the profession every year ) ; industrial action or strikes may be an indication that morale and motivation are low .
thus , for example , a high level of absenteeism may be a sign of low morale ; high staff turnover and the inability to [keep] staff may be a sign of low morale ( witness the number of teachers that leave the profession every year ) ; industrial action or strikes may be an indication that morale and motivation are low .

For though the factor of change is essential to retain interest , it is the thing most guaranteed to destroy unity .
for though the factor of change is essential to [keep] interest , it is the thing most guaranteed to destroy unity .

We should seek to retain some definition in form by re-using certain melodic shapes , repeating certain note-successions or rhythms , perhaps even re-quoting an entire section which gives the main message of the work .
we should seek to [keep] some definition in form by re-using certain melodic shapes , repeating certain note-successions or rhythms , perhaps even re-quoting an entire section which gives the main message of the work .

It is surely preferable to retain some defined elements of musical form , so that the music can be retained in the memory .
it is surely preferable to [keep] some defined elements of musical form , so that the music can be retained in the memory .

Perhaps metre is one of the factors which help the mind retain sound patterns , and therefore aids the memory .
perhaps metre is one of the factors which help the mind [keep] sound patterns , and therefore aids the memory .

If we change notes from chord to chord this weakening does not occur — the notes retain their ‘ freshness ’ .
if we change notes from chord to chord this weakening does not occur — the notes [keep] their ‘ freshness ’ .

To get the music moving horizontally and yet retain the essential character of quartal harmony , we have to take liberties and extend the system in some way .
to get the music moving horizontally and yet [keep] the essential character of quartal harmony , we have to take liberties and extend the system in some way .

Non-conventional music must avoid conventional rhythmic designs , or the music will retain a traditional character .
non-conventional music must avoid conventional rhythmic designs , or the music will [keep] a traditional character .

to put control in the hands of the users . This means not only office staff , who bear the brunt of system usage , but teaching staff , who must retain specific decision-making roles , and , last but not least , the students themselves , who must have faith in the system 's accuracy and ability to provide records and timetables of appropriate quality at specific times and on demand ;
to put control in the hands of the users . this means not only office staff , who bear the brunt of system usage , but teaching staff , who must [keep] specific decision-making roles , and , last but not least , the students themselves , who must have faith in the system 's accuracy and ability to provide records and timetables of appropriate quality at specific times and on demand ;

Lecturers retain control over their destiny .
lecturers [keep] control over their destiny .

One pitfall has been the temptation to adopt a ‘ lowest common denominator ’ approach to unit length and course delivery , leading to a set of central ‘ modular ’ regulations which , in their efforts to retain local features of individual cases , present the student with an overall scheme of mind-boggling complexity .
one pitfall has been the temptation to adopt a ‘ lowest common denominator ’ approach to unit length and course delivery , leading to a set of central ‘ modular ’ regulations which , in their efforts to [keep] local features of individual cases , present the student with an overall scheme of mind-boggling complexity .

The client , whether supported out of public funds or fee-paying , should always have a free choice among available lawyers and should not be required to retain an assigned lawyer .
the client , whether supported out of public funds or fee-paying , should always have a free choice among available lawyers and should not be required to [keep] an assigned lawyer .

As the core cooled it would form a solid outer shell , and as this shell further cooled through the Curie temperature it could retain today the magnetic field of the remnant liquid iron core within it .
as the core cooled it would form a solid outer shell , and as this shell further cooled through the curie temperature it could [keep] today the magnetic field of the remnant liquid iron core within it .

The Curie temperature is simply the temperature above which a substance can not retain a magnetic field in the absence of a generating process , and is named after the French physicist Pierre Curie ( 1859–1906 ) .
the curie temperature is simply the temperature above which a substance can not [keep] a magnetic field in the absence of a generating process , and is named after the french physicist pierre curie ( 1859–1906 ) .

Eliot said Ayling believed the sale of the lease would have brought the paper the huge sum of money it needed to refurbish the part of the building it was to retain and to update its rather old-fashioned equipment .
eliot said ayling believed the sale of the lease would have brought the paper the huge sum of money it needed to refurbish the part of the building it was to [keep] and to update its rather old-fashioned equipment .

Just as it favours conserving the existing definition of sexual intercourse for rape , the Committee seeks to retain the crime of buggery to deal exclusively with anal intercourse .
just as it favours conserving the existing definition of sexual intercourse for rape , the committee seeks to [keep] the crime of buggery to deal exclusively with anal intercourse .

Hale 's choice to retain the medieval approach to consent in the case of married women only was to shape the course of the law up to the present day .
hale 's choice to [keep] the medieval approach to consent in the case of married women only was to shape the course of the law up to the present day .

At the conference , we said that we recognise that government could not include the nuclear liabilities in any privatisation and that a solution would have to be found to retain these in the public sector .
at the conference , we said that we recognise that government could not include the nuclear liabilities in any privatisation and that a solution would have to be found to [keep] these in the public sector .

Glasgow retain Chairman 's Cup
glasgow [keep] chairman 's cup

‘ It 's down to your hard work and a team effort that we have won this trophy , ’ he said ‘ Let 's make sure we retain the award in the current year .
‘ it 's down to your hard work and a team effort that we have won this trophy , ’ he said ‘ let 's make sure we [keep] the award in the current year .

Care has been taken in the landscaping and improvement works to retain the existing birch and elder scrub , and augment it with birch , alder , ash , poplar , oak , willow , rowan , lime , crab apple , gean and bird cherry .
care has been taken in the landscaping and improvement works to [keep] the existing birch and elder scrub , and augment it with birch , alder , ash , poplar , oak , willow , rowan , lime , crab apple , gean and bird cherry .

It is important , however , that employees retain a sense of perspective in identifying words and conduct which may reasonably be perceived as causing harassment , alarm or distress as opposed to mere annoyance .
it is important , however , that employees [keep] a sense of perspective in identifying words and conduct which may reasonably be perceived as causing harassment , alarm or distress as opposed to mere annoyance .

You may wish to retain your pension or allowance book and continue to draw your own money .
you may wish to [keep] your pension or allowance book and continue to draw your own money .

Despite the recession this helped us to retain the vast majority of our members and welcome new ones to our ranks .
despite the recession this helped us to [keep] the vast majority of our members and welcome new ones to our ranks .

The only exception at present is Gwynedd County Council which is trying to dampen inward migration and retain its resident population .
the only exception at present is gwynedd county council which is trying to dampen inward migration and [keep] its resident population .

There is growing evidence that the new Business Use Class introduced in 1987 is reducing the ability of planning authorities to retain manufacturing floorspace in urban centres .
there is growing evidence that the new business use class introduced in 1987 is reducing the ability of planning authorities to [keep] manufacturing floorspace in urban centres .

However , the Catholic school will retain its right and obligation to proclaim the Christian message and all that entails in the Christian faith tradition .
however , the catholic school will [keep] its right and obligation to proclaim the christian message and all that entails in the christian faith tradition .

The University wishes to continue to recruit and retain staff of the highest quality .
the university wishes to continue to recruit and [keep] staff of the highest quality .

The professor will normally be allowed to retain his full stipend during any term of sabbatical leave provided that ( a ) he will spend a considerable part of his leave in advanced study or research ; ( b ) he will give up all teaching and administrative duties in Oxford other than examining and graduate supervision ; ( c ) if after taking account of any loss of normal sources of income and any gain of income from new sources ( less any additional expenses associated with new activities ) , he is in a better financial position than if he had not taken leave , he will forgo from his stipend such sum as will leave him in approximately the same financial state as if he had not taken leave .
the professor will normally be allowed to [keep] his full stipend during any term of sabbatical leave provided that ( a ) he will spend a considerable part of his leave in advanced study or research ; ( b ) he will give up all teaching and administrative duties in oxford other than examining and graduate supervision ; ( c ) if after taking account of any loss of normal sources of income and any gain of income from new sources ( less any additional expenses associated with new activities ) , he is in a better financial position than if he had not taken leave , he will forgo from his stipend such sum as will leave him in approximately the same financial state as if he had not taken leave .

Although these objects are Celtic in design , they were given a distinctive Scottish style — perhaps as a deliberate attempt to retain an identity in the face of the Roman threat .
although these objects are celtic in design , they were given a distinctive scottish style — perhaps as a deliberate attempt to [keep] an identity in the face of the roman threat .

The Exchange has done this , for example , in relation to the Government 's privatisations , by allowing the Government to retain a `` golden `` ( or `` master `` ) share in newly privatised companies .
the exchange has done this , for example , in relation to the government 's privatisations , by allowing the government to [keep] a `` golden `` ( or `` master `` ) share in newly privatised companies .

The Exchange discourages the use of equity shares with no or restricted voting rights , so this can not normally be used as a device to retain control amongst a few shareholders with voting rights .
the exchange discourages the use of equity shares with no or restricted voting rights , so this can not normally be used as a device to [keep] control amongst a few shareholders with voting rights .

Even though the offer may be a fair one , they may be tempted to retain their shares in the hope that the target 's performance will improve and they will recover their position .
even though the offer may be a fair one , they may be tempted to [keep] their shares in the hope that the target 's performance will improve and they will recover their position .

( g ) one disadvantage with convertible loan stock is that there can be a tendency for stockholders to convert when profits and share prices are rising ( thus diluting the equity profit of existing ordinary shareholders and depriving them of the advantage of the cheaper gearing which such stock provides ) and to retain the stock when profits and share prices are falling , thus maintaining the debt burden of the company at a time when it may be least able to service it ; and
( g ) one disadvantage with convertible loan stock is that there can be a tendency for stockholders to convert when profits and share prices are rising ( thus diluting the equity profit of existing ordinary shareholders and depriving them of the advantage of the cheaper gearing which such stock provides ) and to [keep] the stock when profits and share prices are falling , thus maintaining the debt burden of the company at a time when it may be least able to service it ; and

5.5.3 the Landlord shall be entitled immediately or at any time subsequently to take and retain possession of all ( if any ) completed or partially completed Tenant 's Works on the Premises which shall be forfeited and become the property of the Landlord and the Landlord shall not be liable to make to the Tenant any compensation or allowance in respect of them
5.5.3 the landlord shall be entitled immediately or at any time subsequently to take and [keep] possession of all ( if any ) completed or partially completed tenant 's works on the premises which shall be forfeited and become the property of the landlord and the landlord shall not be liable to make to the tenant any compensation or allowance in respect of them

It is probably better to retain the covenant , subject to the slight amendment referred to above .
it is probably better to [keep] the covenant , subject to the slight amendment referred to above .

5.15 Re-letting boards To permit the Landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the Contractual Term and at any time thereafter [ unless the Tenant shall have made a valid court application under Section 24 of the 1954 Act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the Premises ] [ ( or sooner if the rents or any part of them shall be in arrear and unpaid for longer than [ 28 ] days ) ] to enter upon the Premises and affix and retain anywhere upon the Premises a notice for re-letting the Premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the Landlord or [ its ] agent at reasonable times of the day to view the Premises It is not unreasonable for the landlord to be entitled to erect a re-letting board at the premises within a reasonable period prior to the termination of the term unless the tenant proposes to apply for a new tenancy of the premises , provided that the board is in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises . The clause could be amended as follows : To permit the Landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the Contractual Term and at any time thereafter unless the Tenant shall have made a valid court application under Section 24 of the 1954 Act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the Premises to enter upon the Premises and affix and retain upon the Premises in a position so as not to interfere with the Tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the Premises a notice for re-letting the Premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the Landlord or its agent at reasonable times of the day on reasonable notice to view the Premises
5.15 re-letting boards to permit the landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the contractual term and at any time thereafter [ unless the tenant shall have made a valid court application under section 24 of the 1954 act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the premises ] [ ( or sooner if the rents or any part of them shall be in arrear and unpaid for longer than [ 28 ] days ) ] to enter upon the premises and affix and [keep] anywhere upon the premises a notice for re-letting the premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the landlord or [ its ] agent at reasonable times of the day to view the premises it is not unreasonable for the landlord to be entitled to erect a re-letting board at the premises within a reasonable period prior to the termination of the term unless the tenant proposes to apply for a new tenancy of the premises , provided that the board is in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises . the clause could be amended as follows : to permit the landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the contractual term and at any time thereafter unless the tenant shall have made a valid court application under section 24 of the 1954 act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the premises to enter upon the premises and affix and [keep] upon the premises in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises a notice for re-letting the premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the landlord or its agent at reasonable times of the day on reasonable notice to view the premises

7.2 Landlord to insure The Landlord covenants with the Tenant to insure the Premises and the Retained Parts [ subject to the Tenant paying the Insurance Rent ] unless such insurance shall be vitiated by any act of the Tenant or by anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority [ and under the Tenant 's control ] While it would be preferable for the insurance to be in the joint names of the landlord and the tenant in order to give the tenant more control over the insurance and to avoid the problem of subrogation referred to below , landlords tend to resist this , presumably on the basis that they wish to retain absolute control and not rely on the tenant in any way as regards the insurance cover .
7.2 landlord to insure the landlord covenants with the tenant to insure the premises and the retained parts [ subject to the tenant paying the insurance rent ] unless such insurance shall be vitiated by any act of the tenant or by anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority [ and under the tenant 's control ] while it would be preferable for the insurance to be in the joint names of the landlord and the tenant in order to give the tenant more control over the insurance and to avoid the problem of subrogation referred to below , landlords tend to resist this , presumably on the basis that they wish to [keep] absolute control and not rely on the tenant in any way as regards the insurance cover .

9.13.2 if the Landlord having made reasonable efforts is unable to locate the Tenant the Landlord shall be entitled to retain such proceeds of sale absolutely unless the Tenant shall claim them within [ 6 ] months of the date upon which the Tenant vacated the Premises and
9.13.2 if the landlord having made reasonable efforts is unable to locate the tenant the landlord shall be entitled to [keep] such proceeds of sale absolutely unless the tenant shall claim them within [ 6 ] months of the date upon which the tenant vacated the premises and

On termination , the Seller may exercise any of the following rights , either alone , or in any combination : ( i ) dispose of the goods as it thinks fit ; ( ii ) retain any deposit or part payment made by the Buyer ; ( iii ) recover damages from the Buyer in respect of any losses it suffers as a result of the Buyer 's failure to take delivery , including , but not limited to , the profit it would have made had the buyer performed its obligations , the costs of storage of the goods and the costs of disposing of the goods .
on termination , the seller may exercise any of the following rights , either alone , or in any combination : ( i ) dispose of the goods as it thinks fit ; ( ii ) [keep] any deposit or part payment made by the buyer ; ( iii ) recover damages from the buyer in respect of any losses it suffers as a result of the buyer 's failure to take delivery , including , but not limited to , the profit it would have made had the buyer performed its obligations , the costs of storage of the goods and the costs of disposing of the goods .

Indeed , it may even be possible to argue that certain types of reservation of title clause are caught by s3 , in so far as they purport to allow the seller to retain title until certain conditions are fulfilled , and therefore permit it to render a performance substantially different from that reasonably expected of it , or no performance at all .
indeed , it may even be possible to argue that certain types of reservation of title clause are caught by s3 , in so far as they purport to allow the seller to [keep] title until certain conditions are fulfilled , and therefore permit it to render a performance substantially different from that reasonably expected of it , or no performance at all .

The problems which those words can create are illustrated by a provision such as : If the Buyer fails to pay any instalment promptly in accordance with the terms of this contract the Seller may terminate the contract , recover goods already delivered and retain all payments already made .
the problems which those words can create are illustrated by a provision such as : if the buyer fails to pay any instalment promptly in accordance with the terms of this contract the seller may terminate the contract , recover goods already delivered and [keep] all payments already made .

The drafter may be tempted to overcome this problem by using `` and/or `` , as follows : If the Buyer fails to pay any instalment promptly in accordance with the terms of this contract the Seller may terminate the contract and/or recover goods already delivered and/or retain all payments already made .
the drafter may be tempted to overcome this problem by using `` and/or `` , as follows : if the buyer fails to pay any instalment promptly in accordance with the terms of this contract the seller may terminate the contract and/or recover goods already delivered and/or [keep] all payments already made .

However , careful analysis shows that the meaning of this provision is still not clear : for instance , does `` terminate … and recover … or retain `` mean that the seller may either ( 1 ) terminate and recover or ( 2 ) retain , or does it mean that the seller may terminate and either ( 1 ) recover or ( 2 ) retain ?
however , careful analysis shows that the meaning of this provision is still not clear : for instance , does `` terminate … and recover … or [keep] `` mean that the seller may either ( 1 ) terminate and recover or ( 2 ) [keep] , or does it mean that the seller may terminate and either ( 1 ) recover or ( 2 ) [keep] ?

Thus , the above provision could be worded as : If the Buyer fails to pay any instalment promptly in accordance with the terms of this contract the Seller may exercise any of the following rights , either alone or in any combination : ( a ) terminate the contract ( b ) recover goods already delivered ( c ) retain all payments already made .
thus , the above provision could be worded as : if the buyer fails to pay any instalment promptly in accordance with the terms of this contract the seller may exercise any of the following rights , either alone or in any combination : ( a ) terminate the contract ( b ) recover goods already delivered ( c ) [keep] all payments already made .

But do n't retain unnecessary papers such as old local searches — the only one worth having is your own recent search .
but do n't [keep] unnecessary papers such as old local searches — the only one worth having is your own recent search .

In the case of selling part , the seller does , of course , retain the original deeds packet .
in the case of selling part , the seller does , of course , [keep] the original deeds packet .

Note that to retain protection , the transfer , etc , must be lodged for registration within the period of protection ; in the case of unregistered land the transaction need only be completed within the period of priority given by your search in the Land Charges Register .
note that to [keep] protection , the transfer , etc , must be lodged for registration within the period of protection ; in the case of unregistered land the transaction need only be completed within the period of priority given by your search in the land charges register .

Nor does it take account of the fact that it can be consistent with the status of agency for an intermediary to be empowered to retain the proceeds of sale above a specified price .
nor does it take account of the fact that it can be consistent with the status of agency for an intermediary to be empowered to [keep] the proceeds of sale above a specified price .

The advantage of the hybrid model is that the courts retain some control over the regulatory rules in the sense that they are not bound to give effect to them rather than the general law if they are considered unreasonable .
the advantage of the hybrid model is that the courts [keep] some control over the regulatory rules in the sense that they are not bound to give effect to them rather than the general law if they are considered unreasonable .

Instead they retain the status of written professional standards .
instead they [keep] the status of written professional standards .

The main food reserve of preparasitic nematode larvae , whether inside the egg shell or free-living , is lipid which may be seen as droplets in the lumen of the intestine ; the infectivity of these stages is often related to the amount present , in that larvae which have depleted their reserves are not as infective as those which still retain quantities of lipid .
the main food reserve of preparasitic nematode larvae , whether inside the egg shell or free-living , is lipid which may be seen as droplets in the lumen of the intestine ; the infectivity of these stages is often related to the amount present , in that larvae which have depleted their reserves are not as infective as those which still [keep] quantities of lipid .

Contamination of the environment is most likely when dogs are exercised on grass or earth runs which retain moisture and also protect larvae from sunlight .
contamination of the environment is most likely when dogs are exercised on grass or earth runs which [keep] moisture and also protect larvae from sunlight .

He would think judges should retain the power to overrule past judicial decisions , if they were especially ill-advised , even when they were clear enough to provide crisp guidance to litigants .
he would think judges should [keep] the power to overrule past judicial decisions , if they were especially ill-advised , even when they were clear enough to provide crisp guidance to litigants .

That suggestion is not itself a checkerboard solution : each state would retain a constitutional duty that its own abortion statute be coherent in principle , and the suggestion offers itself as recognizing independent sovereigns rather than speaking for all together .
that suggestion is not itself a checkerboard solution : each state would [keep] a constitutional duty that its own abortion statute be coherent in principle , and the suggestion offers itself as recognizing independent sovereigns rather than speaking for all together .

Cripps had tried to answer the criticism that he was abandoning Socialism by making special reference to the need for the Party to retain its principles should it join any alliance .
cripps had tried to answer the criticism that he was abandoning socialism by making special reference to the need for the party to [keep] its principles should it join any alliance .

Britain however would retain control of certain reserved subjects : Egypt 's defence , including the retention of British bases ; imperial communications , especially the Suez Canal ; the protection of foreign interests in Egypt ; and the Sudan , the route of the Nile waters .
britain however would [keep] control of certain reserved subjects : egypt 's defence , including the retention of british bases ; imperial communications , especially the suez canal ; the protection of foreign interests in egypt ; and the sudan , the route of the nile waters .

The Chancellor has indicated that he taxes categories of alcoholic drinks , and that he treats them differently because he wishes to retain ‘ flexibility ’ .
the chancellor has indicated that he taxes categories of alcoholic drinks , and that he treats them differently because he wishes to [keep] ‘ flexibility ’ .

That means Henry McLeish , John McFall and Maria Fyfe all retain their existing jobs .
that means henry mcleish , john mcfall and maria fyfe all [keep] their existing jobs .

They could purchase land from owners who refused to sell for development or from builders who wished to retain it for future development .
they could purchase land from owners who refused to sell for development or from builders who wished to [keep] it for future development .

Though the Community Land Act was repealed by the Local Government , Planning and Land Act 1980 , local authorities still retain considerable powers of compulsory acquisition of land .
though the community land act was repealed by the local government , planning and land act 1980 , local authorities still [keep] considerable powers of compulsory acquisition of land .

The spreading rates in different directions are such that spots retain this shape as they grow .
the spreading rates in different directions are such that spots [keep] this shape as they grow .

If they are to return to a 10 per cent liquidity ratio , they need only retain £11 billion as balances at the Bank of England ( £11 billion £1 l0 billion = 10 per cent ) .
if they are to return to a 10 per cent liquidity ratio , they need only [keep] £11 billion as balances at the bank of england ( £11 billion £1 l0 billion = 10 per cent ) .

Such patches still retain high levels of fertility .
such patches still [keep] high levels of fertility .

She felt tears sting at her eyes , and struggled to retain some self-control .
she felt tears sting at her eyes , and struggled to [keep] some self-control .

In those moments , those final moments as he took her and reached ecstasy , she had been able to believe he loved her , felt something for her ; and , though she knew he did not , she was moved , wanted to retain those precious moments which he had just given her when he had finally stripped the mask away and let her see how human he was as he merged with her and lost himself inside her .
in those moments , those final moments as he took her and reached ecstasy , she had been able to believe he loved her , felt something for her ; and , though she knew he did not , she was moved , wanted to [keep] those precious moments which he had just given her when he had finally stripped the mask away and let her see how human he was as he merged with her and lost himself inside her .

‘ My father left me in sole and total charge , ’ she said slowly , battling to retain control of her emotions .
‘ my father left me in sole and total charge , ’ she said slowly , battling to [keep] control of her emotions .

Would it be practical to retain all airline reservations for posterity ( Campbell-Kelly 1993 : 266 ) ?
would it be practical to [keep] all airline reservations for posterity ( campbell-kelly 1993 : 266 ) ?

Besides the data/information it is necessary to retain the original software ; a problem which compounds the complexity of documentation as both information and software must be documented .
besides the data/information it is necessary to [keep] the original software ; a problem which compounds the complexity of documentation as both information and software must be documented .

Whether government departments retain information that only exists in electronic form depends upon whether electronic documents are classed as ‘ official documents ’ .
whether government departments [keep] information that only exists in electronic form depends upon whether electronic documents are classed as ‘ official documents ’ .

Just because information has been summarised about a data source may not justify the failure to retain the base data .
just because information has been summarised about a data source may not justify the failure to [keep] the base data .

In addition to the records which are required for statutory purposes , organisations may also be required to retain records for statistical purposes , for national and international governmental bodies .
in addition to the records which are required for statutory purposes , organisations may also be required to [keep] records for statistical purposes , for national and international governmental bodies .

Even after the release of the original data , our datasets are likely to retain some value , since it would require considerable effort to reproduce them .
even after the release of the original data , our datasets are likely to [keep] some value , since it would require considerable effort to reproduce them .

To help the ploughman to retain
to help the ploughman to [keep]

Most buyers in any event have little interest in preventing such an assignment , and most sellers , at least in today 's economic climate , desire to retain the flexibility to sell off or secure their debts to assist their cash flow .
most buyers in any event have little interest in preventing such an assignment , and most sellers , at least in today 's economic climate , desire to [keep] the flexibility to sell off or secure their debts to assist their cash flow .

Solicitors ' Practice Rule 10 deals with commission received by solicitors in the following terms : ( 1 ) a solicitor shall account to his client for any commission received of more than £10 unless , having disclosed to the client the amount of the commission or , if the amount can not be ascertained , the basis of calculation of the commission , he has the client 's agreement to retain it .
solicitors ' practice rule 10 deals with commission received by solicitors in the following terms : ( 1 ) a solicitor shall account to his client for any commission received of more than £10 unless , having disclosed to the client the amount of the commission or , if the amount can not be ascertained , the basis of calculation of the commission , he has the client 's agreement to [keep] it .

Since no firm of solicitors can ever afford to retain the services of any employee or partner whose conduct tends to reflect ill on the reputation of the practice , and since the circumstances may rarely be so clear cut as to secure withdrawal from the firm by consent , thorough consideration must be given at the outset to the conditions for expelling partners .
since no firm of solicitors can ever afford to [keep] the services of any employee or partner whose conduct tends to reflect ill on the reputation of the practice , and since the circumstances may rarely be so clear cut as to secure withdrawal from the firm by consent , thorough consideration must be given at the outset to the conditions for expelling partners .

There are two broad categories : ( 1 ) where the object is to generate more work by some system of cross-referral in particular fields , though such arrangements are difficult to sustain over a long period if member firms wish to retain their independence and separate profitability .
there are two broad categories : ( 1 ) where the object is to generate more work by some system of cross-referral in particular fields , though such arrangements are difficult to sustain over a long period if member firms wish to [keep] their independence and separate profitability .

As mentioned above , where a firm which wishes to retain its own identity has increased the number of its branch offices it is sometimes difficult to retain an acceptable degree of harmony between the component parts of the firm and the partners attached to each part .
as mentioned above , where a firm which wishes to [keep] its own identity has increased the number of its branch offices it is sometimes difficult to [keep] an acceptable degree of harmony between the component parts of the firm and the partners attached to each part .

Consideration could be ( and , in the larger firms , frequently is ) given to limiting the period during which any one individual carries responsibility as `` senior partner `` and the inclusion of an option to take a consultancy at retirement age is often the favoured solution where the firm is keen to retain the expertise and experience of its senior men without thwarting the legitimate ambitions of their successors .
consideration could be ( and , in the larger firms , frequently is ) given to limiting the period during which any one individual carries responsibility as `` senior partner `` and the inclusion of an option to take a consultancy at retirement age is often the favoured solution where the firm is keen to [keep] the expertise and experience of its senior men without thwarting the legitimate ambitions of their successors .

The landlord will have no need to retain day-to-day control over it and any necessary restrictions can be imposed by covenant .
the landlord will have no need to [keep] day-to-day control over it and any necessary restrictions can be imposed by covenant .

If other properties in the landlord 's ownership are also served by the road it may be more convenient for him to retain it .
if other properties in the landlord 's ownership are also served by the road it may be more convenient for him to [keep] it .

For instance , accountants and solicitors would normally both enquire into the terms of any leases or major contracts held by the target , and it is obviously not in the investor 's interest to retain both these advisers to carry out the same examination .
for instance , accountants and solicitors would normally both enquire into the terms of any leases or major contracts held by the target , and it is obviously not in the investor 's interest to [keep] both these advisers to carry out the same examination .

( 3 ) All intra-group transactions should be carefully analysed to ensure the target business does not retain liabilities .
( 3 ) all intra-group transactions should be carefully analysed to ensure the target business does not [keep] liabilities .

Alternatively they may effect a leveraged buy-out of a number of businesses with a view to later reconstruction to realise `` hidden `` reserves which will effectively finance the acquisition of the core business they wish to retain , and enable the borrowings to be redeemed .
alternatively they may effect a leveraged buy-out of a number of businesses with a view to later reconstruction to realise `` hidden `` reserves which will effectively finance the acquisition of the core business they wish to [keep] , and enable the borrowings to be redeemed .

This can often be harsh to an employee who may well have contributed fully to enhancing the value of the company and may wish to retain his shares ; sometimes exceptions to a provision of this kind can be specified .
this can often be harsh to an employee who may well have contributed fully to enhancing the value of the company and may wish to [keep] his shares ; sometimes exceptions to a provision of this kind can be specified .

Generally , though , the investor will be reluctant to allow the employee to retain the shares , preferring to negotiate the price upon which they are transferred .
generally , though , the investor will be reluctant to allow the employee to [keep] the shares , preferring to negotiate the price upon which they are transferred .

Ideally the vendor will wish to retain absolute control over the way in which the business is managed .
ideally the vendor will wish to [keep] absolute control over the way in which the business is managed .

Either way the purchaser will need full details of the vendor 's employees in order to assess the costs of redundancies , wrongful and unfair dismissal claims and identify which of the vendor 's employees he may prefer to retain .
either way the purchaser will need full details of the vendor 's employees in order to assess the costs of redundancies , wrongful and unfair dismissal claims and identify which of the vendor 's employees he may prefer to [keep] .

Ozone is itself a form of greenhouse gas — helping to retain the sun 's reflected heat in the atmosphere - , and its destruction may be allowing more heat to escape than was hitherto thought , compensating for the increased heat retention caused by the build up of atmospheric carbon dioxide and other `` greenhouse gases `` .
ozone is itself a form of greenhouse gas — helping to [keep] the sun 's reflected heat in the atmosphere - , and its destruction may be allowing more heat to escape than was hitherto thought , compensating for the increased heat retention caused by the build up of atmospheric carbon dioxide and other `` greenhouse gases `` .

But several local councils , which rely on the lake for their drinking water supplies , want to retain the current quality levels .
but several local councils , which rely on the lake for their drinking water supplies , want to [keep] the current quality levels .

Tests conducted on animals suggested that children are also more likely to retain a greater dose of certain toxins because of increased absorption and decreased elimination .
tests conducted on animals suggested that children are also more likely to [keep] a greater dose of certain toxins because of increased absorption and decreased elimination .

Britons tend to retain trust in the inhabitants of countries in which Britain has had or retains colonial interests ; countries that share a common language , values , and ( in some cases ) ancestry ; and countries that have stood together in times of crisis .
britons tend to [keep] trust in the inhabitants of countries in which britain has had or retains colonial interests ; countries that share a common language , values , and ( in some cases ) ancestry ; and countries that have stood together in times of crisis .

Nonetheless , judges retain the power to distinguish cases and by their interpretation they can develop a substantial body of case law .
nonetheless , judges [keep] the power to distinguish cases and by their interpretation they can develop a substantial body of case law .

In some cases it is , if one is to retain the historical character of the religion , impossible : for example the fact can not be altered of Jesus having been a male human being .
in some cases it is , if one is to [keep] the historical character of the religion , impossible : for example the fact can not be altered of jesus having been a male human being .

Tie the beef and lamb into compact rolls or squares so that they retain their shape during cooking and will be easy to cut .
tie the beef and lamb into compact rolls or squares so that they [keep] their shape during cooking and will be easy to cut .

Plumage differences do allow you to distinguish the young birds born last summer , which retain some of the brown juvenile wing coverts .
plumage differences do allow you to distinguish the young birds born last summer , which [keep] some of the brown juvenile wing coverts .

Water from the rock ( 17:6 ) : Sinai limestone is known to retain moisture .
water from the rock ( 17:6 ) : sinai limestone is known to [keep] moisture .

Water out of the rock : Sinai limestone is known to retain water ( see on Exodus 17:6 ) .
water out of the rock : sinai limestone is known to [keep] water ( see on exodus 17:6 ) .

He was willing to submit these terms to arbitrators to vary as they thought fit , but only on condition that he was to retain full power and jurisdiction .
he was willing to submit these terms to arbitrators to vary as they thought fit , but only on condition that he was to [keep] full power and jurisdiction .

Even if micro-organisms can be preserved in chert , it is difficult to believe that a creature as large but as fragile and insubstantial as a jellyfish could retain its shape long enough to be fossilised .
even if micro-organisms can be preserved in chert , it is difficult to believe that a creature as large but as fragile and insubstantial as a jellyfish could [keep] its shape long enough to be fossilised .

The liver flukes still retain the typical flatworm form .
the liver flukes still [keep] the typical flatworm form .

But if there is a particularly wet season and its lake does not shrink and dry , then its larvae retain their feathery gills .
but if there is a particularly wet season and its lake does not shrink and dry , then its larvae [keep] their feathery gills .

The acme of parental care among amphibians , however , is that provided by a West African species of Nectophrynoides , the females of which retain their young inside their bodies in a way that compares very closely with the technique of placental mammals .
the acme of parental care among amphibians , however , is that provided by a west african species of nectophrynoides , the females of which [keep] their young inside their bodies in a way that compares very closely with the technique of placental mammals .

With so many other countries in possession of nuclear weapons — or in a position in which they soon could be — we must retain our own nuclear shield .
with so many other countries in possession of nuclear weapons — or in a position in which they soon could be — we must [keep] our own nuclear shield .

It is up to the reader to keep track of whose turn it is to speak , and to retain the distinctiveness of the characters and their roles .
it is up to the reader to keep track of whose turn it is to speak , and to [keep] the distinctiveness of the characters and their roles .

Stamfordham asked him if he would be prepared to retain Curzon as Foreign Secretary .
stamfordham asked him if he would be prepared to [keep] curzon as foreign secretary .

States which retain the death penalty may find it difficult to make effective their extradition treaties with parties to the European Convention or other human rights treaties with similar prohibitions of inhuman or degrading treatment .
states which [keep] the death penalty may find it difficult to make effective their extradition treaties with parties to the european convention or other human rights treaties with similar prohibitions of inhuman or degrading treatment .

It was true that Mrs Maugham 's moral fervour had had slightly more edge in the days before she herself acquired a television set , but even now she managed to retain sufficient cause for indignation , and the quality of her feeling for Mrs Hanney had changed not at all , though her attacks had been somewhat restricted in scope .
it was true that mrs maugham 's moral fervour had had slightly more edge in the days before she herself acquired a television set , but even now she managed to [keep] sufficient cause for indignation , and the quality of her feeling for mrs hanney had changed not at all , though her attacks had been somewhat restricted in scope .

Clara often thought that Mrs Maugham 's attitudes towards the television typified her whole moral outlook ; before acquiring it , she had considered it infinitely vulgar and debased ; after acquiring it she considered all those without it as highbrows , intellectual snobs , or paupers , while still managing to retain her scorn for all those who had had it before the precisely tasteful , worthy and perceptive moment at which she had herself succumbed to its charms .
clara often thought that mrs maugham 's attitudes towards the television typified her whole moral outlook ; before acquiring it , she had considered it infinitely vulgar and debased ; after acquiring it she considered all those without it as highbrows , intellectual snobs , or paupers , while still managing to [keep] her scorn for all those who had had it before the precisely tasteful , worthy and perceptive moment at which she had herself succumbed to its charms .

Sol Wagner , an American sexologist , lecturing in Britain in 1977 , referred to the British as `` obsessed `` with sex ; and to some extent this is true , due as he pointed out to the double-thinking of those of us who retain inhibitions and hang-ups born of earlier years and the mixture of fascination and revulsion connected with sex which lies so deep in many of us .
sol wagner , an american sexologist , lecturing in britain in 1977 , referred to the british as `` obsessed `` with sex ; and to some extent this is true , due as he pointed out to the double-thinking of those of us who [keep] inhibitions and hang-ups born of earlier years and the mixture of fascination and revulsion connected with sex which lies so deep in many of us .

But even if we are able to accommodate ourselves to the fact that our parents were not altogether `` good `` from the child 's viewpoint , we may still retain the ideal in our minds .
but even if we are able to accommodate ourselves to the fact that our parents were not altogether `` good `` from the child 's viewpoint , we may still [keep] the ideal in our minds .

The frequent battle between parents and child when the latter is at an adolescent stage of self-assertion while the parents — or one of them — strive to retain the old family structure is a case in point .
the frequent battle between parents and child when the latter is at an adolescent stage of self-assertion while the parents — or one of them — strive to [keep] the old family structure is a case in point .

At the centre of political power , Johnson depended on his ability to retain the confidence of Congress over Vietnam ; and here also the overwhelming support , revealed in 1964 over the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution , began to break up .
at the centre of political power , johnson depended on his ability to [keep] the confidence of congress over vietnam ; and here also the overwhelming support , revealed in 1964 over the gulf of tonkin resolution , began to break up .

Let Then , if we retain eight decimal places Hence , if and so on , we find as successive approximations to correct to six decimal places ,
let then , if we [keep] eight decimal places hence , if and so on , we find as successive approximations to correct to six decimal places ,

Returning now to the dualist 's notion of invariant content and variable style , we can retain what is good in this distinction by refining it to allow for more than one level of stylistic variation .
returning now to the dualist 's notion of invariant content and variable style , we can [keep] what is good in this distinction by refining it to allow for more than one level of stylistic variation .

There is no question of Carson , Law and Lloyd George conducting a conspiracy to unseat Asquith in December 1916 ; Law and Lloyd George at least wished to retain Asquith in government and they kept him informed about their plans .
there is no question of carson , law and lloyd george conducting a conspiracy to unseat asquith in december 1916 ; law and lloyd george at least wished to [keep] asquith in government and they kept him informed about their plans .

It was important to retain Lloyd George , not just as the man who had won the war but also as a man who could talk to the working class ; and if a revolutionary situation were to arise , then it would be far better if Unionists could call on Liberals to help resist it .
it was important to [keep] lloyd george , not just as the man who had won the war but also as a man who could talk to the working class ; and if a revolutionary situation were to arise , then it would be far better if unionists could call on liberals to help resist it .

If we accept calmly and scientifically that stone in the form of silicone chips can accept messages and retain them , then it does n't seem too impossible to me that the stones of buildings can absorb strong emotions such as fear and terror or the positive feelings of worship and devotion .
if we accept calmly and scientifically that stone in the form of silicone chips can accept messages and [keep] them , then it does n't seem too impossible to me that the stones of buildings can absorb strong emotions such as fear and terror or the positive feelings of worship and devotion .

It is certainly counter-intuitive to suggest that widely separated systems retain such a degree of influence upon each other .
it is certainly counter-intuitive to suggest that widely separated systems [keep] such a degree of influence upon each other .

It was decided to retain the added strips and to carefully balance their tonality with the original 's .
it was decided to [keep] the added strips and to carefully balance their tonality with the original 's .

The courts will always wish to retain a residual and undefined discretion to deal with unexpected cases but the scope for its operation must be kept as narrow as possible .
the courts will always wish to [keep] a residual and undefined discretion to deal with unexpected cases but the scope for its operation must be kept as narrow as possible .

What seems more likely is that Basquiat could be the beneficiary of a process operating in the market ( and among some critics ) , where artists who appear able to retain their market value in the next decade are promoted and shown , whereas others considered beyond rehabilitation are ignored .
what seems more likely is that basquiat could be the beneficiary of a process operating in the market ( and among some critics ) , where artists who appear able to [keep] their market value in the next decade are promoted and shown , whereas others considered beyond rehabilitation are ignored .

Whatever the merits of Devlin 's position , of the crimes in private between consenting adults which he wished to retain , homosexuality , abortion , incest , pornography and prostitution have either been partially decriminalized or some proposals therefor have been put forward .
whatever the merits of devlin 's position , of the crimes in private between consenting adults which he wished to [keep] , homosexuality , abortion , incest , pornography and prostitution have either been partially decriminalized or some proposals therefor have been put forward .

The undertaking was the dream of Yoshikuni Kamichika , its president , who , on a visit to Holland had been impressed at the way the Dutch had managed to retain an ecological balance despite their economic growth .
the undertaking was the dream of yoshikuni kamichika , its president , who , on a visit to holland had been impressed at the way the dutch had managed to [keep] an ecological balance despite their economic growth .

In the meanwhile , the British system devised by Lord Waverley forty years ago to retain the works of art most essential to Britian 's artistic and historical heritage will be a largely pointless administrative hoop-la as works of art are declared to be national patrimony by the committees of experts , and then are exported anyway for lack of funds .
in the meanwhile , the british system devised by lord waverley forty years ago to [keep] the works of art most essential to britian 's artistic and historical heritage will be a largely pointless administrative hoop-la as works of art are declared to be national patrimony by the committees of experts , and then are exported anyway for lack of funds .

They would not really want to hand over responsibility to a board of trustees , but would rather retain rights their rights within the museum .
they would not really want to hand over responsibility to a board of trustees , but would rather [keep] rights their rights within the museum .

The principle behind Article 11 is to allow States which already accord more generous treatment to a dispossessed owner , to retain that treatment .
the principle behind article 11 is to allow states which already accord more generous treatment to a dispossessed owner , to [keep] that treatment .

The terms and conditions also address such grey areas such as what happens if the buyer has possession of a work , but has not completely paid for it when it is stolen ( the liability is the buyer 's ) , and the duty of such a buyer who has partially paid for a work , to store the work separately from his own goods , not to export it , to retain the seller 's identifying marks , and to allow the seller or his agent access to the work .
the terms and conditions also address such grey areas such as what happens if the buyer has possession of a work , but has not completely paid for it when it is stolen ( the liability is the buyer 's ) , and the duty of such a buyer who has partially paid for a work , to store the work separately from his own goods , not to export it , to [keep] the seller 's identifying marks , and to allow the seller or his agent access to the work .

To retain any coherence in the research findings it is necessary to reconcile this conclusion with the fundamental similarity between working-class and middle-class women on the dimension of identification with the housewife role .
to [keep] any coherence in the research findings it is necessary to reconcile this conclusion with the fundamental similarity between working-class and middle-class women on the dimension of identification with the housewife role .

Others have a large enough budget to be able to retain their independence , these publications will probably ask for background material only or will send a journalist to cover the story on the spot .
others have a large enough budget to be able to [keep] their independence , these publications will probably ask for background material only or will send a journalist to cover the story on the spot .

It enables us to retain much more of the lecture content .
it enables us to [keep] much more of the lecture content .

Do n't be surprised if you retain no more than half of what is said at your first lectures .
do n't be surprised if you [keep] no more than half of what is said at your first lectures .

You go to be intellectually stimulated , to capture and retain its essence .
you go to be intellectually stimulated , to capture and [keep] its essence .

Retain a spare copy for your file .
[keep] a spare copy for your file .

What it does mean , however , is that you retain the right both to say `` no `` and to have that `` no `` totally respected .
what it does mean , however , is that you [keep] the right both to say `` no `` and to have that `` no `` totally respected .

It is reasonably hardwearing but it lacks the springiness and suppleness of wool ; consequently , silk rugs tend to retain any creases or scuffing in the pile , and far greater care is needed to protect them from damage .
it is reasonably hardwearing but it lacks the springiness and suppleness of wool ; consequently , silk rugs tend to [keep] any creases or scuffing in the pile , and far greater care is needed to protect them from damage .

Consequently , the traditionally high resale values of Persian workshop rugs can no longer be automatically guaranteed , though the finest examples are still likely to retain their value .
consequently , the traditionally high resale values of persian workshop rugs can no longer be automatically guaranteed , though the finest examples are still likely to [keep] their value .

They are also a reminder that although the 1474 agreement had forbidden the two nobles to retain the same men , this left open the possibility of other forms of shared allegiance .
they are also a reminder that although the 1474 agreement had forbidden the two nobles to [keep] the same men , this left open the possibility of other forms of shared allegiance .

It followed that Northumberland 's men were in a sense Gloucester 's men , even though the duke could not retain them directly .
it followed that northumberland 's men were in a sense gloucester 's men , even though the duke could not [keep] them directly .

In no decade during the period were the working classes adequately housed , and in the overcrowded conditions under which many working-class people lived it was very difficult indeed to retain the moral refinement demanded by the upper strata of society .
in no decade during the period were the working classes adequately housed , and in the overcrowded conditions under which many working-class people lived it was very difficult indeed to [keep] the moral refinement demanded by the upper strata of society .

This would need to retain within it the unique legal function of Convocation which would be restricted to those at present eligible to exercise it , that is to graduates and staff alone .
this would need to [keep] within it the unique legal function of convocation which would be restricted to those at present eligible to exercise it , that is to graduates and staff alone .

Many still felt that the chief need was for full employment and adequate pay , which would enable the working class to provide for their own needs and to retain their independence of state control ; though they were prepared to accept immediate state help for those whose needs could not be met in this way , such as the aged .
many still felt that the chief need was for full employment and adequate pay , which would enable the working class to provide for their own needs and to [keep] their independence of state control ; though they were prepared to accept immediate state help for those whose needs could not be met in this way , such as the aged .

Hunsdon was able to retain his governorship of Berwick in absentia while exercising the post of Lord Chamberlain .
hunsdon was able to [keep] his governorship of berwick in absentia while exercising the post of lord chamberlain .

Individual patients should , however , retain ultimate control over their care and their primary nurse will often facilitate them to do so .
individual patients should , however , [keep] ultimate control over their care and their primary nurse will often facilitate them to do so .

Not only did real or supposed elements of Japanese tradition — or simulations of such traditions — serve to focus national feeling and efforts , but a continuing assertion of the importance of ‘ things Japanese ’ also served to retain an element of self-respect in the face of foreign cultural pressures and the threat of cultural , economic and political imperialism .
not only did real or supposed elements of japanese tradition — or simulations of such traditions — serve to focus national feeling and efforts , but a continuing assertion of the importance of ‘ things japanese ’ also served to [keep] an element of self-respect in the face of foreign cultural pressures and the threat of cultural , economic and political imperialism .

This tripartite intervention left a legacy of resentment in Japan , a bitterness at being unable to retain concessions fairly won in war except with the sanction of other powers .
this tripartite intervention left a legacy of resentment in japan , a bitterness at being unable to [keep] concessions fairly won in war except with the sanction of other powers .

Zhang himself was initially keen to retain his influence and resisted the Nationalist advance , but by 1928 was in danger of defeat in North China .
zhang himself was initially keen to [keep] his influence and resisted the nationalist advance , but by 1928 was in danger of defeat in north china .

Many believe strongly in the need fo Japan to be different and to retain what they see as its own traditional modus operandi ; they are quite satisfied with the roles which society expects them to play .
many believe strongly in the need fo japan to be different and to [keep] what they see as its own traditional modus operandi ; they are quite satisfied with the roles which society expects them to play .

Serve as soon as possible to retain the flavour .
serve as soon as possible to [keep] the flavour .

Peel potatoes thinly to retain those nutrients which are stored just under the skin .
peel potatoes thinly to [keep] those nutrients which are stored just under the skin .

This prevents personal discussions and arguments developing freely and allows the Chair to retain control of the meeting .
this prevents personal discussions and arguments developing freely and allows the chair to [keep] control of the meeting .

You do not need to dip into this money at regular intervals , but wish to retain it for the future .
you do not need to dip into this money at regular intervals , but wish to [keep] it for the future .

This may indicate that the conflict has been over peripheral matters , that a core belief in a transcendent power could retain its plausibility , untouched by changing conceptions of the physical world .
this may indicate that the conflict has been over peripheral matters , that a core belief in a transcendent power could [keep] its plausibility , untouched by changing conceptions of the physical world .

The committee declined to accept the view put to them by the Joint Permanent Secretary to the Treasury that tribunals ought to be regarded as part of the machinery of public administration for which the Government should retain a close and continuing responsibility .
the committee declined to accept the view put to them by the joint permanent secretary to the treasury that tribunals ought to be regarded as part of the machinery of public administration for which the government should [keep] a close and continuing responsibility .

The Home Office would retain powers over policing , penal policy , and the criminal law .
the home office would [keep] powers over policing , penal policy , and the criminal law .

Suggestions are also welcomed on policies which are believed necessary to retain an economically viable industry , efficient in the use of resources and sensitive in its management of the natural environment .
suggestions are also welcomed on policies which are believed necessary to [keep] an economically viable industry , efficient in the use of resources and sensitive in its management of the natural environment .

More heat is available to pass , by conduction , to the ewes and lambs , which are helped to retain their body heat by their coats and the insulating properties of the straw .
more heat is available to pass , by conduction , to the ewes and lambs , which are helped to [keep] their body heat by their coats and the insulating properties of the straw .

Yet , though most developing countries have created ties to the international system for sovereign borrowing and for accommodating the demands of the World Bank and others for the adoption of more ‘ outward-looking ’ policies , many retain features of the old system of financial isolationism and inefficiency ( Dooley and Mathieson , 1987 ) .
yet , though most developing countries have created ties to the international system for sovereign borrowing and for accommodating the demands of the world bank and others for the adoption of more ‘ outward-looking ’ policies , many [keep] features of the old system of financial isolationism and inefficiency ( dooley and mathieson , 1987 ) .

Performance requirements have commonly increased , indicating countries ' determination to retain a degree of control over firms ; liberalisation does not mean laissez-faire .
performance requirements have commonly increased , indicating countries ' determination to [keep] a degree of control over firms ; liberalisation does not mean laissez-faire .

Most wish to retain or promote some form of local participation .
most wish to [keep] or promote some form of local participation .

The cashier should retain the credit card whilst the customer signs the sales voucher .
the cashier should [keep] the credit card whilst the customer signs the sales voucher .

The paying-in slips are completed and the cash and slips are handed in to the bank cashier who will check that they are all correct , stamp the counterfoil and retain the paying-in slip .
the paying-in slips are completed and the cash and slips are handed in to the bank cashier who will check that they are all correct , stamp the counterfoil and [keep] the paying-in slip .

Strong defence mechanisms to retain confidence .
strong defence mechanisms to [keep] confidence .

When asked , ‘ Should all consultants retain their teaching role or should some specialise and be specifically trained as educationalists ?
when asked , ‘ should all consultants [keep] their teaching role or should some specialise and be specifically trained as educationalists ?

copy the Change Request Form and retain the copy for future reference
copy the change request form and [keep] the copy for future reference

retain changes for which a decision has been deferred for inclusion on the agenda of a future Review Meeting
[keep] changes for which a decision has been deferred for inclusion on the agenda of a future review meeting

retain a copy of the Change Review Form for future reference
[keep] a copy of the change review form for future reference

for approval changes , retain the original Change Request and Change Review Forms , and file them in the binder containing the appropriate documentation .
for approval changes , [keep] the original change request and change review forms , and file them in the binder containing the appropriate documentation .

To be an effective leader , to get bureaucrats and legislators to do what he wants them to do a president must retain the support of the public and , in the modern age , that is hardly possible without consistent command of television .
to be an effective leader , to get bureaucrats and legislators to do what he wants them to do a president must [keep] the support of the public and , in the modern age , that is hardly possible without consistent command of television .

On the other hand , where it suited the nobility to retain ownership they could , until 1881 , refuse to embark upon redemption at all .
on the other hand , where it suited the nobility to [keep] ownership they could , until 1881 , refuse to embark upon redemption at all .

Settlement on time , with the right monies , is another area in which licensed dealers let down the clients , but retain the advantage of having the use of the clients ' money .
settlement on time , with the right monies , is another area in which licensed dealers let down the clients , but [keep] the advantage of having the use of the clients ' money .

Often the programmer rounds these to single-length values , but in order to retain precision he may wish to manipulate double-length operands ( particularly if the word-length is short ) .
often the programmer rounds these to single-length values , but in order to [keep] precision he may wish to manipulate double-length operands ( particularly if the word-length is short ) .

Political parties retain the same name over long periods , implying sameness of identity .
political parties [keep] the same name over long periods , implying sameness of identity .

The prognathous condition often involves an inclination of the occipital foramen or the latter may retain its transverse position owing to an elongation of the ventral region of the head .
the prognathous condition often involves an inclination of the occipital foramen or the latter may [keep] its transverse position owing to an elongation of the ventral region of the head .

At the same time , the walls of the pocket become extremely thin but retain their connection with the general epidermis .
at the same time , the walls of the pocket become extremely thin but [keep] their connection with the general epidermis .

Hereditary peers were to be allowed to retain their seats , speak but not vote .
hereditary peers were to be allowed to [keep] their seats , speak but not vote .

Section 8 ( 2 ) authorises the constable to seize and retain anything for which the search has been authorised .
section 8 ( 2 ) authorises the constable to seize and [keep] anything for which the search has been authorised .

It must be made clear to students that they retain their Compact entitlements and may redeem them for employment within Compact companies whenever they leave education , whether at 16+ , 18+ or after higher education .
it must be made clear to students that they [keep] their compact entitlements and may redeem them for employment within compact companies whenever they leave education , whether at 16+ , 18+ or after higher education .

Heads retain overall responsibility for the way education is conducted within the school .
heads [keep] overall responsibility for the way education is conducted within the school .

Compact students of course retain the right to seek employment wherever they wish .
compact students of course [keep] the right to seek employment wherever they wish .

Inter-generational rows are often about power : parents trying to retain their control even when their children are grown .
inter-generational rows are often about power : parents trying to [keep] their control even when their children are grown .

The ideal thermal underwear enables the skin to retain body heat , but lets perspiration out so you feel comfortable .
the ideal thermal underwear enables the skin to [keep] body heat , but lets perspiration out so you feel comfortable .

As ordinary synthetics do n't ‘ breathe ’ as well as natural fibres , look out for advanced synthetics ( polyester with viscose , polypropylene and Chlorofibre ) with hollow fibres that wick well , and are also able to retain heat .
as ordinary synthetics do n't ‘ breathe ’ as well as natural fibres , look out for advanced synthetics ( polyester with viscose , polypropylene and chlorofibre ) with hollow fibres that wick well , and are also able to [keep] heat .

Natural fibres such as silk and wool do n't retain perspiration smells , and are the best insulators , but they may not take the moisture away after exercise .
natural fibres such as silk and wool do n't [keep] perspiration smells , and are the best insulators , but they may not take the moisture away after exercise .

We were adamant from the beginning that we could n't retain the breadth of the remit if we did n't have some security of income.1 That we would enable us to resist the temptation , either from shareholders or advertisers , to turn the channel into a sort of a yuppie channel .
we were adamant from the beginning that we could n't [keep] the breadth of the remit if we did n't have some security of income.1 that we would enable us to resist the temptation , either from shareholders or advertisers , to turn the channel into a sort of a yuppie channel .

At the same time , there is a tendency for the new technologies and work routines to short-circuit the subtle relays through which journalists traditionally learned their craft and then struggled to retain some control over the final product .
at the same time , there is a tendency for the new technologies and work routines to short-circuit the subtle relays through which journalists traditionally learned their craft and then struggled to [keep] some control over the final product .

All that is clear enough from the recordings already available , and even those made in Mravinsky 's eighties retain an Ancient Mariner-like , spellbinding quality .
all that is clear enough from the recordings already available , and even those made in mravinsky 's eighties [keep] an ancient mariner-like , spellbinding quality .

first , the existing local authorities argued for the retention of the status quo ; second , some Conservative Members of Parliament sought to retain the existing system as far as possible in such areas as Surrey ; third , groups concerned with some services — particularly education — pointed out weaknesses in the proposals as far as their service was concerned ( Rhodes 1970 : 120 ) .
first , the existing local authorities argued for the retention of the status quo ; second , some conservative members of parliament sought to [keep] the existing system as far as possible in such areas as surrey ; third , groups concerned with some services — particularly education — pointed out weaknesses in the proposals as far as their service was concerned ( rhodes 1970 : 120 ) .

The proposals for ‘ a simplified , single-tier , strong local government system with a wide range of powers based on twelve to eighteen ‘ area councils ’ ( Arthur 1980:97 ) were strongly opposed by local interests who wished to retain their sectarian control in the existing small local authorities .
the proposals for ‘ a simplified , single-tier , strong local government system with a wide range of powers based on twelve to eighteen ‘ area councils ’ ( arthur 1980:97 ) were strongly opposed by local interests who wished to [keep] their sectarian control in the existing small local authorities .

The former county boroughs had preferred the unitary approach which would have made them the core of enlarged areas , but when a two-tier system was adopted it was obviously preferable from their point of view to obtain metropolitan district status and thus retain as many services as possible .
the former county boroughs had preferred the unitary approach which would have made them the core of enlarged areas , but when a two-tier system was adopted it was obviously preferable from their point of view to obtain metropolitan district status and thus [keep] as many services as possible .

The Committee on the Management of Local Government was appointed , ‘ to consider in the light of modern conditions how local government might best continue to attract and retain people ( both elected representatives and principal officers ) of the calibre necessary to ensure its maximum effectiveness ’ ( Maud 1967 Vol .
the committee on the management of local government was appointed , ‘ to consider in the light of modern conditions how local government might best continue to attract and [keep] people ( both elected representatives and principal officers ) of the calibre necessary to ensure its maximum effectiveness ’ ( maud 1967 vol .

In the councils where the members are not organised along party lines or where no party has a clear majority the debates and votes in committee and full council retain their significance .
in the councils where the members are not organised along party lines or where no party has a clear majority the debates and votes in committee and full council [keep] their significance .

The terms of reference of this committee referred to the need for local government to ‘ continue to attract and retain people … of the calibre necessary to ensure its maximum effectiveness ’ ( Maud 1967 , Vol .
the terms of reference of this committee referred to the need for local government to ‘ continue to attract and [keep] people … of the calibre necessary to ensure its maximum effectiveness ’ ( maud 1967 , vol .

In Scotland , independent councillors still retain their position on some local authorities .
in scotland , independent councillors still [keep] their position on some local authorities .

Now more of a sex vixen than the innocent girl next door it remains to be seen if one can retain her teeny bop audience while aiming for the ( slightly ) more mature rock audience .
now more of a sex vixen than the innocent girl next door it remains to be seen if one can [keep] her teeny bop audience while aiming for the ( slightly ) more mature rock audience .

As long as things remain the same , the privileged will automatically retain their privilege .
as long as things remain the same , the privileged will automatically [keep] their privilege .

John Scott 's clear and comprehensive studies of the upper class will form one main basis for our account ( Scott , 1982 ) ; following him , we can regard the establishment as a dominant status group within the upper class which uses kinship links and social networks of contacts to retain its hold on social and political influence .
john scott 's clear and comprehensive studies of the upper class will form one main basis for our account ( scott , 1982 ) ; following him , we can regard the establishment as a dominant status group within the upper class which uses kinship links and social networks of contacts to [keep] its hold on social and political influence .

The honours system symbolises social superiority while also acting as a social discipline on upper-class members who wish to retain or enhance their standing ( as with public employees seeking lesser honours ) .
the honours system symbolises social superiority while also acting as a social discipline on upper-class members who wish to [keep] or enhance their standing ( as with public employees seeking lesser honours ) .

It is increasingly difficult for the establishment elites to retain dominance over all this new activity , even if they still have charge of the key institutions such as the Bank of England .
it is increasingly difficult for the establishment elites to [keep] dominance over all this new activity , even if they still have charge of the key institutions such as the bank of england .

It seems likely that the British-based institutions will do their best to retain their old class character whilst co-opting new expert personnel and new methods of operation in order to remain competitive with the newcomers .
it seems likely that the british-based institutions will do their best to [keep] their old class character whilst co-opting new expert personnel and new methods of operation in order to remain competitive with the newcomers .

An extremist of the Right he is interested in the welfare of the people only in so far as some concession to their welfare is necessary to enable him to gain and retain dictatorial leadership .
an extremist of the right he is interested in the welfare of the people only in so far as some concession to their welfare is necessary to enable him to gain and [keep] dictatorial leadership .

It 's very hygienic because it does n't retain household dust and is easy to lay yourself .
it 's very hygienic because it does n't [keep] household dust and is easy to lay yourself .

Scotland will retain the standard uniform charge for each person for both water and sewerage .
scotland will [keep] the standard uniform charge for each person for both water and sewerage .

The Cabinet 's attitude to Europe is critical . ‘ If we sit on the outside , then it will be difficult for London to retain its top position ’
the cabinet 's attitude to europe is critical . ‘ if we sit on the outside , then it will be difficult for london to [keep] its top position ’

‘ Every notion or industry enjoying pre-eminence had failed to retain it for long , ’ he writes .
‘ every notion or industry enjoying pre-eminence had failed to [keep] it for long , ’ he writes .

Liffe chief executive Michael Jenkins warns that , in his personal view , the Government 's attitude to Europe is critical : ‘ If we sit on the outside , then it will be difficult for London to retain its position .
liffe chief executive michael jenkins warns that , in his personal view , the government 's attitude to europe is critical : ‘ if we sit on the outside , then it will be difficult for london to [keep] its position .

Fashion and design aside , it 's clear that Littlewoods intends to retain its traditional constituency among the lower socio-economic groups .
fashion and design aside , it 's clear that littlewoods intends to [keep] its traditional constituency among the lower socio-economic groups .

In the face of fame the Bavarian has managed to retain his identity , keeping his feet firmly on the ground .
in the face of fame the bavarian has managed to [keep] his identity , keeping his feet firmly on the ground .

Capirossi realises the pressures of success could so easily damage his plans to retain the 125 crown , and so he 's all the more determined to do everything just as he did in 1990 .
capirossi realises the pressures of success could so easily damage his plans to [keep] the 125 crown , and so he 's all the more determined to do everything just as he did in 1990 .

The country houses of Goa still retain their Bohemian chandeliers and a mellow stateliness ( left ) , but since land reforms have had a crippling effect on incomes , they are difficult to maintain . Most of the Goan beaches , like the one below , are still uncontaminated by the spread of concrete
the country houses of goa still [keep] their bohemian chandeliers and a mellow stateliness ( left ) , but since land reforms have had a crippling effect on incomes , they are difficult to maintain . most of the goan beaches , like the one below , are still uncontaminated by the spread of concrete

We reserve the right to decline to accept or retain any person as a client if their behaviour is , in our opinion , or in the opinion of the driver , hotelier or accommodation owner or manager or other person in authority , likely to cause distress , damage , danger or annoyance to other people or to property .
we reserve the right to decline to accept or [keep] any person as a client if their behaviour is , in our opinion , or in the opinion of the driver , hotelier or accommodation owner or manager or other person in authority , likely to cause distress , damage , danger or annoyance to other people or to property .

You will be asked to sign the booking form and the agent will retain this form on your behalf .
you will be asked to sign the booking form and the agent will [keep] this form on your behalf .

Transnational actors and growing economic interdependence result in a world where states retain their legal sovereignty but at the price of a loss of autonomy .
transnational actors and growing economic interdependence result in a world where states [keep] their legal sovereignty but at the price of a loss of autonomy .

For our purposes , and for the sake of simplicity , it will be easiest to retain the term ‘ Nazarean ’ .
for our purposes , and for the sake of simplicity , it will be easiest to [keep] the term ‘ nazarean ’ .

Rows of barrels and original fittings retain the old atmosphere .
rows of barrels and original fittings [keep] the old atmosphere .

For the more general notion of one person working upon another regardless of the medium of action , we shall retain the ordinary use of the term ‘ influence ’ .
for the more general notion of one person working upon another regardless of the medium of action , we shall [keep] the ordinary use of the term ‘ influence ’ .

Rowdies today often have quite elaborately coiffeured hairstyles — contrasting markedly with the heavy Dr Marten footwear which they still retain .
rowdies today often have quite elaborately coiffeured hairstyles — contrasting markedly with the heavy dr marten footwear which they still [keep] .

St Leonard 's church has stood witness to the incredible changes wrought by the dissolution of the monasteries and the general passage of time and yet has managed to retain its own original identity throughout all this .
st leonard 's church has stood witness to the incredible changes wrought by the dissolution of the monasteries and the general passage of time and yet has managed to [keep] its own original identity throughout all this .

a duty of confidentiality — each particular arm of a conglomerate is under a duty to retain confidential information obtained from a corporate client , known as the beneficiary , and to use that information for the benefit of the client and not for its own or some other person 's benefit . This obligation is governed by the law of breach of confidence ;
a duty of confidentiality — each particular arm of a conglomerate is under a duty to [keep] confidential information obtained from a corporate client , known as the beneficiary , and to use that information for the benefit of the client and not for its own or some other person 's benefit . this obligation is governed by the law of breach of confidence ;

Syracuse and its picturesque old town on the island of Ortigia retain an ageless charm , and inland are fortified towns like Enna .
syracuse and its picturesque old town on the island of ortigia [keep] an ageless charm , and inland are fortified towns like enna .

Until relatively recently they could only be reached by sea or on foot , and even now that they are more accessible , they still retain much of their charm and unique character .
until relatively recently they could only be reached by sea or on foot , and even now that they are more accessible , they still [keep] much of their charm and unique character .

Some , like Pesaro and Senigallia , have grown up around medieval towns and still retain old-world charm .
some , like pesaro and senigallia , have grown up around medieval towns and still [keep] old-world charm .

It is a mile above Greve and the apartments were created with love to retain the original farmhouse character and decor .
it is a mile above greve and the apartments were created with love to [keep] the original farmhouse character and decor .

In the west midlands 26 fundholders made a combined saving of over £1m on their drug bill : the ability to retain the savings for practice development seems to have provided a strong incentive .
in the west midlands 26 fundholders made a combined saving of over £1m on their drug bill : the ability to [keep] the savings for practice development seems to have provided a strong incentive .

More practices might consider a prescribing contract alone if they were allowed to retain a percentage of the savings .
more practices might consider a prescribing contract alone if they were allowed to [keep] a percentage of the savings .

Of course the editor must retain the right to decide on what fits into the journal and what does not , but the high esteem in which refereed journals are held is surely based on the assumption that the referees ' reports will be the main feature in the editor 's decision .
of course the editor must [keep] the right to decide on what fits into the journal and what does not , but the high esteem in which refereed journals are held is surely based on the assumption that the referees ' reports will be the main feature in the editor 's decision .

Some journals expect outgoing editors to retain responsibility for work in progress when they leave .
some journals expect outgoing editors to [keep] responsibility for work in progress when they leave .

Attract and retain good GPs
attract and [keep] good gps

Unlike Hegel 's slave , however , who loses his subjectivity to the Master , the ‘ slave ’ in porn must retain some subjectivity or she will cease being desirable to the master .
unlike hegel 's slave , however , who loses his subjectivity to the master , the ‘ slave ’ in porn must [keep] some subjectivity or she will cease being desirable to the master .

My wife asked me to dismantle an island breakfast bar , and retain the units so we could incorporate them into the existing kitchen later .
my wife asked me to dismantle an island breakfast bar , and [keep] the units so we could incorporate them into the existing kitchen later .

This was an attempt to retain some of the advantages of the gold standard , since stable rates of exchange were thought to be beneficial to the conduct of trade and other international transactions , and yet adjustments in the exchange rate were deemed desirable for a country facing a permanent payments imbalance .
this was an attempt to [keep] some of the advantages of the gold standard , since stable rates of exchange were thought to be beneficial to the conduct of trade and other international transactions , and yet adjustments in the exchange rate were deemed desirable for a country facing a permanent payments imbalance .

If we retain the assumption that leakages constitute 60 per cent of additional income , then a multiplier of 1.67 would apply to the increase in exports .
if we [keep] the assumption that leakages constitute 60 per cent of additional income , then a multiplier of 1.67 would apply to the increase in exports .

You 'll still retain your share in the value of the house ; but wo n't be able to do anything about it until the kids grow up .
you 'll still [keep] your share in the value of the house ; but wo n't be able to do anything about it until the kids grow up .

In adults , the use of the mouth and lips in kissing is the frequently permitted act of oral gratification , although eating and drinking retain a weaker gratification for the oral sexual impulses .
in adults , the use of the mouth and lips in kissing is the frequently permitted act of oral gratification , although eating and drinking [keep] a weaker gratification for the oral sexual impulses .

The child may retain his stools partly for the erotic pleasure of later letting go , but also as an act of defiance against the parents .
the child may [keep] his stools partly for the erotic pleasure of later letting go , but also as an act of defiance against the parents .

Women who are regarded with respect , such as the mother , retain the penis long after this date .
women who are regarded with respect , such as the mother , [keep] the penis long after this date .

Furthermore , most people under hypnosis do not lose their moral conscience , and their ego ideal retains some critical functions which both the person in love may not retain and which people in crowds may also lose .
furthermore , most people under hypnosis do not lose their moral conscience , and their ego ideal retains some critical functions which both the person in love may not [keep] and which people in crowds may also lose .

These wishes concern the need for protection through love from a parent ; the need for relief from the feeling of helplessness which adults retain from their babyhood ; and the desire to see justice fulfilled , which is met by positing another , future , life .
these wishes concern the need for protection through love from a parent ; the need for relief from the feeling of helplessness which adults [keep] from their babyhood ; and the desire to see justice fulfilled , which is met by positing another , future , life .

If Freud could manage to retain the pleasure principle , and also outline theoretically how other principles might operate , using energy from different instinctual sources , then this would be a perfectly reasonable development .
if freud could manage to [keep] the pleasure principle , and also outline theoretically how other principles might operate , using energy from different instinctual sources , then this would be a perfectly reasonable development .

This means that under normal conditions of display , a work in Polychromos pastels should retain its original freshness and colour quality for many years to come .
this means that under normal conditions of display , a work in polychromos pastels should [keep] its original freshness and colour quality for many years to come .

The White Hart Lane power battle took a new twist when Venables ' associate Edward Ashby was sacked from his consultant post , a move which appears to weaken Venables position still further as he fights chairman Alan Sugar to retain his £200,000 a year job .
the white hart lane power battle took a new twist when venables ' associate edward ashby was sacked from his consultant post , a move which appears to weaken venables position still further as he fights chairman alan sugar to [keep] his £200,000 a year job .

Despite their contest with the Labour council , they retain their loyalty . ``
despite their contest with the labour council , they [keep] their loyalty . ``

‘ We must retain a team spirit of purpose and commitment to reach the summit and return successfully to base before the autumn monsoon . ’
‘ we must [keep] a team spirit of purpose and commitment to reach the summit and return successfully to base before the autumn monsoon . ’

Our service staff have also been working hard to ensure the highest standards in difficult times and to help retain our customers .
our service staff have also been working hard to ensure the highest standards in difficult times and to help [keep] our customers .

It is important that we retain our leading position in the country .
it is important that we [keep] our leading position in the country .

We shall not only survive but continue to grow so long as we give value for money , retain our record of innovation and flexibility , keep the confidence and goodwill of our clients and ensure that we have the best possible range of materials , methods and people in the industry .
we shall not only survive but continue to grow so long as we give value for money , [keep] our record of innovation and flexibility , keep the confidence and goodwill of our clients and ensure that we have the best possible range of materials , methods and people in the industry .

Nevertheless , the Care Sector Consortium , the industry lead body for the sector , has emphasised that the existing awards will retain parity of esteem with the new SVQs .
nevertheless , the care sector consortium , the industry lead body for the sector , has emphasised that the existing awards will [keep] parity of esteem with the new svqs .

We must not , however , take short-term measures , such as heavy price discounting , in order to retain market share .
we must not , however , take short-term measures , such as heavy price discounting , in order to [keep] market share .

‘ Highly rated for ability to attract , develop and retain top talent . ’ ‘ The Economist ’ Survey of Britain 's most admired Companies 1989
‘ highly rated for ability to attract , develop and [keep] top talent . ’ ‘ the economist ’ survey of britain 's most admired companies 1989

To obtain and retain a certificate , an actuary will now have to meet specialist requirements including relevant experience and to maintain a programme of regular professional education .
to obtain and [keep] a certificate , an actuary will now have to meet specialist requirements including relevant experience and to maintain a programme of regular professional education .

Vital need for customer service if Group is to retain the leading edge over competition
vital need for customer service if group is to [keep] the leading edge over competition

Robin stressed the vital need for customer service — for end users , trade customers and for our internal customers , our colleagues — if the company is to gain and retain the leading edge over competition .
robin stressed the vital need for customer service — for end users , trade customers and for our internal customers , our colleagues — if the company is to gain and [keep] the leading edge over competition .

You should retain the other copy for your own information .
you should [keep] the other copy for your own information .

You should retain the other copy for your own information .
you should [keep] the other copy for your own information .

The best manner of displaying that allegiance , nowadays , is to retain jobs and , indeed , create jobs as they would be well capable of at this present time .
the best manner of displaying that allegiance , nowadays , is to [keep] jobs and , indeed , create jobs as they would be well capable of at this present time .

Is it not good enough for ‘ Managers ’ to be sent with briefs , memorised in their heads , to have fireside chats with the best and brightest , telling them that in this day and age their promotion is really the ability to retain their jobs .
is it not good enough for ‘ managers ’ to be sent with briefs , memorised in their heads , to have fireside chats with the best and brightest , telling them that in this day and age their promotion is really the ability to [keep] their jobs .

Overwhelmingly , our members want to retain statutory registration to protect the public from impostors and the unqualified .
overwhelmingly , our members want to [keep] statutory registration to protect the public from impostors and the unqualified .

Three main reasons were given for the apparent lack of enthusiasm : board members found it difficult to spare additional time for this form of training ; they were doubtful of the ability of outside trainers to provide training in tune with local needs ; attempts by some education authorities to retain part of the training budget in order to supply such area sessions were seen by some members as demonstrating a lack of trust in the board 's ability to organise its own training .
three main reasons were given for the apparent lack of enthusiasm : board members found it difficult to spare additional time for this form of training ; they were doubtful of the ability of outside trainers to provide training in tune with local needs ; attempts by some education authorities to [keep] part of the training budget in order to supply such area sessions were seen by some members as demonstrating a lack of trust in the board 's ability to organise its own training .

Rising capital growth also helped the retail sector retain its high return of 10.9 per cent , again with rentals holding steady .
rising capital growth also helped the retail sector [keep] its high return of 10.9 per cent , again with rentals holding steady .

to retain temperature controls but relax those on some products with a short shelf-life ;
to [keep] temperature controls but relax those on some products with a short shelf-life ;

Richard Coleman , managing directors of Compass Commercial Services , agreed that the MoD was a significant marketplace , although most of the contracts were now being let on a retender basis and a new insecurity in what was already a high risk business had recently presented itself — the application to the public sector of Transfer of Undertakings legislation , when incoming contractors are obliged to retain staff at current rates of pay , terms and conditions , or pick up the redundancy liability .
richard coleman , managing directors of compass commercial services , agreed that the mod was a significant marketplace , although most of the contracts were now being let on a retender basis and a new insecurity in what was already a high risk business had recently presented itself — the application to the public sector of transfer of undertakings legislation , when incoming contractors are obliged to [keep] staff at current rates of pay , terms and conditions , or pick up the redundancy liability .

The head teacher and the school board wish to retain the status quo and the Village Association also desires the retention of the nursery in its present location .
the head teacher and the school board wish to [keep] the status quo and the village association also desires the retention of the nursery in its present location .

Members are requested to retain the papers for their use at the appropriate Committee meetings and the Regional Council .
members are requested to [keep] the papers for their use at the appropriate committee meetings and the regional council .

Emergency Duty Team will retain the lines until 8.15 each morning and take the phone lines back at 4.55pm/4.05pm .
emergency duty team will [keep] the lines until 8.15 each morning and take the phone lines back at 4.55pm/4.05pm .

The agenda for these meetings will be issued in due course and members are asked to retain their copy of the Draft Structure Plan to take to these meetings , as appropriate .
the agenda for these meetings will be issued in due course and members are asked to [keep] their copy of the draft structure plan to take to these meetings , as appropriate .

In such cases , he should ask that the lorry be re-tared within 24 hours and retain the ticket until this is done , or alternatively , he may follow the procedure in Note 4 .
in such cases , he should ask that the lorry be re-tared within 24 hours and [keep] the ticket until this is done , or alternatively , he may follow the procedure in note 4 .

If he had not been there , none of it would have happened , but because he was there , she had to retain control .
if he had not been there , none of it would have happened , but because he was there , she had to [keep] control .

Assuming that the Council would continue to retain ‘ final authority ’ , Edwin Kerr nevertheless pointed out , at the end of 1973 , the logic of the decisions the Council had made .
assuming that the council would continue to [keep] ‘ final authority ’ , edwin kerr nevertheless pointed out , at the end of 1973 , the logic of the decisions the council had made .

’ We can see that , in these terms , all immediate-return hunter-gatherers qualify as ‘ food addicts ’ because , never having been weaned , they retain the primal , nutritive addiction to the breast .
’ we can see that , in these terms , all immediate-return hunter-gatherers qualify as ‘ food addicts ’ because , never having been weaned , they [keep] the primal , nutritive addiction to the breast .

It takes a crusading type like the Admiral to find out what 's going on and retain the desire to do something about it .
it takes a crusading type like the admiral to find out what 's going on and [keep] the desire to do something about it .

The history of this experiment since the Second World War is one of attempted decentralization to self-managing institutions in the context of pressures to retain centralized bureaucratic control by state agencies .
the history of this experiment since the second world war is one of attempted decentralization to self-managing institutions in the context of pressures to [keep] centralized bureaucratic control by state agencies .

In addition to fronting , TNCs resorted to public sale of shares to dilute ownership and retain effective control , technical agreements with Nigerian partners , negotiation of exemptions from the authorities , the two company strategy , changes in voting rules to disenfranchise local partners , dividing boards of directors , bringing in expatriate executives , bribery and simply ignoring the law .
in addition to fronting , tncs resorted to public sale of shares to dilute ownership and [keep] effective control , technical agreements with nigerian partners , negotiation of exemptions from the authorities , the two company strategy , changes in voting rules to disenfranchise local partners , dividing boards of directors , bringing in expatriate executives , bribery and simply ignoring the law .

They are also a reminder that although the 1474 agreement had forbidden the two nobles to retain the same men , this left open the possibility of other forms of shared allegiance .
they are also a reminder that although the 1474 agreement had forbidden the two nobles to [keep] the same men , this left open the possibility of other forms of shared allegiance .

It followed that Northumberland 's men were in a sense Gloucester 's men , even though the duke could not retain them directly .
it followed that northumberland 's men were in a sense gloucester 's men , even though the duke could not [keep] them directly .

Such a ‘ multi-factor ’ approach1 ( Lydall , 1968 ) brings inequality policy back into play by recognizing that the unequal and the poor have not simply chosen their lot , but it does retain the emphasis on education and training dominant in the human capital approach .
such a ‘ multi-factor ’ approach1 ( lydall , 1968 ) brings inequality policy back into play by recognizing that the unequal and the poor have not simply chosen their lot , but it does [keep] the emphasis on education and training dominant in the human capital approach .

The operation of the offline system is designed on the assumption that any media used to retain offline files are of the nature of ‘ write-once ’ media .
the operation of the offline system is designed on the assumption that any media used to [keep] offline files are of the nature of ‘ write-once ’ media .

By running these facilities , perhaps on a weekly basis , the online file store will retain relevant module versions while the offline file store will aggregate the module versions not currently required .
by running these facilities , perhaps on a weekly basis , the online file store will [keep] relevant module versions while the offline file store will aggregate the module versions not currently required .

Each user , having inspected an item of mail , can elect to delete the message , retain it for later examination , or have it formatted to a file for printing .
each user , having inspected an item of mail , can elect to delete the message , [keep] it for later examination , or have it formatted to a file for printing .

You can , of course , print any mail messages you wish to retain using 6.2.0 — Print Mail Index .
you can , of course , print any mail messages you wish to [keep] using 6.2.0 — print mail index .

You can , of course , print any mail messages you wish to retain using 6.2.0 — Print Mail Index .
you can , of course , print any mail messages you wish to [keep] using 6.2.0 — print mail index .

Yet , he still somehow manages to listen to virtually everything that 's sent in and retain the same enthusiasm for music that has been with him through his 23 years at Radio 1 .
yet , he still somehow manages to listen to virtually everything that 's sent in and [keep] the same enthusiasm for music that has been with him through his 23 years at radio 1 .

Even today the older houses have gables and mullioned windows which show that they were built in the seventeenth century and some of the later cottages that were erected in rows or clustered in folds during John Hey 's lifetime retain their long ranges of upstairs windows which allowed the maximum amount of light to fall on the looms .
even today the older houses have gables and mullioned windows which show that they were built in the seventeenth century and some of the later cottages that were erected in rows or clustered in folds during john hey 's lifetime [keep] their long ranges of upstairs windows which allowed the maximum amount of light to fall on the looms .

One of the most familiar properties of solids is their ability to retain their shapes .
one of the most familiar properties of solids is their ability to [keep] their shapes .

Bobbio , like Schumpeter and Dahl , wishes to retain the competitive model of different parties for the peoples ' vote .
bobbio , like schumpeter and dahl , wishes to [keep] the competitive model of different parties for the peoples ' vote .

Flowers and foliage from both air-dry well and retain good colour .
flowers and foliage from both air-dry well and [keep] good colour .

Great credit is due to all sections of the company which contribute to the retail operation and we will be striving very hard to retain the award by offering the retailer unbeatable service .
great credit is due to all sections of the company which contribute to the retail operation and we will be striving very hard to [keep] the award by offering the retailer unbeatable service .

The selection of the most appropriate structure will depend on the degree to which participants are prepared to commit themselves financially , their desire to retain ownership and the risks and obligations entailed .
the selection of the most appropriate structure will depend on the degree to which participants are prepared to commit themselves financially , their desire to [keep] ownership and the risks and obligations entailed .

The amount of contingency sum allocated to each of these budgets should reflect the degree of uncertainty within the work of the design team as well as the degree of control which the project manager wishes to retain over the team .
the amount of contingency sum allocated to each of these budgets should reflect the degree of uncertainty within the work of the design team as well as the degree of control which the project manager wishes to [keep] over the team .

The nomination of subcontractors , whereby the main contract or the engineer stipulates the name of a subcontractor whom the main contractor must employ , should generally be avoided unless , for example , it is necessary to retain specialists skills or to observe a time constraint .
the nomination of subcontractors , whereby the main contract or the engineer stipulates the name of a subcontractor whom the main contractor must employ , should generally be avoided unless , for example , it is necessary to [keep] specialists skills or to observe a time constraint .

South Africa opened an " interests office " in Windhoek on Dec. 13 , 1989 , offering a full range of consular services , including issue of passports and visas ; the deputy head of the office said : " South Africa demonstrates by this that we want to be good neighbours and hope it will be possible to retain normal and friendly relations with the neighbouring state . "
south africa opened an " interests office " in windhoek on dec. 13 , 1989 , offering a full range of consular services , including issue of passports and visas ; the deputy head of the office said : " south africa demonstrates by this that we want to be good neighbours and hope it will be possible to [keep] normal and friendly relations with the neighbouring state . "

The national congress of the Democratic Party , which had been formed in February 1989 [ see p. 36453 ] , on Oct. 7 , 1989 , voted to retain its collective three-person leadership , comprising Zach de Beer , Wynand Malan and Denis Worrall .
the national congress of the democratic party , which had been formed in february 1989 [ see p. 36453 ] , on oct. 7 , 1989 , voted to [keep] its collective three-person leadership , comprising zach de beer , wynand malan and denis worrall .

Granting of autonomy to Central Bank — Further efforts by outgoing government to retain power base
granting of autonomy to central bank — further efforts by outgoing government to [keep] power base

Such devaluations were reportedly made to retain competitiveness with the heavily devalued Argentinian austral [ see p. 37244 ] in order to stem the flow of contraband into the country .
such devaluations were reportedly made to [keep] competitiveness with the heavily devalued argentinian austral [ see p. 37244 ] in order to stem the flow of contraband into the country .

Other regulations were also relaxed , but it was still envisaged that the state would retain 51 per cent participation in publicly controlled banks ( accounting for an estimated 80 per cent of the sector ) .
other regulations were also relaxed , but it was still envisaged that the state would [keep] 51 per cent participation in publicly controlled banks ( accounting for an estimated 80 per cent of the sector ) .

The decision of President Violeta Barrios de Chamorro , inaugurated on April 25 , to retain the Sandinista leader Cdr .
the decision of president violeta barrios de chamorro , inaugurated on april 25 , to [keep] the sandinista leader cdr .

Czechoslovakia viewed the Warsaw Pact as a temporary body , whose role was co-operation between states in disarmament talks , and intended to retain its Pact membership , provided that a political and military reorganization was carried through .
czechoslovakia viewed the warsaw pact as a temporary body , whose role was co-operation between states in disarmament talks , and intended to [keep] its pact membership , provided that a political and military reorganization was carried through .

The present reforms would retain the system of co-operatives , but allow farmers to take possession of livestock from the collective and state farms and to retain up to 30 per cent of their produce for private consumption or sale .
the present reforms would [keep] the system of co-operatives , but allow farmers to take possession of livestock from the collective and state farms and to [keep] up to 30 per cent of their produce for private consumption or sale .

It favoured the formation of an all-German Green party as a confederation in which the two parties would retain considerable autonomy and also advocated ( in contrast to the East German Greens ) a broader radical-ecological alliance with East German citizens ' movements such as the Independent Women 's Union and the United Left [ see p. 37301 ] .
it favoured the formation of an all-german green party as a confederation in which the two parties would [keep] considerable autonomy and also advocated ( in contrast to the east german greens ) a broader radical-ecological alliance with east german citizens ' movements such as the independent women 's union and the united left [ see p. 37301 ] .

The Swiss Confederation has a republican , federal Constitution under which the 20 cantons and six half-cantons retain considerable autonomy .
the swiss confederation has a republican , federal constitution under which the 20 cantons and six half-cantons [keep] considerable autonomy .

As production techniques improve , brewers and winemakers are able to produce reduced alcohol drinks that retain their original flavours .
as production techniques improve , brewers and winemakers are able to produce reduced alcohol drinks that [keep] their original flavours .

Produced by the winemaker acclaimed for " 1989 Wine Magazine/Good Wine Guide , White Wine of the Year " , this is a superb example of a product vinified to retain all the characteristics of a fruity well balanced wine .
produced by the winemaker acclaimed for " 1989 wine magazine/good wine guide , white wine of the year " , this is a superb example of a product vinified to [keep] all the characteristics of a fruity well balanced wine .

Although Doe 's death effectively removed his grouping from its bid to retain power , a substantial number of troops under the command of the newest head of the presidential guard , Brig .
although doe 's death effectively removed his grouping from its bid to [keep] power , a substantial number of troops under the command of the newest head of the presidential guard , brig .

The formation of the new Israeli Cabinet in June 1990 and its promises to retain the occupied territories and crush the intifada [ see pp .
the formation of the new israeli cabinet in june 1990 and its promises to [keep] the occupied territories and crush the intifada [ see pp .

Therefore , by dismissing Peres at the time he did , Shamir made certain that he would retain the premiership whatever the outcome of the Knesset vote .
therefore , by dismissing peres at the time he did , shamir made certain that he would [keep] the premiership whatever the outcome of the knesset vote .

They could engage in foreign trade , and retain 50 per cent of export earnings in foreign currency , but would require Ministry of Foreign Trade approval if they sought foreign capital investment .
they could engage in foreign trade , and [keep] 50 per cent of export earnings in foreign currency , but would require ministry of foreign trade approval if they sought foreign capital investment .

The government would retain control through ownership of 66 per cent of voting shares ; private Mexican investors would remain eligible for ownership of the remaining 34 per cent of voting shares , as had been the case since the partial privatization of the banking system in 1987 [ see pp .
the government would [keep] control through ownership of 66 per cent of voting shares ; private mexican investors would remain eligible for ownership of the remaining 34 per cent of voting shares , as had been the case since the partial privatization of the banking system in 1987 [ see pp .

William 's suspension of habeas corpus in the early years of the war , his use of the royal veto , and his attempt to retain a standing army in peacetime after the Treaty of Ryswick in 1697 , further aroused Country suspicions about the strength of the executive .
william 's suspension of habeas corpus in the early years of the war , his use of the royal veto , and his attempt to [keep] a standing army in peacetime after the treaty of ryswick in 1697 , further aroused country suspicions about the strength of the executive .

But the Bank has always indicated that it would only take such a step in exceptional circumstances and continues to stress its awareness of the need to avoid actions which could be seen as capricious if it is to retain the confidence of market makers and investors in gilt-edged stock .
but the bank has always indicated that it would only take such a step in exceptional circumstances and continues to stress its awareness of the need to avoid actions which could be seen as capricious if it is to [keep] the confidence of market makers and investors in gilt-edged stock .

Most of the British leadership still wished to retain the upper hand wherever possible , and there were the usual doubts as to American consistency of purpose .
most of the british leadership still wished to [keep] the upper hand wherever possible , and there were the usual doubts as to american consistency of purpose .

He added that few of America 's allies would have supported military action in Indo-China , and he believed that since the United States could not run the free world by itself a reappraisal of its policies was necessary to retain allied support .
he added that few of america 's allies would have supported military action in indo-china , and he believed that since the united states could not run the free world by itself a reappraisal of its policies was necessary to [keep] allied support .

They hoped to retain the use of two key air bases in Iraq without — in the process — offering too many hostages to the radical Iraqi nationalists who were determined to break the British connection .
they hoped to [keep] the use of two key air bases in iraq without — in the process — offering too many hostages to the radical iraqi nationalists who were determined to break the british connection .

Other circumstances as well as the interplay of national interests ensured that Britain was at first able to retain her special position in America 's network of alliances .
other circumstances as well as the interplay of national interests ensured that britain was at first able to [keep] her special position in america 's network of alliances .

The Third Department recommended in an official memorandum of 1861 that the government strive `` to retain in its own hands the standard of the progressive movement which it itself has started `` .
the third department recommended in an official memorandum of 1861 that the government strive `` to [keep] in its own hands the standard of the progressive movement which it itself has started `` .

Strong and timely market analysis may enable a firm to retain its investor base .
strong and timely market analysis may enable a firm to [keep] its investor base .

Try to retain an auction style process , playing the potential purchasers ( real or imaginary ( very high risk ) ) off against each other .
try to [keep] an auction style process , playing the potential purchasers ( real or imaginary ( very high risk ) ) off against each other .

Suggested Compromise:The Purchaser to retain rights to claim damages , unless the Vendor rescinds for a material breach — other than a breach which is ‘ self inflicted ’ .
suggested compromise:the purchaser to [keep] rights to claim damages , unless the vendor rescinds for a material breach — other than a breach which is ‘ self inflicted ’ .

If your hands and arms are n't strong , it would be a good idea to start with your hand positioned well down the grip of the club so that you are able to retain the necessary angle throughout the movement .
if your hands and arms are n't strong , it would be a good idea to start with your hand positioned well down the grip of the club so that you are able to [keep] the necessary angle throughout the movement .

You should ensure that your arm remains straight throughout the movement and that you retain the wrist angle shown .
you should ensure that your arm remains straight throughout the movement and that you [keep] the wrist angle shown .

( 3 ) Retain the angle until the club arrives parallel to the ground .
( 3 ) [keep] the angle until the club arrives parallel to the ground .

Because of disquiet among ordinary members there , George Devlin , Vice-Chairman of the company , says that they wish to retain the atmosphere of a private members ' club , while delightful Chairman Michael Broke , told me that the plan is to raise standards even higher .
because of disquiet among ordinary members there , george devlin , vice-chairman of the company , says that they wish to [keep] the atmosphere of a private members ' club , while delightful chairman michael broke , told me that the plan is to raise standards even higher .

— to distribute or retain profits ;
— to distribute or [keep] profits ;

Try to retain some sort of control over an emotional matter and expect partners to behave unpredictably and thoughtlessly .
try to [keep] some sort of control over an emotional matter and expect partners to behave unpredictably and thoughtlessly .

Derry were the last county to retain their Ulster title in 1976 , so in a sense history is against Donegal .
derry were the last county to [keep] their ulster title in 1976 , so in a sense history is against donegal .

Their senior men 's team of Steve Hawkins , Mark Croasdale , Sean Livesey and Mike Kinch will start hot favourites to retain the team .
their senior men 's team of steve hawkins , mark croasdale , sean livesey and mike kinch will start hot favourites to [keep] the team .

The agreement will ensure that the Adelaide will fully retain its Protestant ethos when it is merged with two other Dublin hospitals , the Meath and the National Children 's Hospital , in a new hospital in the rapidly-expanding suburb of Tallaght .
the agreement will ensure that the adelaide will fully [keep] its protestant ethos when it is merged with two other dublin hospitals , the meath and the national children 's hospital , in a new hospital in the rapidly-expanding suburb of tallaght .

Mr Peter Bonsall of the London Borough of Islington 's Parks Department , says , `` This is a site we have fought hard to retain .
mr peter bonsall of the london borough of islington 's parks department , says , `` this is a site we have fought hard to [keep] .

The dummies are dressed in worn clothes which retain a strong human scent , and some have mobile heads which give an illusion of life as they move into the wind .
the dummies are dressed in worn clothes which [keep] a strong human scent , and some have mobile heads which give an illusion of life as they move into the wind .

The tiger population may number some 500 or more , the largest surviving single population of the 7-8,000 in the world , and the only one which conforms to scientific calculations of the number required to retain the broad genetic base for natural evolution .
the tiger population may number some 500 or more , the largest surviving single population of the 7-8,000 in the world , and the only one which conforms to scientific calculations of the number required to [keep] the broad genetic base for natural evolution .

On the other hand , if the order is opposed , the usual action must be taken to retain and brief counsel , to settle precognitions and to arrange for a hearing before the commissioners .
on the other hand , if the order is opposed , the usual action must be taken to [keep] and brief counsel , to settle precognitions and to arrange for a hearing before the commissioners .

It will , however , retain the fundamental principles of openness , fairness and impartiality considered essential by the Franks Committee .
it will , however , [keep] the fundamental principles of openness , fairness and impartiality considered essential by the franks committee .

The intention to run the jack of hearts on the second round was well thought out as it would have allowed declarer to retain control of the trump suit , even if the second trump trick had been lost .
the intention to run the jack of hearts on the second round was well thought out as it would have allowed declarer to [keep] control of the trump suit , even if the second trump trick had been lost .

If you want to retain a copy of the session
if you want to [keep] a copy of the session

Kept making eye-contact with the audience , and used voice modulation well to retain audience attention .
kept making eye-contact with the audience , and used voice modulation well to [keep] audience attention .

But a few will retain the property of self-replication , while being different from the parent on some other respect .
but a few will [keep] the property of self-replication , while being different from the parent on some other respect .

It was necessary either to retain the existing records system and recruit an additional member of the clerical team , or to tackle the problem -employee record keeping and reporting — at source , and create a more efficient and appropriate information system .
it was necessary either to [keep] the existing records system and recruit an additional member of the clerical team , or to tackle the problem -employee record keeping and reporting — at source , and create a more efficient and appropriate information system .

That she could retain it through the tough years of the Depression with no outside help and very little money is remarkable .
that she could [keep] it through the tough years of the depression with no outside help and very little money is remarkable .

The rule that delivery and payment are concurrent conditions ties in with the unpaid seller 's lien ( see Chapter 12 ) which entitles him in the absence of contrary agreement to retain the goods until payment .
the rule that delivery and payment are concurrent conditions ties in with the unpaid seller 's lien ( see chapter 12 ) which entitles him in the absence of contrary agreement to [keep] the goods until payment .

The unpaid seller has a right in the circumstances provided by section 41 ( 1 ) to retain possession of the goods until he is paid or payment is tendered to him .
the unpaid seller has a right in the circumstances provided by section 41 ( 1 ) to [keep] possession of the goods until he is paid or payment is tendered to him .

If it is not severable , the seller can retain any part of the goods to compel payment of any part or all of the price .
if it is not severable , the seller can [keep] any part of the goods to compel payment of any part or all of the price .

Section 44 provides that the seller can resume possession of the goods and retain them until payment or tender of the price to him , if two conditions are both fulfilled :
section 44 provides that the seller can resume possession of the goods and [keep] them until payment or tender of the price to him , if two conditions are both fulfilled :

The ability to communicate at all levels , and to retain the confidence of your clients is vital ; you have to work with each other , so this confidence must exist and must override any personality clashes .
the ability to communicate at all levels , and to [keep] the confidence of your clients is vital ; you have to work with each other , so this confidence must exist and must override any personality clashes .

to agree with the other Divisions the core service specification , procurement and management they will wish to retain in-house ;
to agree with the other divisions the core service specification , procurement and management they will wish to [keep] in-house ;

He will be anxious to retain your custom so you might give him a try first .
he will be anxious to [keep] your custom so you might give him a try first .

Flatbed scanner users ( like us ) have to feed the sheets in by hand ( but can read text from books without photocopying them first — swings and roundabouts ) but retain the facility to read multiple pages .
flatbed scanner users ( like us ) have to feed the sheets in by hand ( but can read text from books without photocopying them first — swings and roundabouts ) but [keep] the facility to read multiple pages .

Milan , inevitably , are strong favourites to retain the title they won last season , especially after signing new stars Papin and Lentini .
milan , inevitably , are strong favourites to [keep] the title they won last season , especially after signing new stars papin and lentini .

Champion Hodkinson blows away Benichou to retain title
champion hodkinson blows away benichou to [keep] title

‘ But that does n't mean we do n't still retain our national idiosyncrasies .
‘ but that does n't mean we do n't still [keep] our national idiosyncrasies .

Yet , in a somewhat art-y place like Freud 's which recently displayed the photographic work of Jane Ralley , the solitary wild-eyed scribbler was not too out of place ; but then , judging by the subject of half of the photographs in the show , the owner could count on this crowd to retain its sophisticated bonhomie in the face of far more deliberate provocation .
yet , in a somewhat art-y place like freud 's which recently displayed the photographic work of jane ralley , the solitary wild-eyed scribbler was not too out of place ; but then , judging by the subject of half of the photographs in the show , the owner could count on this crowd to [keep] its sophisticated bonhomie in the face of far more deliberate provocation .

Most hospitals retain records relevant to deceased people received into the mortuary , together with the numbers of post-mortem examinations , and any infectious conditions found subsequently .
most hospitals [keep] records relevant to deceased people received into the mortuary , together with the numbers of post-mortem examinations , and any infectious conditions found subsequently .

Lastly , it may be noted that the male skull is less rounded , the female skull tending to retain more the adolescent form .
lastly , it may be noted that the male skull is less rounded , the female skull tending to [keep] more the adolescent form .

To be of any practical use , an object made from a polymeric material must be able to retain its shape when subjected to even small tensions or compressions over long periods of time .
to be of any practical use , an object made from a polymeric material must be able to [keep] its shape when subjected to even small tensions or compressions over long periods of time .

We need to attract and retain members and that can be done with information which is very powerful .
we need to attract and [keep] members and that can be done with information which is very powerful .

’ she asked Mrs Mitchell in a letter of 28 May , ‘ Do they appear to retain any recollections of papa and Mamma ?
’ she asked mrs mitchell in a letter of 28 may , ‘ do they appear to [keep] any recollections of papa and mamma ?

For all the unmanoeuvrability of armour in the inhospitable southern sector , the Iraqi leadership evidently decided to retain the option to bring it into play at some stage , at least during the warmer months .
for all the unmanoeuvrability of armour in the inhospitable southern sector , the iraqi leadership evidently decided to [keep] the option to bring it into play at some stage , at least during the warmer months .

But the role of both art and the artist-in-residence , more often female than male , have not always been appreciated by the medical profession , funds are low and artists can find themselves struggling to retain their identity .
but the role of both art and the artist-in-residence , more often female than male , have not always been appreciated by the medical profession , funds are low and artists can find themselves struggling to [keep] their identity .

She even de-sexualises her figures in order to emphasise these spiritual qualities , making them fairly androgynous looking at times , although they retain enough of a feminine aspect to make them clearly women .
she even de-sexualises her figures in order to emphasise these spiritual qualities , making them fairly androgynous looking at times , although they [keep] enough of a feminine aspect to make them clearly women .

The religious freedom of Christians in Spain , however , was not suppressed and they were permitted to retain their churches and worship in them .
the religious freedom of christians in spain , however , was not suppressed and they were permitted to [keep] their churches and worship in them .

Such arms were generally apsidal in one or three apses and these designs led to the later development of the chevet , particularly seen in France ; also , in order to retain their privacy , the monks re-established the nave altars east of the crossing , so confirming the eastern altar position .
such arms were generally apsidal in one or three apses and these designs led to the later development of the chevet , particularly seen in france ; also , in order to [keep] their privacy , the monks re-established the nave altars east of the crossing , so confirming the eastern altar position .

Few English cathedrals still have Norman vaults ; they either retain a timber roof as at Ely , or more commonly were re-vaulted in the Gothic period ; there are , however , numerous examples of Romanesque arcades supporting later vaults — a tribute to Norman constructional ability .
few english cathedrals still have norman vaults ; they either [keep] a timber roof as at ely , or more commonly were re-vaulted in the gothic period ; there are , however , numerous examples of romanesque arcades supporting later vaults — a tribute to norman constructional ability .

The English heritage is rich and , of these buildings standing all over the country , many retain a considerable Romanesque portion .
the english heritage is rich and , of these buildings standing all over the country , many [keep] a considerable romanesque portion .

Durham is one of the very few ecclesiastical buildings in England to retain its original clerestory windows ( as can be seen in Fig .
durham is one of the very few ecclesiastical buildings in england to [keep] its original clerestory windows ( as can be seen in fig .

Among those which retain their unity of treatment are the Grandes Places in Brussels and in Antwerp .
among those which [keep] their unity of treatment are the grandes places in brussels and in antwerp .

Similarly , a respectable suburban life may well be suppressed by an individual who wants to retain credibility amongst the gang .
similarly , a respectable suburban life may well be suppressed by an individual who wants to [keep] credibility amongst the gang .

The emphasis on locality and variable demands on national government is one which we need to retain for our alternative view of the state .
the emphasis on locality and variable demands on national government is one which we need to [keep] for our alternative view of the state .

But by using old pieces of furniture of odd shapes and sizes you may well sacrifice the conventional work surface to retain character .
but by using old pieces of furniture of odd shapes and sizes you may well sacrifice the conventional work surface to [keep] character .

He was merely taunting in his usual manner and she was quite pleased with herself that she had managed to retain some control when he 'd kissed her .
he was merely taunting in his usual manner and she was quite pleased with herself that she had managed to [keep] some control when he 'd kissed her .

It was decided to retain the original definition and possibly conduct further tests at some future time , when the obtainable accuracy and required conditions were better understood .
it was decided to [keep] the original definition and possibly conduct further tests at some future time , when the obtainable accuracy and required conditions were better understood .

( b ) Adjust the illumination and restart at Option 1 to recalculate the blackout and whiteout points , or Option 4 to retain the previous values and merely recalculate the ‘ best ’ exposure .
( b ) adjust the illumination and restart at option 1 to recalculate the blackout and whiteout points , or option 4 to [keep] the previous values and merely recalculate the ‘ best ’ exposure .

Firstly they enable large systems to be produced yet still retain clarity within the grammar .
firstly they enable large systems to be produced yet still [keep] clarity within the grammar .

The result of this approach is that it is not necessary to retain all of the information stored in the interface for all words in the text .
the result of this approach is that it is not necessary to [keep] all of the information stored in the interface for all words in the text .

In their eyes she was just too glamorous to be serious about her job and Kate realised she was going to have her work cut out tomorrow morning if she was to get and retain their respect on equal terms .
in their eyes she was just too glamorous to be serious about her job and kate realised she was going to have her work cut out tomorrow morning if she was to get and [keep] their respect on equal terms .

It would mean seeing Alain again and she was n't sure if she could do that and retain any distance .
it would mean seeing alain again and she was n't sure if she could do that and [keep] any distance .

And the slick export companies and landowners are anxious to keep it that way in order to retain total flexibility in hiring , firing and wage levels .
and the slick export companies and landowners are anxious to keep it that way in order to [keep] total flexibility in hiring , firing and wage levels .

Only when European imperialism penetrated the Middle East did they decline ; today they retain an echo of their former status , with hugs suqs ( markets ) and mosques at the centre of the old cities .
only when european imperialism penetrated the middle east did they decline ; today they [keep] an echo of their former status , with hugs suqs ( markets ) and mosques at the centre of the old cities .

Politicians , accountants , television producers , newspaper editors and all such mandarins who have set themselves up as authorities with power to say yea or nay to us , to sift right from wrong , good from bad , lawful from criminal , and to decide what the rest of us may know and what we may not ( ‘ All the News that 's Fit to Print ’ ) exploit this wondrous paradoxical nature of language with uncanny skill to attain and retain their hegemony over others .
politicians , accountants , television producers , newspaper editors and all such mandarins who have set themselves up as authorities with power to say yea or nay to us , to sift right from wrong , good from bad , lawful from criminal , and to decide what the rest of us may know and what we may not ( ‘ all the news that 's fit to print ’ ) exploit this wondrous paradoxical nature of language with uncanny skill to attain and [keep] their hegemony over others .

The House will know that the Government thought long and hard about their decision to retain the statutory training board .
the house will know that the government thought long and hard about their decision to [keep] the statutory training board .

Will the Minister acknowledge that , if the review takes place next year , the construction industry training board may say that it wants to retain a statutory levy , to determine the rate of levy imposed and also wants flexibility on exemptions . Will the Minister respond positively and allow the board to do what it wishes ?
will the minister acknowledge that , if the review takes place next year , the construction industry training board may say that it wants to [keep] a statutory levy , to determine the rate of levy imposed and also wants flexibility on exemptions . will the minister respond positively and allow the board to do what it wishes ?

It is paramount for us now to retain high interest rates , which are high in the historic sense , in real terms , and are high compared with Japan , and with America , where they stand at 5 per cent .
it is paramount for us now to [keep] high interest rates , which are high in the historic sense , in real terms , and are high compared with japan , and with america , where they stand at 5 per cent .

Is it not clear that one of my right hon. Friend 's most important achievements at Maastricht was to get a clear definition of subsidiarity written into the treaty as a bulwark against creeping competence by the Commission and other Community institutions ? Will he confirm that , once that definition is lawful , it will be possible to ensure that the Community will be able to act on appropriate areas such as trans-border environmental pollution , but on areas where there is no need or justification for action , such as national and fiscal policies , the House will retain its rights ?
is it not clear that one of my right hon. friend 's most important achievements at maastricht was to get a clear definition of subsidiarity written into the treaty as a bulwark against creeping competence by the commission and other community institutions ? will he confirm that , once that definition is lawful , it will be possible to ensure that the community will be able to act on appropriate areas such as trans-border environmental pollution , but on areas where there is no need or justification for action , such as national and fiscal policies , the house will [keep] its rights ?

Will my right hon. Friend confirm that we in Britain will retain complete freedom to run our own monetary and economic policy , that we have transferred no significant powers from Westminster to the European Parliament , and that , in securing the deletion of the word ’ federal ’ , he has secured the deletion of the whole federal agenda ? Is my right hon. Friend aware that , in securing all his aims at Maastricht , he will have the gratitude and admiration of the entire nation ?
will my right hon. friend confirm that we in britain will [keep] complete freedom to run our own monetary and economic policy , that we have transferred no significant powers from westminster to the european parliament , and that , in securing the deletion of the word ’ federal ’ , he has secured the deletion of the whole federal agenda ? is my right hon. friend aware that , in securing all his aims at maastricht , he will have the gratitude and admiration of the entire nation ?

We rely upon the support of the families to retain personnel within the forces .
we rely upon the support of the families to [keep] personnel within the forces .

There are others that wish to retain the feel , as it were , of Sunday , and there is the Christian element .
there are others that wish to [keep] the feel , as it were , of sunday , and there is the christian element .

The next Labour Government will do it ; we will have the guts to come to the House with a solution that we think will be in the interests of the consumers , those who want to retain the special nature of Sunday , those who work in the industry and all the other interested groups .
the next labour government will do it ; we will have the guts to come to the house with a solution that we think will be in the interests of the consumers , those who want to [keep] the special nature of sunday , those who work in the industry and all the other interested groups .

When the additional money is spent on training nurses , it is important that every effort be made to retain their services over a much longer period , which may involve making the terms and conditions more flexible for women returning to work .
when the additional money is spent on training nurses , it is important that every effort be made to [keep] their services over a much longer period , which may involve making the terms and conditions more flexible for women returning to work .

Despite everything he 'd said to the contrary , he might retain tender feelings for Doreen , and the fear of this caused jealousy to writhe and twist in Lucy 's mind until her face became pale and her hands shook .
despite everything he 'd said to the contrary , he might [keep] tender feelings for doreen , and the fear of this caused jealousy to writhe and twist in lucy 's mind until her face became pale and her hands shook .

of the United Kingdom population , Scotland will retain 15.8 per cent .
of the united kingdom population , scotland will [keep] 15.8 per cent .

Does the Minister agree that his decision to retain the passport office in Belfast was a good one ? He made that decision having listened to representations from hon. Members from Northern Ireland . Will he commend the Belfast office for being at the top of the league of all passport offices for getting passports out quickly for the people of Northern Ireland ?
does the minister agree that his decision to [keep] the passport office in belfast was a good one ? he made that decision having listened to representations from hon. members from northern ireland . will he commend the belfast office for being at the top of the league of all passport offices for getting passports out quickly for the people of northern ireland ?

Does the Secretary of State agree that one of the most successful recipients of inward investment has been and can continue to be the financial services sector ? Does he agree with the chairman of that industry , Sir Patrick Sheehy , that to opt out of the single currency would be a foolish measure ? Does he agree with Sir Patrick that the United Kingdom can retain its pre-eminent role in Europe in the financial services sector only if it subscribes enthusiastically to the principle of a single currency ?
does the secretary of state agree that one of the most successful recipients of inward investment has been and can continue to be the financial services sector ? does he agree with the chairman of that industry , sir patrick sheehy , that to opt out of the single currency would be a foolish measure ? does he agree with sir patrick that the united kingdom can [keep] its pre-eminent role in europe in the financial services sector only if it subscribes enthusiastically to the principle of a single currency ?

It simply states that present proposals are unacceptable because they do not retain a fair and equitable trading system .
it simply states that present proposals are unacceptable because they do not [keep] a fair and equitable trading system .

Does the Minister recognise that that is a highly bureaucratic response ? Given the way that business is suffering under the policies and decisions of this Government , and especially the policies of the Prime Minister , does the Minister recognise that he has a responsibility to ask his officials to deal with businesses in such a way as to enable them , wherever possible , to retain jobs and to keep their businesses going ? Will he also accept that this should be his personal responsibility ? Will he accept it before the House ?
does the minister recognise that that is a highly bureaucratic response ? given the way that business is suffering under the policies and decisions of this government , and especially the policies of the prime minister , does the minister recognise that he has a responsibility to ask his officials to deal with businesses in such a way as to enable them , wherever possible , to [keep] jobs and to keep their businesses going ? will he also accept that this should be his personal responsibility ? will he accept it before the house ?

Not to inspect schools , no , but LEAs will retain reserve powers to ensure that the budget delegated is managed appropriately .
not to inspect schools , no , but leas will [keep] reserve powers to ensure that the budget delegated is managed appropriately .

The Minister will know that for some years London weighting has been frozen because the Minister 's policy is to pay just sufficient to recruit and retain civil servants . Does he intend that policy to be part of the new executive agencies ?
the minister will know that for some years london weighting has been frozen because the minister 's policy is to pay just sufficient to recruit and [keep] civil servants . does he intend that policy to be part of the new executive agencies ?

Nevertheless , my right hon. Friend is right to point out the role that we can play , where countries come together on issues , whereas on other issues — certainly on major critical and substantial issues — they must retain absolute national sovereignty in the development of their own foreign policies .
nevertheless , my right hon. friend is right to point out the role that we can play , where countries come together on issues , whereas on other issues — certainly on major critical and substantial issues — they must [keep] absolute national sovereignty in the development of their own foreign policies .

Everyone who lives in Lancashire will be very glad that the council tax will retain capping , which Labour 's alternative would not .
everyone who lives in lancashire will be very glad that the council tax will [keep] capping , which labour 's alternative would not .

The council tax will retain the most objectionable parts of the poll tax — the head count tax on the individual .
the council tax will [keep] the most objectionable parts of the poll tax — the head count tax on the individual .

There is little doubt that the Serbs would want to retain most of what they now occupy , whereas the Croats would want to return to frontiers drawn up by the late Marshal Tito .
there is little doubt that the serbs would want to [keep] most of what they now occupy , whereas the croats would want to return to frontiers drawn up by the late marshal tito .

We must not simply retain the old-fashioned , traditional ways .
we must not simply [keep] the old-fashioned , traditional ways .

The House must retain control of those aspects of our national life that are properly dealt with here : above all , we must retain responsibility for key decisions about foreign policy and defence , and the issues of war and peace .
the house must [keep] control of those aspects of our national life that are properly dealt with here : above all , we must [keep] responsibility for key decisions about foreign policy and defence , and the issues of war and peace .

That means a Europe in which national Governments retain the power to make proposals and in which national Parliaments retain their powers .
that means a europe in which national governments [keep] the power to make proposals and in which national parliaments [keep] their powers .

Aware that the dream was fading , escaping her , she struggled to retain it .
aware that the dream was fading , escaping her , she struggled to [keep] it .

The seller can not expect on the one hand to be fully compensated for the sale falling through and on the other to be allowed in addition to retain a deposit already received .
the seller can not expect on the one hand to be fully compensated for the sale falling through and on the other to be allowed in addition to [keep] a deposit already received .

As we shall see in Chapter 12 , the seller usually has the right to retain possession of the goods until the buyer pays .
as we shall see in chapter 12 , the seller usually has the right to [keep] possession of the goods until the buyer pays .

If on the other hand the buyer finds the bill of lading in order he will retain it and will sign and return the bill of exchange .
if on the other hand the buyer finds the bill of lading in order he will [keep] it and will sign and return the bill of exchange .

In Clough Mill Ltd. v. Martin ( 1985 ) the Court of Appeal confirmed that the seller can , by the terms of the contract , effectively retain title in unmixed goods which the buyer has not re-sold .
in clough mill ltd. v. martin ( 1985 ) the court of appeal confirmed that the seller can , by the terms of the contract , effectively [keep] title in unmixed goods which the buyer has not re-sold .

a right to retain possession of them until a debt is paid .
a right to [keep] possession of them until a debt is paid .

The artifacts remain in the National Collection , but Mr Hopkin informed us that if successful with our application then we will retain them for ten- year periods .
the artifacts remain in the national collection , but mr hopkin informed us that if successful with our application then we will [keep] them for ten- year periods .

Yet it is precisely those features of the capitalist West which social-democratic forms of socialism have been determined to retain as central to their specification of an ideal socialist society .
yet it is precisely those features of the capitalist west which social-democratic forms of socialism have been determined to [keep] as central to their specification of an ideal socialist society .

It is important for people who go blind as adults to retain their literacy .
it is important for people who go blind as adults to [keep] their literacy .

If he wanted to survive — or retain his sanity — he would do better to get rid of the wench .
if he wanted to survive — or [keep] his sanity — he would do better to get rid of the wench .

The utter vulnerability in loving a man who seemed to retain his formidable control no matter what the situation , while she fell apart , was terrifying .
the utter vulnerability in loving a man who seemed to [keep] his formidable control no matter what the situation , while she fell apart , was terrifying .

Such variations not only confuse users about the forms of headings , but also make it difficult for a cataloguer inserting a new heading for local use to discern the principles which should be heeded to retain consistency of approach .
such variations not only confuse users about the forms of headings , but also make it difficult for a cataloguer inserting a new heading for local use to discern the principles which should be heeded to [keep] consistency of approach .

We may define a social movement , in broad terms , as a collective endeavour to promote or resist change in the society of which it forms part ; l but this statement needs to be qualified in some way if we are to retain a clear distinction between a ‘ movement ’ and a ‘ party ’ .
we may define a social movement , in broad terms , as a collective endeavour to promote or resist change in the society of which it forms part ; l but this statement needs to be qualified in some way if we are to [keep] a clear distinction between a ‘ movement ’ and a ‘ party ’ .

They can , however , still be distinguished from organized political formations such as parties which are directly engaged in the struggle for power in the sense of seeking to retain or capture the government of some political unit , by the fact that social movements act in a more diffuse way and if they are successful establish only the preconditions for changes of policy or regime by bringing into question the legitimacy of the existing political system ( in part or in whole ) , creating a different climate of opinion , and proposing alternatives .
they can , however , still be distinguished from organized political formations such as parties which are directly engaged in the struggle for power in the sense of seeking to [keep] or capture the government of some political unit , by the fact that social movements act in a more diffuse way and if they are successful establish only the preconditions for changes of policy or regime by bringing into question the legitimacy of the existing political system ( in part or in whole ) , creating a different climate of opinion , and proposing alternatives .

At the same time , however , it should be recognized that not all parties retain their vitality , or even survive at all , that new parties emerge , and may quickly become powerful , as happened with the socialist parties in Europe , and that parties may change their character and their policies without necessarily changing their names .
at the same time , however , it should be recognized that not all parties [keep] their vitality , or even survive at all , that new parties emerge , and may quickly become powerful , as happened with the socialist parties in europe , and that parties may change their character and their policies without necessarily changing their names .

But the theory still needs a general concept of the state , and this may be elaborated in such a way as to retain , covertly , the idea of ‘ stateless ’ societies existing at the beginning and end of a historical process .
but the theory still needs a general concept of the state , and this may be elaborated in such a way as to [keep] , covertly , the idea of ‘ stateless ’ societies existing at the beginning and end of a historical process .

But Charles had a nagging fear that it was n't that , that Michael Banks really was trying , that he did go through the lines time after time in the evenings , but that his mind could no longer retain them .
but charles had a nagging fear that it was n't that , that michael banks really was trying , that he did go through the lines time after time in the evenings , but that his mind could no longer [keep] them .

Imagine it had perception , a memory to retain our follies .
imagine it had perception , a memory to [keep] our follies .

‘ Why not ? This stuffed bird has always been in the room . Imagine it had perception , a memory to retain our follies. oh Lord ! — ’
‘ why not ? this stuffed bird has always been in the room . imagine it had perception , a memory to [keep] our follies. oh lord ! — ’

Imagine it had perception , a memory to retain our follies .
imagine it had perception , a memory to [keep] our follies .

He had not anticipated that she would still retain sufficient will-power to deny him when he had asked his empty , ritual question .
he had not anticipated that she would still [keep] sufficient will-power to deny him when he had asked his empty , ritual question .

Almost equal , but not quite , because Luke still seemed to retain a vestige of control while she trembled wildly as his hands slid adroitly up over her ribcage to cup her breasts from beneath , lifting them to the swooping descent of his dark head ; and she heard him mutter intensely again just before his mouth took voluptuous possession of the heated hardness of one exquisitely sensitive nipple .
almost equal , but not quite , because luke still seemed to [keep] a vestige of control while she trembled wildly as his hands slid adroitly up over her ribcage to cup her breasts from beneath , lifting them to the swooping descent of his dark head ; and she heard him mutter intensely again just before his mouth took voluptuous possession of the heated hardness of one exquisitely sensitive nipple .

Wrapping her arms round herself in a futile attempt to retain some body-heat , she began the long walk back to the cottage .
wrapping her arms round herself in a futile attempt to [keep] some body-heat , she began the long walk back to the cottage .

As to whether national governments are still ultimately in charge , the only matter left to be resolved is whether they retain the means to call a halt to the whole process by which law-making is rapidly ceasing to be their responsibility . Is it still feasible for the British Parliament to pass an Act repealing or amending the 1972 European Communities Act which enshrined the Treaty of Rome in British law ? What , in particular , remains of the doctrine of the sovereignty of Parliament by which no one Parliament may bind the actions of its successor ?
as to whether national governments are still ultimately in charge , the only matter left to be resolved is whether they [keep] the means to call a halt to the whole process by which law-making is rapidly ceasing to be their responsibility . is it still feasible for the british parliament to pass an act repealing or amending the 1972 european communities act which enshrined the treaty of rome in british law ? what , in particular , remains of the doctrine of the sovereignty of parliament by which no one parliament may bind the actions of its successor ?

Whatever the rapture of first love and the obsessiveness of courtship ( sweet old fashioned word ) and marriage , it is a class act which can retain that rapture through the rigours of parenthood , child care and mortgage repayment .
whatever the rapture of first love and the obsessiveness of courtship ( sweet old fashioned word ) and marriage , it is a class act which can [keep] that rapture through the rigours of parenthood , child care and mortgage repayment .

Usually the surface requires some preparation , often etching , to receive and retain the precipitate .
usually the surface requires some preparation , often etching , to receive and [keep] the precipitate .

Only among the poor , the retainers who had accompanied their masters and later fallen from favour , or among the half-caste children brought up by superstitious mothers true to their old faith , did the little goddess of love and war retain a true following .
only among the poor , the retainers who had accompanied their masters and later fallen from favour , or among the half-caste children brought up by superstitious mothers true to their old faith , did the little goddess of love and war [keep] a true following .

Academics already in post retain their tenure only so long as they do not move to another university or accept promotion within their present university .
academics already in post [keep] their tenure only so long as they do not move to another university or accept promotion within their present university .

However , independent schools retain a much higher proportion of their pupils after the legal minimum school-leaving age than do maintained schools , so that in 1988 , 19 % of all boys and 15 % of all girls over 16 were in independent schools .
however , independent schools [keep] a much higher proportion of their pupils after the legal minimum school-leaving age than do maintained schools , so that in 1988 , 19 % of all boys and 15 % of all girls over 16 were in independent schools .

It is important to retain a firm grasp on what the coordinates appearing in eqn ( 4.11 ) are and what they are not .
it is important to [keep] a firm grasp on what the coordinates appearing in eqn ( 4.11 ) are and what they are not .

Therefore physical laws when expressed in terms of tensors will retain their form under these general transformations , in particular under changes to accelerating frames .
therefore physical laws when expressed in terms of tensors will [keep] their form under these general transformations , in particular under changes to accelerating frames .

Unlike Luke , he had unwisely decided to retain his jacket , presumably in the interests of looking businesslike , and was obviously regretting his decision .
unlike luke , he had unwisely decided to [keep] his jacket , presumably in the interests of looking businesslike , and was obviously regretting his decision .

Nevertheless , they retain many of the characteristics of their courtly forebears .
nevertheless , they [keep] many of the characteristics of their courtly forebears .

The ruins of so many Indian palaces — Mandu , for example , or the great Hindu capital of Hampi — still retain an aura of great dignity about them in their wreckage , but in the Red Fort that aura is notable by its absence .
the ruins of so many indian palaces — mandu , for example , or the great hindu capital of hampi — still [keep] an aura of great dignity about them in their wreckage , but in the red fort that aura is notable by its absence .

This switch was intended to enable Roshanara to retain her influence by stepping in as the child 's regent .
this switch was intended to enable roshanara to [keep] her influence by stepping in as the child 's regent .

One of the girls beside me began to fidget , and her father tried to retain her interest by pointing out Delhi landmarks visible from our turret .
one of the girls beside me began to fidget , and her father tried to [keep] her interest by pointing out delhi landmarks visible from our turret .

She might , if he waited , confide in him , but not now ; there was no time , if she was to retain her immaculate position in this household .
she might , if he waited , confide in him , but not now ; there was no time , if she was to [keep] her immaculate position in this household .

There was a desire on Mr. Cottrell 's part to retain the services of the plaintiff so that the work could be completed without the need to employ another sub-contractor .
there was a desire on mr. cottrell 's part to [keep] the services of the plaintiff so that the work could be completed without the need to employ another sub-contractor .

Perhaps if there really was ( and is ) ‘ widespread discontent … about the quality of education ’ , the best remedy would be to enhance teaching as a profession so as to attract and retain the best recruits , by paying them proper salaries and by promoting those who teach well , in such a way that they stay in the classroom instead of becoming administrators .
perhaps if there really was ( and is ) ‘ widespread discontent … about the quality of education ’ , the best remedy would be to enhance teaching as a profession so as to attract and [keep] the best recruits , by paying them proper salaries and by promoting those who teach well , in such a way that they stay in the classroom instead of becoming administrators .

He was to retain the valuable regions already granted him , and though he would in the future have to share the heartlands with Lothar , still , for a last-born son , he had done rather well .
he was to [keep] the valuable regions already granted him , and though he would in the future have to share the heartlands with lothar , still , for a last-born son , he had done rather well .

Inescapably , they must retain such things as overall financial control , a determination of the size of a school 's teaching and ancillary staff , and major decisions about buildings , although many conclusions on these matters are reached only after an ebb and flow of consultation and representation .
inescapably , they must [keep] such things as overall financial control , a determination of the size of a school 's teaching and ancillary staff , and major decisions about buildings , although many conclusions on these matters are reached only after an ebb and flow of consultation and representation .

Clearly , Franco would stop at nothing to retain his hegemonic position .
clearly , franco would stop at nothing to [keep] his hegemonic position .

To retain the support of the landowners , the regime continued throughout the 1950s to channel state funds into the agricultural sector and to support it with protectionist policies which merely sustained inefficiency and low productivity .
to [keep] the support of the landowners , the regime continued throughout the 1950s to channel state funds into the agricultural sector and to support it with protectionist policies which merely sustained inefficiency and low productivity .

It was also a hint that , while he wanted to retain ultimate control for as long as he lived , he foresaw a time when it might be possible to relinquish his personal hold on the administration of the system without it collapsing .
it was also a hint that , while he wanted to [keep] ultimate control for as long as he lived , he foresaw a time when it might be possible to relinquish his personal hold on the administration of the system without it collapsing .

That he was prepared to do so to retain his position was , in itself , a sign of changing times .
that he was prepared to do so to [keep] his position was , in itself , a sign of changing times .

The contention that employers will be forced to employ or retain disabled persons incapable of doing the job must be met head on .
the contention that employers will be forced to employ or [keep] disabled persons incapable of doing the job must be met head on .

In the absence of a specially commissioned cost analysis on the impact of a particular patent , it is submitted that few employers will know or retain the detailed financial data which will assist the employee in his claim for compensation .
in the absence of a specially commissioned cost analysis on the impact of a particular patent , it is submitted that few employers will know or [keep] the detailed financial data which will assist the employee in his claim for compensation .

In order to retain as much information as possible , each type of object reported was initially coded separately .
in order to [keep] as much information as possible , each type of object reported was initially coded separately .

In the circumstances of the current re–organisation however , employees will be allowed to retain the new level of protected hours , in a higher grade post if the result is a saving due to the reduction in staff numbers , either in the post they are vacating or in a lower graded post further down the structure or if his replacement is being appointed on the grade and hours required in the final structure .
in the circumstances of the current re–organisation however , employees will be allowed to [keep] the new level of protected hours , in a higher grade post if the result is a saving due to the reduction in staff numbers , either in the post they are vacating or in a lower graded post further down the structure or if his replacement is being appointed on the grade and hours required in the final structure .

‘ So much so that the client wants to retain many of its original features .
‘ so much so that the client wants to [keep] many of its original features .

Diane says : ‘ Quite often we build within an existing community and will retain its name .
diane says : ‘ quite often we build within an existing community and will [keep] its name .

( At the same time , we can very usefully retain the small capitals to indicate that , although no conventional property is involved , there is some body of cohesive information that corresponds to the form `` Adolphus `` , and that can be used to pick out some particular entity for discussion . )
( at the same time , we can very usefully [keep] the small capitals to indicate that , although no conventional property is involved , there is some body of cohesive information that corresponds to the form `` adolphus `` , and that can be used to pick out some particular entity for discussion . )

Now these adjectives clearly do retain a restrictive quality even in predicative position .
now these adjectives clearly do [keep] a restrictive quality even in predicative position .

The feedback currently available indicates that the numbers of women reading engineering have increased to 15% ( from 7.8% in 1982–83 ) , but much more still remains to be done and industry 's most pressing problem in the 1990s will be to attract , recruit and retain the high calibre of technologically literate young people they will need .
the feedback currently available indicates that the numbers of women reading engineering have increased to 15% ( from 7.8% in 1982–83 ) , but much more still remains to be done and industry 's most pressing problem in the 1990s will be to attract , recruit and [keep] the high calibre of technologically literate young people they will need .

Some readers exhibit conservatism over the adoption of new information technology , and many librarians , faced with the problem of the need for archival storage of scientific data — an intrinsic feature of the nature and use of geological and botanical literature , for example — and knowing the costs incurred in data conversion as each new technological advance occurs , will choose to retain paper , and postpone decisions on technology .
some readers exhibit conservatism over the adoption of new information technology , and many librarians , faced with the problem of the need for archival storage of scientific data — an intrinsic feature of the nature and use of geological and botanical literature , for example — and knowing the costs incurred in data conversion as each new technological advance occurs , will choose to [keep] paper , and postpone decisions on technology .

This material forms the basis of an account of the social changes in rural Poland , the attempts on the part of emigrating peasants to retain elements of their cultural identity , and their eventual imperfect integration into American society .
this material forms the basis of an account of the social changes in rural poland , the attempts on the part of emigrating peasants to [keep] elements of their cultural identity , and their eventual imperfect integration into american society .

On July 17 Fareed had announced the formal entry into government of the Hezb-i-Wahdat , and on July 25 he confirmed that the government intended to retain the Shia Gen. Khodad Hazareh who had taken over as Interior Minister under former interim President Seghbatullah Mujjaddedi on June 26 .
on july 17 fareed had announced the formal entry into government of the hezb-i-wahdat , and on july 25 he confirmed that the government intended to [keep] the shia gen. khodad hazareh who had taken over as interior minister under former interim president seghbatullah mujjaddedi on june 26 .

Abisala pledged to retain the majority of ministers in their posts until legislative elections , scheduled for Oct. 25 .
abisala pledged to [keep] the majority of ministers in their posts until legislative elections , scheduled for oct. 25 .

The government had wanted to retain the higher rate , whereas the parliamentary tax committee had advocated more drastic reductions , to 14 per cent and 7 per cent .
the government had wanted to [keep] the higher rate , whereas the parliamentary tax committee had advocated more drastic reductions , to 14 per cent and 7 per cent .

On May 8 Bush reiterated his faith in Quayle , criticizing the press for `` pounding on him when he 's doing a first class job `` , and repeating his determination to retain him as the Republican Party 's 1992 nominee for Vice-President .
on may 8 bush reiterated his faith in quayle , criticizing the press for `` pounding on him when he 's doing a first class job `` , and repeating his determination to [keep] him as the republican party 's 1992 nominee for vice-president .

The announcement said that Gojko Susak , Ivan Jarnjak and Zdenko Skrabalo were to retain their posts as Ministers of Defence , Internal Affairs , and Foreign Affairs respectively .
the announcement said that gojko susak , ivan jarnjak and zdenko skrabalo were to [keep] their posts as ministers of defence , internal affairs , and foreign affairs respectively .

Despite widespread calls for Hashimoto 's resignation , Kaifu insisted that he would retain his portfolio .
despite widespread calls for hashimoto 's resignation , kaifu insisted that he would [keep] his portfolio .

The Sejm had passed a resolution on May 28 calling for the exposure by June 20 of former security service agents in positions of authority , but its early implementation was widely seen as an attempt by the government to retain power .
the sejm had passed a resolution on may 28 calling for the exposure by june 20 of former security service agents in positions of authority , but its early implementation was widely seen as an attempt by the government to [keep] power .

All political organizations were required to bring their statutes in line with federal party laws within one year of unification in order to retain the right to take part in elections .
all political organizations were required to bring their statutes in line with federal party laws within one year of unification in order to [keep] the right to take part in elections .

Central government would thus retain responsibility primarily for defence and some foreign policy issues .
central government would thus [keep] responsibility primarily for defence and some foreign policy issues .

The Swiss Confederation has a republican , federal Constitution under which the 20 cantons and six half-cantons retain considerable power .
the swiss confederation has a republican , federal constitution under which the 20 cantons and six half-cantons [keep] considerable power .

Michael Wilson ( hitherto Finance Minister ) took on a new `` super-ministry `` with a brief to increase Canada 's competitiveness in the world market ; his successor at Finance , Donald Mazankowski ( hitherto Agriculture Minister ) promised to retain his policy of strict limits on federal spending .
michael wilson ( hitherto finance minister ) took on a new `` super-ministry `` with a brief to increase canada 's competitiveness in the world market ; his successor at finance , donald mazankowski ( hitherto agriculture minister ) promised to [keep] his policy of strict limits on federal spending .

On June 5 the Chart Thai Party voted to retain Chatichai Choonhaven , the exiled former Prime Minister , as its leader until the next general elections .
on june 5 the chart thai party voted to [keep] chatichai choonhaven , the exiled former prime minister , as its leader until the next general elections .

The state was expected to retain a 30 per cent share in each factory , with employees receiving 10 per cent of the equity .
the state was expected to [keep] a 30 per cent share in each factory , with employees receiving 10 per cent of the equity .

However , Chen added that Li Peng would retain direct leadership over the commission .
however , chen added that li peng would [keep] direct leadership over the commission .

He nevertheless continued to retain the confidence of de Maizière .
he nevertheless continued to [keep] the confidence of de maizière .

Bundesrat vote to retain its seat in Bonn
bundesrat vote to [keep] its seat in bonn

At a meeting of the Cabinet , Prime Minister Itzhak Shamir had won majority backing to retain the abortive May 1989 election plan [ see pp .
at a meeting of the cabinet , prime minister itzhak shamir had won majority backing to [keep] the abortive may 1989 election plan [ see pp .

With regard to husbands voting as proxy for their wives , the government had wanted at least the wife 's written authorization to be necessary , but the deputies voted to retain the existing stipulation that the proxy voter must present the family registration book .
with regard to husbands voting as proxy for their wives , the government had wanted at least the wife 's written authorization to be necessary , but the deputies voted to [keep] the existing stipulation that the proxy voter must present the family registration book .

Serbia and Montenegro agreed on Feb. 12 in Titograd to retain `` the principles of a common state which would be the continuation of Yugoslavia `` [ see also p. 38703 ] .
serbia and montenegro agreed on feb. 12 in titograd to [keep] `` the principles of a common state which would be the continuation of yugoslavia `` [ see also p. 38703 ] .

It would retain the Yugoslav flag and anthem and a joint parliament and government , co-operate in foreign policy and defence , and form an economic union .
it would [keep] the yugoslav flag and anthem and a joint parliament and government , co-operate in foreign policy and defence , and form an economic union .

Conde had been Serrano 's closest adviser and was a major negotiator in peace talks with the guerrillas , a role which he was to retain but with his authority sharply diminished .
conde had been serrano 's closest adviser and was a major negotiator in peace talks with the guerrillas , a role which he was to [keep] but with his authority sharply diminished .

Kazakhstan 's President Nursultan Nazarbayev and Uzbekistan 's President Islam Karimov both condemned the way in which the draft treaty had been thrust upon the republics by the centre , and took the same line as the Russian Federation President Boris Yeltsin in arguing that it should be the republics ' prerogative to dictate what powers the centre should retain .
kazakhstan 's president nursultan nazarbayev and uzbekistan 's president islam karimov both condemned the way in which the draft treaty had been thrust upon the republics by the centre , and took the same line as the russian federation president boris yeltsin in arguing that it should be the republics ' prerogative to dictate what powers the centre should [keep] .

The Land Acts of 1913 and 1936 would retain recognition of tribal lands for the time being , but the Population Registration Act , which classified race at birth , would be amended during constitutional negotiations .
the land acts of 1913 and 1936 would [keep] recognition of tribal lands for the time being , but the population registration act , which classified race at birth , would be amended during constitutional negotiations .

Adopted by 237 votes to 24 , the amendment to the Constitution , known as the power-sharing law , stipulated that the federal government would retain competence over foreign policy , defence and economic and fiscal strategy , while broad economic powers would be handed over to the two republics .
adopted by 237 votes to 24 , the amendment to the constitution , known as the power-sharing law , stipulated that the federal government would [keep] competence over foreign policy , defence and economic and fiscal strategy , while broad economic powers would be handed over to the two republics .

Central government would retain control of defence , foreign relations , economic policy and other specified fields .
central government would [keep] control of defence , foreign relations , economic policy and other specified fields .

The state would retain control of food imports , of major exports such as coffee and of the air , shipping and rail services .
the state would [keep] control of food imports , of major exports such as coffee and of the air , shipping and rail services .

On Dec. 7 delegates voted overwhelmingly to retain the party 's name .
on dec. 7 delegates voted overwhelmingly to [keep] the party 's name .

The troops demanded that the High Council of the Republic be dissolved ; that all decisions of the conference be declared null and void ; and that an " all-party " government be formed , with a new Prime Minister appointed by the President , " unless the President deems it useful " to retain Koffigoh .
the troops demanded that the high council of the republic be dissolved ; that all decisions of the conference be declared null and void ; and that an " all-party " government be formed , with a new prime minister appointed by the president , " unless the president deems it useful " to [keep] koffigoh .

The circulation on Nov. 5 of a presidential memorandum promising that the ban would not deny women their constitutional right to full information about family planning alternatives , failed to persuade Congress to retain it .
the circulation on nov. 5 of a presidential memorandum promising that the ban would not deny women their constitutional right to full information about family planning alternatives , failed to persuade congress to [keep] it .

Zhao himself remained under investigation , although he had reportedly been allowed to retain his party membership .
zhao himself remained under investigation , although he had reportedly been allowed to [keep] his party membership .

There was further dispute later in the year over the issue of whether the country should retain its current presidential system of government or should adopt a prime ministerial system .
there was further dispute later in the year over the issue of whether the country should [keep] its current presidential system of government or should adopt a prime ministerial system .

The two-part referendum asked voters to choose whether or not to retain the existing electoral system , and to express a preference for one of four alternative systems .
the two-part referendum asked voters to choose whether or not to [keep] the existing electoral system , and to express a preference for one of four alternative systems .

He would retain the right to appoint the Prime Minister , but with the proviso that he choose someone reflecting the majority in parliament .
he would [keep] the right to appoint the prime minister , but with the proviso that he choose someone reflecting the majority in parliament .

The government would retain ownership of the land but would sell logging rights and existing infrastructure .
the government would [keep] ownership of the land but would sell logging rights and existing infrastructure .

The suggestions included limiting Congress 's powers only to proposing amendments to the Constitution , and allowing Yeltsin to retain the right granted him at the October-November 1991 extraordinary Congress to appoint ministers without approval from the legislature .
the suggestions included limiting congress 's powers only to proposing amendments to the constitution , and allowing yeltsin to [keep] the right granted him at the october-november 1991 extraordinary congress to appoint ministers without approval from the legislature .

The draft constitution , to be voted on in the April referendum , would reduce the legislature to a single , bicameral body ; specify the supremacy of federal law over that of constituent republics ; and retain the President as `` head of state and the highest executive in Russia `` .
the draft constitution , to be voted on in the april referendum , would reduce the legislature to a single , bicameral body ; specify the supremacy of federal law over that of constituent republics ; and [keep] the president as `` head of state and the highest executive in russia `` .

Although technically Yeltsin was still able to nominate Gaidar as Prime Minister , subject to Congress 's approval , and to retain him for three months even without such approval , it appeared that , realising the need for political compromise , he chose Chernomyrdin with Gaidar 's acquiescence .
although technically yeltsin was still able to nominate gaidar as prime minister , subject to congress 's approval , and to [keep] him for three months even without such approval , it appeared that , realising the need for political compromise , he chose chernomyrdin with gaidar 's acquiescence .

Tsongas did not endorse either of the remaining candidates , and stated that he would retain his 430 hard-won delegates until the party convention in July .
tsongas did not endorse either of the remaining candidates , and stated that he would [keep] his 430 hard-won delegates until the party convention in july .

This perception was heightened by his decision to focus the closing stages of his campaign not in the crucial mid-west `` swing states `` — those states which he had to win in order to retain his hold on the White House — but in an attempt to shore up his support in hitherto safe Republican states such as Florida , a pattern of behaviour widely seen as indicative of his desire to avoid being defeated by a landslide .
this perception was heightened by his decision to focus the closing stages of his campaign not in the crucial mid-west `` swing states `` — those states which he had to win in order to [keep] his hold on the white house — but in an attempt to shore up his support in hitherto safe republican states such as florida , a pattern of behaviour widely seen as indicative of his desire to avoid being defeated by a landslide .

He said that he intended to retain the title of President during his forthcoming trial before the Senate , although on Oct. 5 the Supreme Court ruled that the new government must not extend any official privileges to him .
he said that he intended to [keep] the title of president during his forthcoming trial before the senate , although on oct. 5 the supreme court ruled that the new government must not extend any official privileges to him .

In a move which startled some Western observers , he proposed that state enterprises — 96 per cent of the country 's economy — should be transformed into joint stock companies in which the government would retain a controlling share , as a first step towards privatization .
in a move which startled some western observers , he proposed that state enterprises — 96 per cent of the country 's economy — should be transformed into joint stock companies in which the government would [keep] a controlling share , as a first step towards privatization .

This was widely regarded as a triumph for Levi , who received a guarantee that he would retain his present Cabinet position in any future Likud-led government , and a written assurance that his supporters would receive increased representation within Likud institutions , the government , Knesset ( parliament ) committees and the Jewish Agency .
this was widely regarded as a triumph for levi , who received a guarantee that he would [keep] his present cabinet position in any future likud-led government , and a written assurance that his supporters would receive increased representation within likud institutions , the government , knesset ( parliament ) committees and the jewish agency .

The Minister for Constitutional Development , Gerrit Viljoen , later explained that the racial classification of newborn babies and immigrants would end once the Act was repealed , while other South Africans would retain their classifications pending the eventual constitutional changes .
the minister for constitutional development , gerrit viljoen , later explained that the racial classification of newborn babies and immigrants would end once the act was repealed , while other south africans would [keep] their classifications pending the eventual constitutional changes .

Sex equality slipped far down the political agenda and women had to fight hard to retain the rights they had won in the 1960s and 1970s on abortion , welfare benefits , maternity and employment rights .
sex equality slipped far down the political agenda and women had to fight hard to [keep] the rights they had won in the 1960s and 1970s on abortion , welfare benefits , maternity and employment rights .

For the first time DHAs have to consult closely with GPs , who retain their rights of referral to any consultant .
for the first time dhas have to consult closely with gps , who [keep] their rights of referral to any consultant .

Having well-informed patients who have more control over their care , and who are helped to retain independence is good for quality and is also cost-effective .
having well-informed patients who have more control over their care , and who are helped to [keep] independence is good for quality and is also cost-effective .

By s.5(3) : [ w ] here a person receives property from or on account of another , and is under an obligation to the other to retain and deal with that property or its proceeds in a particular way , the property or proceeds shall be regarded ( as against him ) as belonging to the other .
by s.5(3) : [ w ] here a person receives property from or on account of another , and is under an obligation to the other to [keep] and deal with that property or its proceeds in a particular way , the property or proceeds shall be regarded ( as against him ) as belonging to the other .

( d ) Meech held that the accused was under an obligation to retain and deal with a cheque if he believed that he was under such a duty , though in fact he was not .
( d ) meech held that the accused was under an obligation to [keep] and deal with a cheque if he believed that he was under such a duty , though in fact he was not .

By s.15 ( 2 ) `` … a person is to be treated as obtaining property if he obtains possession or control of it , and `` obtain `` includes obtaining for another or enabling another to obtain or retain `` .
by s.15 ( 2 ) `` … a person is to be treated as obtaining property if he obtains possession or control of it , and `` obtain `` includes obtaining for another or enabling another to obtain or [keep] `` .

Therefore , after a number of years of operation , regular service and preventative maintenance , it can become increasingly difficult to retain peak performance and preserve the capital value of this expensive asset .
therefore , after a number of years of operation , regular service and preventative maintenance , it can become increasingly difficult to [keep] peak performance and preserve the capital value of this expensive asset .

Whichever of the possibilities is realised in practice , we would expect the two languages — Creole and unrelated Standard — to retain their integrity as languages and not to converge linguistically to any great extent , except in terms of vocabulary : in other words , they are likely to remain fundamentally dissimilar in their grammar and phonology .
whichever of the possibilities is realised in practice , we would expect the two languages — creole and unrelated standard — to [keep] their integrity as languages and not to converge linguistically to any great extent , except in terms of vocabulary : in other words , they are likely to remain fundamentally dissimilar in their grammar and phonology .

( d ) Where independent contractors are employed to do work on premises , the owner will generally retain sufficient control to be an occupier .
( d ) where independent contractors are employed to do work on premises , the owner will generally [keep] sufficient control to be an occupier .

Where a chattel is unlawfully on the plaintiff 's land and has caused actual damage , the plaintiff may retain the chattel until the damage has been paid for .
where a chattel is unlawfully on the plaintiff 's land and has caused actual damage , the plaintiff may [keep] the chattel until the damage has been paid for .

The settlers were determined to retain their privileged status .
the settlers were determined to [keep] their privileged status .

At the outset , it seemed to mean a structure ( like the initial form of the French Community ) which would allow France to retain control over significant areas of policy-making .
at the outset , it seemed to mean a structure ( like the initial form of the french community ) which would allow france to [keep] control over significant areas of policy-making .

( b ) a recognised body which is an unlimited company shall retain its status as an unlimited company , save where the Council consents to the body being re-registered as limited by shares under the Companies Act 1985 ;
( b ) a recognised body which is an unlimited company shall [keep] its status as an unlimited company , save where the council consents to the body being re-registered as limited by shares under the companies act 1985 ;

( d ) To acquire or undertake the whole or any part of the business , goodwill , and assets of any person , firm , or company carrying on or proposing to carry on the business or any part of the business which the Company is authorised to carry on and as part of the consideration for such acquisition to undertake all or any of the liabilities of such person , firm or company , or to acquire an interest in , amalgamate with , or enter into partnership or into any arrangement for sharing profits , or for co-operation , or for mutual assistance with any such person , firm or company , or for subsidising or otherwise assisting any person , firm or company , and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid or property acquired , any shares , debentures , debenture stock or securities that may be agreed upon , and to hold and retain , or sell , mortgage and deal with any shares , debentures , debenture stock of securities so received .
( d ) to acquire or undertake the whole or any part of the business , goodwill , and assets of any person , firm , or company carrying on or proposing to carry on the business or any part of the business which the company is authorised to carry on and as part of the consideration for such acquisition to undertake all or any of the liabilities of such person , firm or company , or to acquire an interest in , amalgamate with , or enter into partnership or into any arrangement for sharing profits , or for co-operation , or for mutual assistance with any such person , firm or company , or for subsidising or otherwise assisting any person , firm or company , and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid or property acquired , any shares , debentures , debenture stock or securities that may be agreed upon , and to hold and [keep] , or sell , mortgage and deal with any shares , debentures , debenture stock of securities so received .

The Directors may exercise the powers of the Company conferred by Clause 3 ( s ) of the Memorandum of Association of the Company and shall be entitled to retain any benefits received by them or any of them by reason of the exercise of any such powers .
the directors may exercise the powers of the company conferred by clause 3 ( s ) of the memorandum of association of the company and shall be entitled to [keep] any benefits received by them or any of them by reason of the exercise of any such powers .

( d ) To acquire or undertake the whole or any part of the business , goodwill , and assets of any person , firm , or company carrying on or proposing to carry on the business or any part of the business which the Company is authorised to carry on and as part of the consideration for such acquisition to undertake all or any of the liabilities of such person , firm or company , or to acquire an interest in , amalgamate with , or enter into partnership or into any arrangement for sharing profits , or for co-operation , or for mutual assistance with any such person , firm or company , or for subsidising or otherwise assisting any person , firm or company , and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid or property acquired , any shares , debentures , debenture stock or securities that may be agreed upon , and to hold and retain , or sell , mortgage and deal with any shares , debentures , debenture stock of securities so received .
( d ) to acquire or undertake the whole or any part of the business , goodwill , and assets of any person , firm , or company carrying on or proposing to carry on the business or any part of the business which the company is authorised to carry on and as part of the consideration for such acquisition to undertake all or any of the liabilities of such person , firm or company , or to acquire an interest in , amalgamate with , or enter into partnership or into any arrangement for sharing profits , or for co-operation , or for mutual assistance with any such person , firm or company , or for subsidising or otherwise assisting any person , firm or company , and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid or property acquired , any shares , debentures , debenture stock or securities that may be agreed upon , and to hold and [keep] , or sell , mortgage and deal with any shares , debentures , debenture stock of securities so received .

The Directors may exercise the powers of the Company conferred by Clause 3 ( s ) of the Memorandum of Association of the Company and shall be entitled to retain any benefits received by them or any of them by reason of the exercise of any such powers .
the directors may exercise the powers of the company conferred by clause 3 ( s ) of the memorandum of association of the company and shall be entitled to [keep] any benefits received by them or any of them by reason of the exercise of any such powers .

The partners need to retain working capital in the practice .
the partners need to [keep] working capital in the practice .

Unions of journeymen commonly sought to retain the restrictive and regulative customs of the `` trade `` over such institutions as apprenticeship and expected of the state that it continue to guarantee `` rights `` against , in particular , the `` infringements `` of innovating masters .
unions of journeymen commonly sought to [keep] the restrictive and regulative customs of the `` trade `` over such institutions as apprenticeship and expected of the state that it continue to guarantee `` rights `` against , in particular , the `` infringements `` of innovating masters .

Member countries retain their respective currencies but there exists a parallel currency which circulates side by side with the national currencies .
member countries [keep] their respective currencies but there exists a parallel currency which circulates side by side with the national currencies .

In contrast , in an exchange rate union member countries ' governments retain responsibility for the supply growth rate of their respective currencies and are , therefore , able to manipulate their monetary policy in the short run in pursuit of popularity gains with the electorate .
in contrast , in an exchange rate union member countries ' governments [keep] responsibility for the supply growth rate of their respective currencies and are , therefore , able to manipulate their monetary policy in the short run in pursuit of popularity gains with the electorate .

We will call this backwards pruning because , at the point where more than one path has the same successor , the algorithm can look back the way it has come , and mark or retain only the highest scoring path .
we will call this backwards pruning because , at the point where more than one path has the same successor , the algorithm can look back the way it has come , and mark or [keep] only the highest scoring path .

The software publisher will prefer to grant a licence because he will want to retain the copyright in the software and be free to grant licences to others .
the software publisher will prefer to grant a licence because he will want to [keep] the copyright in the software and be free to grant licences to others .

Firms could choose to operate under the new statute or retain their existing national corporate existence .
firms could choose to operate under the new statute or [keep] their existing national corporate existence .

So you can seize your career with both hands and retain a rare degree of control over your own direction .
so you can seize your career with both hands and [keep] a rare degree of control over your own direction .

Please retain your ticket stub during the event as Crystal Palace officials can at any time carry out security checks .
please [keep] your ticket stub during the event as crystal palace officials can at any time carry out security checks .

This occurs even though they apparently retain the " true " meaning of physical perception .
this occurs even though they apparently [keep] the " true " meaning of physical perception .

15.16–72 ) : `` The settlers from Phocaea , though surrounded by arrogant tribes and kept in awe by the savage rites of their barbarous neighbours , still retain the manners and dress of their ancient home among warlike populations . ``
15.16–72 ) : `` the settlers from phocaea , though surrounded by arrogant tribes and kept in awe by the savage rites of their barbarous neighbours , still [keep] the manners and dress of their ancient home among warlike populations . ``

This feeling was originally conveyed in manifest form by a chorus of primeval beings , close to nature , who permanently retain their natural shape , irrespective of any changes in civilization .
this feeling was originally conveyed in manifest form by a chorus of primeval beings , close to nature , who permanently [keep] their natural shape , irrespective of any changes in civilization .

Tile origins have been lost but certain families in the village retain these names .
tile origins have been lost but certain families in the village [keep] these names .

Inside the palace the Empress Taitu , Menelik 's wife , once a woman of outstanding beauty but now an obese hulk , schemed and intrigued to retain power .
inside the palace the empress taitu , menelik 's wife , once a woman of outstanding beauty but now an obese hulk , schemed and intrigued to [keep] power .

Since the younger daughter , Zauditu , had married Taitu 's nephew , Ras Gugsa Wale of Begemder , Taitu was determined to put Zauditu instead of Lij Yasu on the throne when Menelik died , confident that she would then retain effective authority .
since the younger daughter , zauditu , had married taitu 's nephew , ras gugsa wale of begemder , taitu was determined to put zauditu instead of lij yasu on the throne when menelik died , confident that she would then [keep] effective authority .

Above all only the eyes retain any spark of life , and they are filled with the overwhelming emotion of anguish .
above all only the eyes [keep] any spark of life , and they are filled with the overwhelming emotion of anguish .

However , he manages to retain his honour up to his death which is an indication of his strong character and resilience .
however , he manages to [keep] his honour up to his death which is an indication of his strong character and resilience .

asked the members to retain the existing name .
asked the members to [keep] the existing name .

Those with Crohn 's disease who still retain their pouch , however , have a bowel frequency that is only just greater than in those patients having the operation for ulcerative colitis .
those with crohn 's disease who still [keep] their pouch , however , have a bowel frequency that is only just greater than in those patients having the operation for ulcerative colitis .

Exclusion criteria were the presence of enteric infection on stool culture , inability to retain enemas for at least one hour , hypersensitivity to aminosalicylates , pregnancy or lactation , and use of steroid enemas in the previous two weeks .
exclusion criteria were the presence of enteric infection on stool culture , inability to [keep] enemas for at least one hour , hypersensitivity to aminosalicylates , pregnancy or lactation , and use of steroid enemas in the previous two weeks .

Variety of rhythm , pace , form and pattern support basic training in the technique of movement , which should be effortless , natural , harmonious , skilled and controlled but at the same time retain the unique quality which expresses personality .
variety of rhythm , pace , form and pattern support basic training in the technique of movement , which should be effortless , natural , harmonious , skilled and controlled but at the same time [keep] the unique quality which expresses personality .

This indicates that acinar cells in pancreatitis retain their responsiveness to direct secretory stimulation but for some reasons they become ‘ resistant ’ to the stimulation in vivo .
this indicates that acinar cells in pancreatitis [keep] their responsiveness to direct secretory stimulation but for some reasons they become ‘ resistant ’ to the stimulation in vivo .

Its employment policies , including the commitment to equal opportunity , are designed to attract , retain and motivate the very best staff regardless of sex , race , religion or disability .
its employment policies , including the commitment to equal opportunity , are designed to attract , [keep] and motivate the very best staff regardless of sex , race , religion or disability .

Marsh observed that companies tend to retain the services of their financial advisers over extended periods and therefore the underwriting is but one of many such financial services .
marsh observed that companies tend to [keep] the services of their financial advisers over extended periods and therefore the underwriting is but one of many such financial services .

The trade unions should retain influence , but surrender control .
the trade unions should [keep] influence , but surrender control .

The trade unions should retain influence , but we must surrender control .
the trade unions should [keep] influence , but we must surrender control .

Sidney Samuelson , the chairman of lighting hire group Samuelson which was taken over by Eagle in 1987 , is also resigning though he will retain his position at Samuelson .
sidney samuelson , the chairman of lighting hire group samuelson which was taken over by eagle in 1987 , is also resigning though he will [keep] his position at samuelson .

His range alone is impressive : he can spring into a left uchimata ( inner thigh throw ) then twist right into a seoi-nage ( shoulder throw ) and still retain sufficient balance to produce a sparkling footsweep which will send his opponent crashing to the ground .
his range alone is impressive : he can spring into a left uchimata ( inner thigh throw ) then twist right into a seoi-nage ( shoulder throw ) and still [keep] sufficient balance to produce a sparkling footsweep which will send his opponent crashing to the ground .

For Leicester , the bottom club , teenager Kitson is likely to retain his place in attack .
for leicester , the bottom club , teenager kitson is likely to [keep] his place in attack .

The Official Verderer and four other verderers nominated by the Lord Chancellor retain judicial powers in the New Forest .
the official verderer and four other verderers nominated by the lord chancellor [keep] judicial powers in the new forest .

The conference of 1891 was urged to ‘ create in your respective centres a healthier yearning for an educated ministry , which may also retain the grand , sterling qualities of our fathers ’ .
the conference of 1891 was urged to ‘ create in your respective centres a healthier yearning for an educated ministry , which may also [keep] the grand , sterling qualities of our fathers ’ .

If their terminal positions still retain too much emphasis , then the line can be continued beyond them .
if their terminal positions still [keep] too much emphasis , then the line can be continued beyond them .

Whatever the location of the drawing , an adequately bounded , or framed , rectangle will retain its centre of energy .
whatever the location of the drawing , an adequately bounded , or framed , rectangle will [keep] its centre of energy .

The horse has to succeed most of the time to retain its self-esteem and to increase it .
the horse has to succeed most of the time to [keep] its self-esteem and to increase it .

This shows one way in which the various parts of Charlemagne 's empire could retain their cultural unity even when they broke up politically .
this shows one way in which the various parts of charlemagne 's empire could [keep] their cultural unity even when they broke up politically .

Did you have a salty meal the day before that caused you to retain water , or was the last meal of the day unusually late ?
did you have a salty meal the day before that caused you to [keep] water , or was the last meal of the day unusually late ?

Although you will no longer be keeping a diary once your programme is completed , it is an excellent idea to retain certain interests like seeking out new recipes , experimenting with different foods , trying new sports , improving your exercise capability .
although you will no longer be keeping a diary once your programme is completed , it is an excellent idea to [keep] certain interests like seeking out new recipes , experimenting with different foods , trying new sports , improving your exercise capability .

Generally speaking , it is a characteristic of modern nation-states that people acquire or retain citizenship by a rational act of will : people can relinquish membership , or can become naturalized .
generally speaking , it is a characteristic of modern nation-states that people acquire or [keep] citizenship by a rational act of will : people can relinquish membership , or can become naturalized .

We told the truth , the country deserved better than it got , and Labour would keep striving to create a country better in spirit and soul , he said , appealing for the party to retain in defeat the unity and vitality it showed in the campaign .
we told the truth , the country deserved better than it got , and labour would keep striving to create a country better in spirit and soul , he said , appealing for the party to [keep] in defeat the unity and vitality it showed in the campaign .

If Kinnock chooses to fight to retain his leadership , he will have to confront the Trojan horse .
if kinnock chooses to fight to [keep] his leadership , he will have to confront the trojan horse .

In addition , diesels generally require less maintenance than petrol engines and can retain impressive emission levels over large mileages .
in addition , diesels generally require less maintenance than petrol engines and can [keep] impressive emission levels over large mileages .

Having seen Faldo retain the title in 1990 , Woosnam was aware that lightning could strike twice , metaphorically on this course as well as literally , as it had done on Saturday and threatened to do again yesterday .
having seen faldo [keep] the title in 1990 , woosnam was aware that lightning could strike twice , metaphorically on this course as well as literally , as it had done on saturday and threatened to do again yesterday .

They must therefore retain the property to which an infant is entitled till he attains full age , and meanwhile deal with it under the directions of the will or settlement or under the orders of the court .
they must therefore [keep] the property to which an infant is entitled till he attains full age , and meanwhile deal with it under the directions of the will or settlement or under the orders of the court .

If he did nothing more he would still retain his fee simple , but he would have deprived himself of the right to present possession and enjoyment of the land ; his estate would become a future estate , which would again become a present estate , an ‘ estate in possession ’ , only when the smaller estate , the ‘ particular estate ’ which had been carved out of it , came to an end .
if he did nothing more he would still [keep] his fee simple , but he would have deprived himself of the right to present possession and enjoyment of the land ; his estate would become a future estate , which would again become a present estate , an ‘ estate in possession ’ , only when the smaller estate , the ‘ particular estate ’ which had been carved out of it , came to an end .

No longer is the settlor trying to retain the family mansion and parkland in the family for ever .
no longer is the settlor trying to [keep] the family mansion and parkland in the family for ever .

He is trying to establish and retain a block of capital available for the members of his family for as long as he can do so .
he is trying to establish and [keep] a block of capital available for the members of his family for as long as he can do so .

Under a trust for sale the trustees obviously can sell , and they are given by statute a discretionary power to retain .
under a trust for sale the trustees obviously can sell , and they are given by statute a discretionary power to [keep] .

Their influence declined only slowly after the war because British military operations continued around the world as Britain at first struggled to retain her empire , and then , after Suez , fought to bring about a prudent and dignified withdrawal from colonial responsibility .
their influence declined only slowly after the war because british military operations continued around the world as britain at first struggled to [keep] her empire , and then , after suez , fought to bring about a prudent and dignified withdrawal from colonial responsibility .

It had opened the door to closer collaboration in the nuclear field , bringing substantial savings in research and development costs , and enabling Britain to retain and constantly modernize her independent nuclear deterrent in ways that otherwise would have been beyond her economic means .
it had opened the door to closer collaboration in the nuclear field , bringing substantial savings in research and development costs , and enabling britain to [keep] and constantly modernize her independent nuclear deterrent in ways that otherwise would have been beyond her economic means .

As far as could be foreseen , they were to retain responsibility for the nuclear deterrent after ballistic missiles had taken over from manned bombers .
as far as could be foreseen , they were to [keep] responsibility for the nuclear deterrent after ballistic missiles had taken over from manned bombers .

The new ceiling enabled the War Office to retain some extra units that would otherwise have been disbanded .
the new ceiling enabled the war office to [keep] some extra units that would otherwise have been disbanded .

There seems to be a common thread here — a desire to rise above northern grim limits into a world of sleek , cosmopolitan opportunity , and at the same time an anxiety to retain one 's roots .
there seems to be a common thread here — a desire to rise above northern grim limits into a world of sleek , cosmopolitan opportunity , and at the same time an anxiety to [keep] one 's roots .

Some Conservative members of Parliament would like to retain its principle — that everyone should pay something .
some conservative members of parliament would like to [keep] its principle — that everyone should pay something .

Even if he stands aside , which is unlikely , he will want to retain the privilege of picking his successor .
even if he stands aside , which is unlikely , he will want to [keep] the privilege of picking his successor .

Critics think this means that they prefer to import more parts and to retain control in Japan .
critics think this means that they prefer to import more parts and to [keep] control in japan .

The remaining task matters just as much , but it is trickier : to acquire , retain and exploit local managers .
the remaining task matters just as much , but it is trickier : to acquire , [keep] and exploit local managers .

Like most countries , Iraq joined the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention of 1972 , under which signatories undertook ‘ never in any circumstances to develop , produce , stockpile or otherwise acquire or retain ’ such weapons .
like most countries , iraq joined the biological and toxin weapons convention of 1972 , under which signatories undertook ‘ never in any circumstances to develop , produce , stockpile or otherwise acquire or [keep] ’ such weapons .

’ So far as Gassendi and ( as we shall see ) Locke were concerned this objection is misplaced for , having a modest and moral view of our proper concerns , they retain an element of scepticism about man 's ability to know .
’ so far as gassendi and ( as we shall see ) locke were concerned this objection is misplaced for , having a modest and moral view of our proper concerns , they [keep] an element of scepticism about man 's ability to know .

In 1801 he wrapped the plain and pleasing ashlar face around what little he decided to retain of the earlier house .
in 1801 he wrapped the plain and pleasing ashlar face around what little he decided to [keep] of the earlier house .

The Fiction , like In Pursuit of Spring , unveils areas of experience that he felt compelled to probe , in order to retain his dignity .
the fiction , like in pursuit of spring , unveils areas of experience that he felt compelled to probe , in order to [keep] his dignity .

Those polled were then asked to rank firms in their industry ( except , for businessmen , their own company ) by eight criteria : quality of management ; financial soundness ; quality of products and services ; ability to attract , develop and retain top talent ; value as a long-term investment ; capacity to innovate ; quality of marketing ; and community and environmental responsibility .
those polled were then asked to rank firms in their industry ( except , for businessmen , their own company ) by eight criteria : quality of management ; financial soundness ; quality of products and services ; ability to attract , develop and [keep] top talent ; value as a long-term investment ; capacity to innovate ; quality of marketing ; and community and environmental responsibility .

In six of the survey 's eight categories it took one of the top three places ; it took top place ( see table 3 ) in its ability to attract and retain the ablest employees , its long-term investment value and its community and environmental responsibility .
in six of the survey 's eight categories it took one of the top three places ; it took top place ( see table 3 ) in its ability to attract and [keep] the ablest employees , its long-term investment value and its community and environmental responsibility .

The civilians would look after the waves of foreign investment lapping into Thailand , while the armed forces would retain their grip on many state-owned enterprises and would be given a free hand to run Thailand 's relations with its neighbours .
the civilians would look after the waves of foreign investment lapping into thailand , while the armed forces would [keep] their grip on many state-owned enterprises and would be given a free hand to run thailand 's relations with its neighbours .

Such weakness stops Midland from generating much-needed capital : it can retain a mere £300m this year .
such weakness stops midland from generating much-needed capital : it can [keep] a mere £300m this year .

They retain their national character thanks to differences in accounting , disclosure and tax , and to restraints — some official , some from inertia — on institutional investment in foreign shares .
they [keep] their national character thanks to differences in accounting , disclosure and tax , and to restraints — some official , some from inertia — on institutional investment in foreign shares .

Managers might not borrow as much as they should , on paper , if they want to retain a large reserve of borrowing power in case of problems .
managers might not borrow as much as they should , on paper , if they want to [keep] a large reserve of borrowing power in case of problems .

The tribal areas retain their status — which means that to this day there is no law and no democracy .
the tribal areas [keep] their status — which means that to this day there is no law and no democracy .

Although Nato and Warsaw Pact forces would be cut back under the terms of the Conventional Force Agreement now under negotiation in Vienna , each alliance would retain a military presence in its part of the German confederation .
although nato and warsaw pact forces would be cut back under the terms of the conventional force agreement now under negotiation in vienna , each alliance would [keep] a military presence in its part of the german confederation .

Mr Gidaspov , however , who is not a party apparatchik , was one of the few top Communists to retain popularity with the Leningrad electorate .
mr gidaspov , however , who is not a party apparatchik , was one of the few top communists to [keep] popularity with the leningrad electorate .

Mr Gidaspov , however , who is not a party apparatchik , was one of the few top Communists to retain popularity with the Leningrad electorate .
mr gidaspov , however , who is not a party apparatchik , was one of the few top communists to [keep] popularity with the leningrad electorate .

The four principal victors of 1945 retain responsibility for ‘ Berlin and Germany as a whole ’ .
the four principal victors of 1945 [keep] responsibility for ‘ berlin and germany as a whole ’ .

The state telecoms monopolies wanted to retain their privileged positions , and that meant extending their privileges , since new technologies and services were springing up on every hand .
the state telecoms monopolies wanted to [keep] their privileged positions , and that meant extending their privileges , since new technologies and services were springing up on every hand .

The company has appealed Mr Wakeham in a bid to dilute the market share promised to National Power which will retain a near 50 per cent interest in British generating plant even without its nuclear plant .
the company has appealed mr wakeham in a bid to dilute the market share promised to national power which will [keep] a near 50 per cent interest in british generating plant even without its nuclear plant .

The Forum source said that the Communists may retain half the cabinet seats , but that this was the absolute maximum the party could expect .
the forum source said that the communists may [keep] half the cabinet seats , but that this was the absolute maximum the party could expect .

An augmented roman alphabet , still based on prehistoric cave drawings , would retain the physical defects of many of the existing letters .
an augmented roman alphabet , still based on prehistoric cave drawings , would [keep] the physical defects of many of the existing letters .

One of the most interesting questions about higher education in Britain is how these two ancient universities have been able to retain their pre-eminence over time .
one of the most interesting questions about higher education in britain is how these two ancient universities have been able to [keep] their pre-eminence over time .

Yet this had long been known : for example , the maxims of La Rochefoucauld , which retain their power to amuse and disturb , established conclusively that many things in human affairs are far from what they seem .
yet this had long been known : for example , the maxims of la rochefoucauld , which [keep] their power to amuse and disturb , established conclusively that many things in human affairs are far from what they seem .

The incident has angered senior party officials who are fighting to retain Conservative-held seats in Scotland at a time when the Scottish Nationalist bandwagon is gathering pace .
the incident has angered senior party officials who are fighting to [keep] conservative-held seats in scotland at a time when the scottish nationalist bandwagon is gathering pace .

Perhaps the most interesting feature of the pattern is that Second Division clubs have continued to reach the semi-finals and finals despite the abolition of the footballer 's maximum wage in 1961 and the subsequent destruction of the retain and transfer system .
perhaps the most interesting feature of the pattern is that second division clubs have continued to reach the semi-finals and finals despite the abolition of the footballer 's maximum wage in 1961 and the subsequent destruction of the [keep] and transfer system .

What slight hope the East London club retain of sharing in the projected Premier League bonanza was dimmed further here by two pieces of sloppy defending that allowed Chelsea to end a run of four games without a win more easily than the one-goal margin might suggest .
what slight hope the east london club [keep] of sharing in the projected premier league bonanza was dimmed further here by two pieces of sloppy defending that allowed chelsea to end a run of four games without a win more easily than the one-goal margin might suggest .

Grampian plans to retain Patrick , a similar sports goods brand .
grampian plans to [keep] patrick , a similar sports goods brand .

of correspondents who said they intended to vote Conservative said that Britain should retain its own currency even if the rest of the European Community had a common currency .
of correspondents who said they intended to vote conservative said that britain should [keep] its own currency even if the rest of the european community had a common currency .

Surrey retain league title
surrey [keep] league title

Ethnic Croats and Muslim Slavs , who together make up over 60 per cent of Bosnia 's population , support independence while minority Serbs have vowed to fight to retain links with Serbia , which borders Bosnia to the east .
ethnic croats and muslim slavs , who together make up over 60 per cent of bosnia 's population , support independence while minority serbs have vowed to fight to [keep] links with serbia , which borders bosnia to the east .

Elaborating later at a news conference , Mr Levy said Mr Shamir had assured him in writing that he would retain his positions as Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister , and one of his followers would be named to the next Likud-led government .
elaborating later at a news conference , mr levy said mr shamir had assured him in writing that he would [keep] his positions as deputy prime minister and foreign minister , and one of his followers would be named to the next likud-led government .

They are usually preserved as flattened impressions , which retain little of their finer detail .
they are usually preserved as flattened impressions , which [keep] little of their finer detail .

Some retain their shell , others show the dark internal moulds .
some [keep] their shell , others show the dark internal moulds .

It was in the Mesozoic that a really considerable proliferation of urchins occurred , and they acquired the importance in the marine economy that they retain .
it was in the mesozoic that a really considerable proliferation of urchins occurred , and they acquired the importance in the marine economy that they [keep] .

Spiders are known as far back as the Carboniferous , but their remains are principally known fossilized from the Tertiary ambers , where perfectly preserved specimens retain even the hairs on the legs .
spiders are known as far back as the carboniferous , but their remains are principally known fossilized from the tertiary ambers , where perfectly preserved specimens [keep] even the hairs on the legs .

The freshwater lungfish retain their lungs , which help them to survive periods of drying in the rivers in which they live .
the freshwater lungfish [keep] their lungs , which help them to survive periods of drying in the rivers in which they live .

They are among the easiest of fossil plants to recognize , for even flattened stems retain the characteristic jointing , and the feathery distal branches can not be mistaken for anything else .
they are among the easiest of fossil plants to recognize , for even flattened stems [keep] the characteristic jointing , and the feathery distal branches can not be mistaken for anything else .

Right Burrowing bivalve mollusc in life position ; the siphons retain contact with the surface
right burrowing bivalve mollusc in life position ; the siphons [keep] contact with the surface

Many of them retain contact with the surface of the sediment by means of long siphons ( see left ) , which enable them to breathe and feed on small organic particles .
many of them [keep] contact with the surface of the sediment by means of long siphons ( see left ) , which enable them to breathe and feed on small organic particles .

It is claimed that the ‘ principle of subsidiarity ’ will ensure that states retain a large measure of independence because federalism means decentralisation .
it is claimed that the ‘ principle of subsidiarity ’ will ensure that states [keep] a large measure of independence because federalism means decentralisation .

Please also retain your copy of the Final Invoice until after your holiday as this will be needed should you have to make an insurance claim .
please also [keep] your copy of the final invoice until after your holiday as this will be needed should you have to make an insurance claim .

We reserve the right to decline to accept or retain any person as a client if their conduct is disruptive and affecting the enjoyment of other holidaymakers , and we shall be under no liability for any extra costs incurred by such a person as a result of our doing so .
we reserve the right to decline to accept or [keep] any person as a client if their conduct is disruptive and affecting the enjoyment of other holidaymakers , and we shall be under no liability for any extra costs incurred by such a person as a result of our doing so .

We will retain the right of council tenants to opt for a change of landlord , but only after a fair ballot .
we will [keep] the right of council tenants to opt for a change of landlord , but only after a fair ballot .

Toward the north of the island you see exotic banana plants , pine forests and coffee plantations : an interesting coastline which alternates between small fishing ports and large stretches of beach , and here and there you can spot ancient little towns and tiny villages which still retain their authentic Canarian character .
toward the north of the island you see exotic banana plants , pine forests and coffee plantations : an interesting coastline which alternates between small fishing ports and large stretches of beach , and here and there you can spot ancient little towns and tiny villages which still [keep] their authentic canarian character .

While the whole-person approach is having powerful effects upon professional fields such as medicine , other areas such as the law and accountancy retain , possibly rightly , a ‘ case ’ approach . In some respects the process in education needs to be carried further because of the time-frame involved :
while the whole-person approach is having powerful effects upon professional fields such as medicine , other areas such as the law and accountancy [keep] , possibly rightly , a ‘ case ’ approach . in some respects the process in education needs to be carried further because of the time-frame involved :

We will retain the Department of Energy and move its petroleum engineering directorate to Aberdeen .
we will [keep] the department of energy and move its petroleum engineering directorate to aberdeen .

The end of the dock when at the upper part of its inclined railway makes a practically water-tight joint with the standing work at the extremity of what may be termed the head bay or pond of which the dock then forms a continuation , there being also a gate or gates at the end of the bay to retain the water when the dock is absent .
the end of the dock when at the upper part of its inclined railway makes a practically water-tight joint with the standing work at the extremity of what may be termed the head bay or pond of which the dock then forms a continuation , there being also a gate or gates at the end of the bay to [keep] the water when the dock is absent .

There are a few other permanent pelagic denizens which ecologically are less important , including the beautiful nautiloids — ancient cephalopods , which still retain the primitive , gas-filled shell ; the turtles and sea-snakes ; and the herbivorous sirenians — the dugongs and marine manatees of the tropics , which ( probably ! )
there are a few other permanent pelagic denizens which ecologically are less important , including the beautiful nautiloids — ancient cephalopods , which still [keep] the primitive , gas-filled shell ; the turtles and sea-snakes ; and the herbivorous sirenians — the dugongs and marine manatees of the tropics , which ( probably ! )

The relation between mind and body in this set of ideas is such that the two retain distinct properties and function as discrete entities .
the relation between mind and body in this set of ideas is such that the two [keep] distinct properties and function as discrete entities .

Adult males retain a pride only long enough to father one batch of young females for the pride .
adult males [keep] a pride only long enough to father one batch of young females for the pride .

We also value our school sixth forms , and will ensure they retain their place in the new system .
we also value our school sixth forms , and will ensure they [keep] their place in the new system .

We insisted that we should retain our power to stop the export of live horses .
we insisted that we should [keep] our power to stop the export of live horses .

In order to retain flexibility the Directors propose that the 5 % in five year limit should be continued indefinitely .
in order to [keep] flexibility the directors propose that the 5 % in five year limit should be continued indefinitely .

You retain a high degree of independence , but with the support and guidance of the franchiser .
you [keep] a high degree of independence , but with the support and guidance of the franchiser .

The insurance companies anticipate maintaining the premium rates at current levels but they retain the right to review them from time to time , subject to giving each insured person 60 days notice of any change .
the insurance companies anticipate maintaining the premium rates at current levels but they [keep] the right to review them from time to time , subject to giving each insured person 60 days notice of any change .

The Insurance Companies anticipate maintaining the premium rates at current levels but they retain the right to review them from time to time , subject to giving each insured person 60 days notice of any change .
the insurance companies anticipate maintaining the premium rates at current levels but they [keep] the right to review them from time to time , subject to giving each insured person 60 days notice of any change .

No matter who else gets out of their depth or loses track of what is being attempted , you at least must retain a clear view of the task .
no matter who else gets out of their depth or loses track of what is being attempted , you at least must [keep] a clear view of the task .

If you never cry , you will simply retain those wastes within your body .
if you never cry , you will simply [keep] those wastes within your body .

The unit goes in the basement , plant room or wherever , and the hotel comes off the grid supply of electricity — although it is sensible to retain a connection for emergencies .
the unit goes in the basement , plant room or wherever , and the hotel comes off the grid supply of electricity — although it is sensible to [keep] a connection for emergencies .

Where important structural timbers are infected but have not been weakened by the fungus , it may be practical to treat them with fungicide to retain them .
where important structural timbers are infected but have not been weakened by the fungus , it may be practical to treat them with fungicide to [keep] them .

To emphasise fully the drama of this grand space , rather than remove the raised hay-loft occupying the south end of the building , it was decided to retain this area as a dining gallery overlooking the living room , with a private sitting room at the same level lying behind a new partition .
to emphasise fully the drama of this grand space , rather than remove the raised hay-loft occupying the south end of the building , it was decided to [keep] this area as a dining gallery overlooking the living room , with a private sitting room at the same level lying behind a new partition .

Despite the architect 's awareness of the radical transformation that would be effected by conversion of the church into dwellings , it remained his objective to retain the essential character and best qualities of the original building and to keep the existing stonework as untouched as possible .
despite the architect 's awareness of the radical transformation that would be effected by conversion of the church into dwellings , it remained his objective to [keep] the essential character and best qualities of the original building and to keep the existing stonework as untouched as possible .

As it was difficult to convert the square-ended chancel into living accommodation and it was felt important to retain part of the church in its original state , this area was left almost untouched in order to operate as a multi-purpose ‘ community room ’ .
as it was difficult to convert the square-ended chancel into living accommodation and it was felt important to [keep] part of the church in its original state , this area was left almost untouched in order to operate as a multi-purpose ‘ community room ’ .

In their planning they retain the large central school-room , but the provision of classrooms is greater than the norm established by the church schools .
in their planning they [keep] the large central school-room , but the provision of classrooms is greater than the norm established by the church schools .

As the majority of the mill machinery remained — waterwheel , axle , pit wheel , ‘ wallower ’ , power shaft and millstones — and these components were chiefly situated in the lowest storey , Michael Manser decided to retain most of these items in a ‘ set piece ’ display , reminding visitors of the mill 's former function , and visible from the generous entrance hall of the house through a glass door ( Fig 56 ) .
as the majority of the mill machinery remained — waterwheel , axle , pit wheel , ‘ wallower ’ , power shaft and millstones — and these components were chiefly situated in the lowest storey , michael manser decided to [keep] most of these items in a ‘ set piece ’ display , reminding visitors of the mill 's former function , and visible from the generous entrance hall of the house through a glass door ( fig 56 ) .

The architect-owner decided to retain one of these stones as well as the timber shaft and these features make a prominent contribution to the character of the dining-room .
the architect-owner decided to [keep] one of these stones as well as the timber shaft and these features make a prominent contribution to the character of the dining-room .

Efforts to retain the character of the original building externally extended to a decision not to clean the brickwork .
efforts to [keep] the character of the original building externally extended to a decision not to clean the brickwork .

Considerable care has been taken to retain a ‘ period ’ appearance to the building .
considerable care has been taken to [keep] a ‘ period ’ appearance to the building .

Wallpaper also absorbs smells but , unlike the new paint , tends to retain them .
wallpaper also absorbs smells but , unlike the new paint , tends to [keep] them .

Although redesigned , the cockpit is obviously supposed to retain the character of the old 911 .
although redesigned , the cockpit is obviously supposed to [keep] the character of the old 911 .

That is an unfair responsibility to impose on institutions that will not want to retain holdings in all 10 authorities .
that is an unfair responsibility to impose on institutions that will not want to [keep] holdings in all 10 authorities .

The suggestion could mean that barristers would retain much of their monopoly over advocacy in the higher courts .
the suggestion could mean that barristers would [keep] much of their monopoly over advocacy in the higher courts .

As we shall see , this typification is a resource used by policemen and women in several situations and for many different purposes , and it has clear relevance in explaining why community relations police in West Belfast retain their commitment despite the difficulties of their task and the restricted nature of their duties .
as we shall see , this typification is a resource used by policemen and women in several situations and for many different purposes , and it has clear relevance in explaining why community relations police in west belfast [keep] their commitment despite the difficulties of their task and the restricted nature of their duties .

On dry soils , mulch annually around the plants to retain what moisture there is , and remember to water regularly if they are overhung by a tree , fence or wall and hence miss out on rainfall .
on dry soils , mulch annually around the plants to [keep] what moisture there is , and remember to water regularly if they are overhung by a tree , fence or wall and hence miss out on rainfall .

If applied early on , this exercise helps retain mobility in the damaged joints .
if applied early on , this exercise helps [keep] mobility in the damaged joints .

The Alliance Party of Northern Ireland , formed at the time of the abolition of the Stormont parliament , represents those catholics , protestants , and others who disavow the twin alliance of Ireland but retain at least a practical attitude on sovereignty .
the alliance party of northern ireland , formed at the time of the abolition of the stormont parliament , represents those catholics , protestants , and others who disavow the twin alliance of ireland but [keep] at least a practical attitude on sovereignty .

By providing core beliefs , and by reinforcing their separateness for both alliances , religious beliefs and institutions equally suppress class divisions , become embroiled in cementing alliances , and help retain the overall divisional structure of Ireland as a whole .
by providing core beliefs , and by reinforcing their separateness for both alliances , religious beliefs and institutions equally suppress class divisions , become embroiled in cementing alliances , and help [keep] the overall divisional structure of ireland as a whole .

As Ireland opened up to foreign investment under de Valera 's successor , Sean Lemass , another element in the value structure came to prominence , namely the obligation to achieve and retain full employment within the context of a modernized economy and a satisfactory level of housing , welfare , and medical care for all .
as ireland opened up to foreign investment under de valera 's successor , sean lemass , another element in the value structure came to prominence , namely the obligation to achieve and [keep] full employment within the context of a modernized economy and a satisfactory level of housing , welfare , and medical care for all .

The ubiquitous shellsuit will , however , retain its popularity as a leisure garment , although buyers will be opting for designs in fabrics with a softer handle , such as that achieved by special finishes such as acid , stone or garment washing , which can be applied to both woven and knitted cloths .
the ubiquitous shellsuit will , however , [keep] its popularity as a leisure garment , although buyers will be opting for designs in fabrics with a softer handle , such as that achieved by special finishes such as acid , stone or garment washing , which can be applied to both woven and knitted cloths .

Are the values of sport commercial or ethical ? Will television dictate the future of sport or will the public demand deeper and wider coverage ? Can sport retain an ethical base or will its involvement with television mean that it becomes completely dominated and determined by financial considerations ?
are the values of sport commercial or ethical ? will television dictate the future of sport or will the public demand deeper and wider coverage ? can sport [keep] an ethical base or will its involvement with television mean that it becomes completely dominated and determined by financial considerations ?

Sports and sporting figures are managed and packaged for television production and there is a fear amongst purists and some sporting fans that the spirit of sport will be lost in its relationship with television . Can sport retain its ethics and its involvement with huge financial bids ? What will be the role of sponsorship in the future of Sport on Television ?
sports and sporting figures are managed and packaged for television production and there is a fear amongst purists and some sporting fans that the spirit of sport will be lost in its relationship with television . can sport [keep] its ethics and its involvement with huge financial bids ? what will be the role of sponsorship in the future of sport on television ?

Around the world today , more than 100 countries still retain the death penalty , and two out of every three human beings live under governments that use torture and other cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment against them .
around the world today , more than 100 countries still [keep] the death penalty , and two out of every three human beings live under governments that use torture and other cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment against them .

Material obtained in such circumstances inevitably contains the seeds of a special inside knowledge , avoiding problems described by Liebow ( 1967 : 232–56 ) , who was still separated by cognitive barriers while pursuing research in what was ostensibly his own society , and who found an insider 's language , education , and ‘ social membership ’ all helped to retain boundaries he was unable to penetrate .
material obtained in such circumstances inevitably contains the seeds of a special inside knowledge , avoiding problems described by liebow ( 1967 : 232–56 ) , who was still separated by cognitive barriers while pursuing research in what was ostensibly his own society , and who found an insider 's language , education , and ‘ social membership ’ all helped to [keep] boundaries he was unable to penetrate .

possess any secret official code word , or password , or sketch , plan , model , article , note , document or information which relates to or is used in a prohibited place or anything in such a place , or which has been made or obtained in contravention of this Act , or which has been entrusted in confidence to him by any person holding office under Her Majesty or which he has obtained or to which he has had access owing to his position as a person who is or has been employed under a person who holds or has held such an office or contract — [ and who ] ( a ) communicates the code word , pass word , sketch , plan , model , article , note , document , or information to any person other than a person to whom he is authorised to communicate it , or a person to whom it is in the interest of the State his duty to communicate it , or ( aa ) uses the information in his possession for the benefit of any foreign power or in any other manner prejudicial to the safety or interests of the State , or ( b ) retains the sketch , plan , model , article , note , or document in his possession or control when he has no right to retain it or when it is contrary to his duty to retain it , or fails to comply with all directions issued by lawful authority with regard to the return or disposal thereof , or …
possess any secret official code word , or password , or sketch , plan , model , article , note , document or information which relates to or is used in a prohibited place or anything in such a place , or which has been made or obtained in contravention of this act , or which has been entrusted in confidence to him by any person holding office under her majesty or which he has obtained or to which he has had access owing to his position as a person who is or has been employed under a person who holds or has held such an office or contract — [ and who ] ( a ) communicates the code word , pass word , sketch , plan , model , article , note , document , or information to any person other than a person to whom he is authorised to communicate it , or a person to whom it is in the interest of the state his duty to communicate it , or ( aa ) uses the information in his possession for the benefit of any foreign power or in any other manner prejudicial to the safety or interests of the state , or ( b ) retains the sketch , plan , model , article , note , or document in his possession or control when he has no right to [keep] it or when it is contrary to his duty to [keep] it , or fails to comply with all directions issued by lawful authority with regard to the return or disposal thereof , or …

Worthington White Shield , brewed by Bass , is a strong , nutty pale ale that has to be poured with care in order to retain the natural sediment in the bottle .
worthington white shield , brewed by bass , is a strong , nutty pale ale that has to be poured with care in order to [keep] the natural sediment in the bottle .

The most appealing aspect of The Smiths is their charisma — working class street boys made good but still retain an aura of mystery .
the most appealing aspect of the smiths is their charisma — working class street boys made good but still [keep] an aura of mystery .

’ This deliberately throwaway remark hints at the paranoia within the ranks of Rough Trade where The Smiths are the only band of stature that they had managed to retain .
’ this deliberately throwaway remark hints at the paranoia within the ranks of rough trade where the smiths are the only band of stature that they had managed to [keep] .

Fact : By relinquishing the responsibility of video , The Smiths retain the freedom to choose which singles are released .
fact : by relinquishing the responsibility of video , the smiths [keep] the freedom to choose which singles are released .

How could The Smiths sink into big time rock and roll and retain their integrity ?
how could the smiths sink into big time rock and roll and [keep] their integrity ?

How can such sentiments retain their edge when rendered from the Royal Albert Hall stage ?
how can such sentiments [keep] their edge when rendered from the royal albert hall stage ?

Can we really expect them to retain the same way of thinking as they had as penniless hopefuls , and if they did would n't that simply be an insipid patronisations ?
can we really expect them to [keep] the same way of thinking as they had as penniless hopefuls , and if they did would n't that simply be an insipid patronisations ?

All the members , however retain their links to current clubs and will compete for them in league and cup matches .
all the members , however [keep] their links to current clubs and will compete for them in league and cup matches .

Andrea Whitcombe led almost from start to finish to retain her title at the Women 's National Cross-Country Championships at Birkenhead .
andrea whitcombe led almost from start to finish to [keep] her title at the women 's national cross-country championships at birkenhead .

It did n't show too badly when he finished the race with several layers of clothing on to try and retain some body heat in the cold driving rain .
it did n't show too badly when he finished the race with several layers of clothing on to try and [keep] some body heat in the cold driving rain .

‘ Stories are much easier to write in the sense that you do n't have to retain interest for 500-odd pages .
‘ stories are much easier to write in the sense that you do n't have to [keep] interest for 500-odd pages .

There was also a growing tendency to retain a certain amount of booty for personal use .
there was also a growing tendency to [keep] a certain amount of booty for personal use .

Except for non-volatile , non-absorbent products , weight loss ( or gain ) measurements should always be made in order to confirm the adequacy of the pack to retain moisture , oxygen or carbon dioxide .
except for non-volatile , non-absorbent products , weight loss ( or gain ) measurements should always be made in order to confirm the adequacy of the pack to [keep] moisture , oxygen or carbon dioxide .

If pure sands can be given sufficient organic matter to retain moisture and provide plant nutrients , they need no further structure as the pores between sand particles are large enough to allow drainage and sand can not be compacted into a ‘ pan ’ .
if pure sands can be given sufficient organic matter to [keep] moisture and provide plant nutrients , they need no further structure as the pores between sand particles are large enough to allow drainage and sand can not be compacted into a ‘ pan ’ .

The introduction of organic matter can change everything by the formation of a ‘ crumb ’ structure in which large pores allow aeration , root penetration , and drainage , and small pores ( within the crumbs ) retain water and nutrients ( see Figure 4 ) .
the introduction of organic matter can change everything by the formation of a ‘ crumb ’ structure in which large pores allow aeration , root penetration , and drainage , and small pores ( within the crumbs ) [keep] water and nutrients ( see figure 4 ) .

Country houses that substantially retain their contents and collections and are candidates for preservation intact as showpieces .
country houses that substantially [keep] their contents and collections and are candidates for preservation intact as showpieces .

For all the rough treatment meted out to houses in institutional use , many retain remarkably fine interiors .
for all the rough treatment meted out to houses in institutional use , many [keep] remarkably fine interiors .

Such houses may have lost their furniture and collections , but they retain remarkable plasterwork and woodwork , fine halls , staircases and saloons , marble chimneypieces and mahogany doors .
such houses may have lost their furniture and collections , but they [keep] remarkable plasterwork and woodwork , fine halls , staircases and saloons , marble chimneypieces and mahogany doors .

In such cases as the United Reformed Church at Headingley Hill , Leeds , it has proved possible to retain not only the galleries and organ , but also the pulpit and rostrum arrangement at the west end .
in such cases as the united reformed church at headingley hill , leeds , it has proved possible to [keep] not only the galleries and organ , but also the pulpit and rostrum arrangement at the west end .

The need is to protect and retain those that are landmarks .
the need is to protect and [keep] those that are landmarks .

The need is not only to retain what is worthwhile of the old , but also to ensure the new is sympathetic .
the need is not only to [keep] what is worthwhile of the old , but also to ensure the new is sympathetic .

Todd Swank , of Foundation , then decided to do the same and only retain his street skaters together to make a really small team .
todd swank , of foundation , then decided to do the same and only [keep] his street skaters together to make a really small team .

The culture industry does retain a trace of something better in those features which bring it close to the circus , in the self-justifying and nonsensical skill of riders , acrobats and clowns , in the ‘ defense and justification of physical as against intellectual art ’ ( Wedekind ) .
the culture industry does [keep] a trace of something better in those features which bring it close to the circus , in the self-justifying and nonsensical skill of riders , acrobats and clowns , in the ‘ defense and justification of physical as against intellectual art ’ ( wedekind ) .

The great thing about only having a licence fee is that you do retain complete editorial control and all the rights .
the great thing about only having a licence fee is that you do [keep] complete editorial control and all the rights .

Yet , whilst the Burmese retain a grudging respect for the British , they exact a characteristic vengeance upon the sanctified edifice of their former masters .
yet , whilst the burmese [keep] a grudging respect for the british , they exact a characteristic vengeance upon the sanctified edifice of their former masters .

The good news is that the need to retain skilled and experienced workers is encouraging the more enlightened employers to offer better terms to people who want to work reduced hours .
the good news is that the need to [keep] skilled and experienced workers is encouraging the more enlightened employers to offer better terms to people who want to work reduced hours .

With their experienced hooker David Watkinson still struggling for fitness , Dewsbury are likely to retain the same side as Sunday .
with their experienced hooker david watkinson still struggling for fitness , dewsbury are likely to [keep] the same side as sunday .

Because this is England 's last match for at least 3 ½ months , Robson had to balance his desire to try out a few options with the need to retain the basic framework of his World Cup team .
because this is england 's last match for at least 3 ½ months , robson had to balance his desire to try out a few options with the need to [keep] the basic framework of his world cup team .

It makes sense to retain Lineker , for though his rate of scoring may have dropped considerably over the past two years he remains the only England striker of sufficient class to succeed in Italy next summer .
it makes sense to [keep] lineker , for though his rate of scoring may have dropped considerably over the past two years he remains the only england striker of sufficient class to succeed in italy next summer .

Despite the extra size and weight of the new body , Suzuki has decided to retain the Vitara 's existing sohc 16-valve engine with EFi , which , in Japanese tune , pumps out 100bhp at 6000rpm .
despite the extra size and weight of the new body , suzuki has decided to [keep] the vitara 's existing sohc 16-valve engine with efi , which , in japanese tune , pumps out 100bhp at 6000rpm .

attempts to retain a great power stance in the world ?
attempts to [keep] a great power stance in the world ?

In The Family , Sex and Marriage he was careful to retain an open mind on affective individualism , emphasizing first that it was not necessarily the way of the future , family change not being linear , and second , that it did not necessarily result in greater happiness than other forms of family organization .
in the family , sex and marriage he was careful to [keep] an open mind on affective individualism , emphasizing first that it was not necessarily the way of the future , family change not being linear , and second , that it did not necessarily result in greater happiness than other forms of family organization .

Since the same concept occurs in an even stronger form among groups like the Pathans who still retain their tribal structure , it is possible that this particular form of family identity originated in the strife- and tension-ridden relationships between Muslim tribes .
since the same concept occurs in an even stronger form among groups like the pathans who still [keep] their tribal structure , it is possible that this particular form of family identity originated in the strife- and tension-ridden relationships between muslim tribes .

So long as people can walk out of a room and say they have decided to leave on their terms , they retain their dignity .
so long as people can walk out of a room and say they have decided to leave on their terms , they [keep] their dignity .

For example , it can not be right that the Government should retain as offices private houses and blocks of flats while homeless families are dossed down in imperfectly converted workhouses , or forced to ‘ squat ’ in Nissen huts .
for example , it can not be right that the government should [keep] as offices private houses and blocks of flats while homeless families are dossed down in imperfectly converted workhouses , or forced to ‘ squat ’ in nissen huts .

From a personal point of view , the best interviews are the ones which become conversations , discussions which proceed on an equal basis , that are informal but still retain some kind of shape .
from a personal point of view , the best interviews are the ones which become conversations , discussions which proceed on an equal basis , that are informal but still [keep] some kind of shape .

In return for a small share of the songs ' royalty earnings , the larger company takes over the day-to-day business of administering the musicians ' song catalogues while the musicians retain all copyright and control of their material ( see the ‘ self-publishing ’ section below ) .
in return for a small share of the songs ' royalty earnings , the larger company takes over the day-to-day business of administering the musicians ' song catalogues while the musicians [keep] all copyright and control of their material ( see the ‘ self-publishing ’ section below ) .

Government was particularly anxious that neither group should retain the relative economic dominance which it had acquired during the colonial period , and exchange rate management was one means by which this dominance could be restrained .
government was particularly anxious that neither group should [keep] the relative economic dominance which it had acquired during the colonial period , and exchange rate management was one means by which this dominance could be restrained .

It would be far more useful to Africa to have a smaller amount of total aid on this basis , than to retain the present system where thinking and strategy is dominated by donors , to the extent that national governments have almost lost control over public initiatives in their own countries .
it would be far more useful to africa to have a smaller amount of total aid on this basis , than to [keep] the present system where thinking and strategy is dominated by donors , to the extent that national governments have almost lost control over public initiatives in their own countries .

The Branch has formed a local Management Committee to operate the Lodge on behalf of the Association within agreed guidelines and , judging from the number of applications specifically for The White House , Bexhill-on-Sea will retain its reputation as the retirement centre of the South .
the branch has formed a local management committee to operate the lodge on behalf of the association within agreed guidelines and , judging from the number of applications specifically for the white house , bexhill-on-sea will [keep] its reputation as the retirement centre of the south .

The British still believed themselves to retain ‘ shared values ’ which the debate over a national educational curriculum in the 1980s helped stimulate anew , as it had done in the French Third Republic after 1875 .
the british still believed themselves to [keep] ‘ shared values ’ which the debate over a national educational curriculum in the 1980s helped stimulate anew , as it had done in the french third republic after 1875 .

It was like Frazer 's looking into the ‘ abysm of time ’ , but it was a vision only imperfectly appreciated by Charlie Mears , as the narrator of ‘ The Finest Story in the World ’ emphasizes : ‘ Above all , he was absolutely ignorant of the knowledge sold to me for five pounds ; and he would retain that ignorance , for bank-clerks do not understand metempsychosis , and a sound commercial education does not include Greek .
it was like frazer 's looking into the ‘ abysm of time ’ , but it was a vision only imperfectly appreciated by charlie mears , as the narrator of ‘ the finest story in the world ’ emphasizes : ‘ above all , he was absolutely ignorant of the knowledge sold to me for five pounds ; and he would [keep] that ignorance , for bank-clerks do not understand metempsychosis , and a sound commercial education does not include greek .

Previous great reforming administrations — notably the Liberals ( 1906 ) and Labour ( 1945 ) — did not retain their parliamentary majorities for long .
previous great reforming administrations — notably the liberals ( 1906 ) and labour ( 1945 ) — did not [keep] their parliamentary majorities for long .

Once again this is to retain larger numbers in the analysis and maximize the statistical reliability of the conclusions .
once again this is to [keep] larger numbers in the analysis and maximize the statistical reliability of the conclusions .

Modern British governments are intellectually committed to the concepts of limited government and political pluralism , but they retain their old authoritarian instincts .
modern british governments are intellectually committed to the concepts of limited government and political pluralism , but they [keep] their old authoritarian instincts .

Labour is certain to retain its commitment to spend more on the health service with a promise to restore the resources to the hospital sector it has lost in real terms since being in office .
labour is certain to [keep] its commitment to spend more on the health service with a promise to restore the resources to the hospital sector it has lost in real terms since being in office .

Although the east European states individually retain strong bi-lateral links with Moscow , he said , the differing attitudes to reform mean that ‘ there is clearly a group of countries who are no longer in alliance with another group ’ .
although the east european states individually [keep] strong bi-lateral links with moscow , he said , the differing attitudes to reform mean that ‘ there is clearly a group of countries who are no longer in alliance with another group ’ .

Caradon shareholders are entitled to retain an interim dividend of 4p a share .
caradon shareholders are entitled to [keep] an interim dividend of 4p a share .

This was largely due to the fact that Ramsey took every opportunity to ask that old people should retain their dignity and as much independence as possible .
this was largely due to the fact that ramsey took every opportunity to ask that old people should [keep] their dignity and as much independence as possible .

Large companies still seem to be finding it increasingly difficult to retain top management .
large companies still seem to be finding it increasingly difficult to [keep] top management .

In the ensuing month he persuaded Edwards to sell , accepting the stipulation that Edwards should retain his £80,000-a-year job as chief executive for three years .
in the ensuing month he persuaded edwards to sell , accepting the stipulation that edwards should [keep] his £80,000-a-year job as chief executive for three years .

Worswick is anxious , however , that ‘ in moving to a more commercial way of operating , we should retain our underlying scientific strengths ’ .
worswick is anxious , however , that ‘ in moving to a more commercial way of operating , we should [keep] our underlying scientific strengths ’ .

Their latest album , Wish ( Fiction/Polydor ) , not only includes a song called Wendy Time , but it also celebrates the durability of Smith 's most precious asset , miraculously unimpaired by the passage of the years : his ability to retain a sense of wonder at each manifestation of the most basic of human emotions .
their latest album , wish ( fiction/polydor ) , not only includes a song called wendy time , but it also celebrates the durability of smith 's most precious asset , miraculously unimpaired by the passage of the years : his ability to [keep] a sense of wonder at each manifestation of the most basic of human emotions .

The conference resolved that every effort should be made to retain the services of an outstanding tutor-organiser , the architect and pilot of the rural scheme , to ensure its development on a secure , permanent basis .
the conference resolved that every effort should be made to [keep] the services of an outstanding tutor-organiser , the architect and pilot of the rural scheme , to ensure its development on a secure , permanent basis .

In other words , branches agreed to retain less than before of what they had collected from students , and if necessary raise extra funds through special events .
in other words , branches agreed to [keep] less than before of what they had collected from students , and if necessary raise extra funds through special events .

As it was apparent that Stalin proposed to retain a firm grip on East Germany , the other three powers decided to create a democratic state in West Germany , by causing the existing state government to convene a constituent assembly .
as it was apparent that stalin proposed to [keep] a firm grip on east germany , the other three powers decided to create a democratic state in west germany , by causing the existing state government to convene a constituent assembly .

Probation … is a test or trial of the character of a convicted offender under suspension of judgment , in order that the court may determine if the probationer be fit to retain his or her place as a helpful member of society , or being unfit , must be deprived of his or her liberty as a menace to society .
probation … is a test or trial of the character of a convicted offender under suspension of judgment , in order that the court may determine if the probationer be fit to [keep] his or her place as a helpful member of society , or being unfit , must be deprived of his or her liberty as a menace to society .

If rural areas are to absorb and retain more labour than they have been expected to do in the past then agriculture and other forms of primary production will have a key role to play .
if rural areas are to absorb and [keep] more labour than they have been expected to do in the past then agriculture and other forms of primary production will have a key role to play .

It is invisible once applied and users retain full sense of touch and natural mobility of hands .
it is invisible once applied and users [keep] full sense of touch and natural mobility of hands .

In some areas such as spices , which retain some inorganic minerals , there are good methods for detecting irradiation , while for other foods no reliable methods exist .
in some areas such as spices , which [keep] some inorganic minerals , there are good methods for detecting irradiation , while for other foods no reliable methods exist .

In the same way , he has been able to shrug off his failure to retain Frankie Dettori , who had been offered a lucrative sum to ride the Manton horses for the owner .
in the same way , he has been able to shrug off his failure to [keep] frankie dettori , who had been offered a lucrative sum to ride the manton horses for the owner .

It came to Kanchelskis waist high and the Ukranian , who struggled in the last month to retain his place , scored with a perfect volley .
it came to kanchelskis waist high and the ukranian , who struggled in the last month to [keep] his place , scored with a perfect volley .

With the exception of the boorish bleachers at Yankee Stadium , baseball crowds retain an innocence reminiscent of county cricket before the beer-tent raucousness of the one-day game became fashionable .
with the exception of the boorish bleachers at yankee stadium , baseball crowds [keep] an innocence reminiscent of county cricket before the beer-tent raucousness of the one-day game became fashionable .

It may be more profitable however to resist such diversion and to retain the focus on this distinction between knowledge and skills .
it may be more profitable however to resist such diversion and to [keep] the focus on this distinction between knowledge and skills .

However , a central value of social work is to restore individuals to autonomy and to retain and support their social links .
however , a central value of social work is to restore individuals to autonomy and to [keep] and support their social links .

Tizard ( 1977 ) , whilst rightly arguing that new families need to be totally in control of the way they bring up their adopted children , is also prepared to concede that ‘ just as there are some couples willing to adopt handicapped children , others , especially if given the support of other adoptive parents , may be willing to adopt children who retain links with their natural families ’ .
tizard ( 1977 ) , whilst rightly arguing that new families need to be totally in control of the way they bring up their adopted children , is also prepared to concede that ‘ just as there are some couples willing to adopt handicapped children , others , especially if given the support of other adoptive parents , may be willing to adopt children who [keep] links with their natural families ’ .

By the simple expedient of giving Charles control of the military elements of his kingdom , Pepin may have ensured that his elder son would retain greater control .
by the simple expedient of giving charles control of the military elements of his kingdom , pepin may have ensured that his elder son would [keep] greater control .

Keep the sail still , balance using hips and knees When the sail is sheeted or moved to retain balance , it spoils the airflow around it and wastes valuable power .
keep the sail still , balance using hips and knees when the sail is sheeted or moved to [keep] balance , it spoils the airflow around it and wastes valuable power .

There may , after all , be something to be said for allowing the communes to retain their sales taxes , which at present account for about 60 per cent of their revenues .
there may , after all , be something to be said for allowing the communes to [keep] their sales taxes , which at present account for about 60 per cent of their revenues .

An alternative is to make the loan in terms of a foreign currency which is expected to retain its real value .
an alternative is to make the loan in terms of a foreign currency which is expected to [keep] its real value .

For many years the Yugoslav system of allocation was to allow exporters to retain a certain proportion of their foreign exchange earnings and to surrender the remainder to the National Bank .
for many years the yugoslav system of allocation was to allow exporters to [keep] a certain proportion of their foreign exchange earnings and to surrender the remainder to the national bank .

Since the purpose of allowing enterprises to retain part of their foreign exchange earnings was to enable them to finance their essential import needs , the retention ratios varied between industries .
since the purpose of allowing enterprises to [keep] part of their foreign exchange earnings was to enable them to finance their essential import needs , the retention ratios varied between industries .

The championship leader Massimo Biasion , of Italy , will retain his world title if he repeats his 1988 triumph in San Remo .
the championship leader massimo biasion , of italy , will [keep] his world title if he repeats his 1988 triumph in san remo .

Boxing : Hardy is quick to retain title
boxing : hardy is quick to [keep] title

Party members can leave Britain , set up home on the other side of the world and retain their membership cards under Walworth Road 's overseas membership arrangements .
party members can leave britain , set up home on the other side of the world and [keep] their membership cards under walworth road 's overseas membership arrangements .

This does not gainsay the fundamental proposition that it is every citizen 's duty to retain self-control — at least to the extent of not violating other people 's interests — but it does open the way to a manslaughter verdict and to sentences which are rarely longer than eight years ' imprisonment ( less than half as long as the time served by many convicted of murder ) and may be considerably shorter .
this does not gainsay the fundamental proposition that it is every citizen 's duty to [keep] self-control — at least to the extent of not violating other people 's interests — but it does open the way to a manslaughter verdict and to sentences which are rarely longer than eight years ' imprisonment ( less than half as long as the time served by many convicted of murder ) and may be considerably shorter .

This would preserve the principle that a person who is threatened must be prepared to undergo heroic self-sacrifice rather than take the life of a third party , just as the provocation doctrine preserves the principle that citizens ought always to retain self-control .
this would preserve the principle that a person who is threatened must be prepared to undergo heroic self-sacrifice rather than take the life of a third party , just as the provocation doctrine preserves the principle that citizens ought always to [keep] self-control .

More than 200 farmers applauded former board member Logan Forrest , Duns , when he called on Mr Howie to inject some backbone into his English colleagues in the battle to retain the collective strength of the marketing boards .
more than 200 farmers applauded former board member logan forrest , duns , when he called on mr howie to inject some backbone into his english colleagues in the battle to [keep] the collective strength of the marketing boards .

It was to be no bigger than its predecessor and retain the family shape .
it was to be no bigger than its predecessor and [keep] the family shape .

‘ You retain more of the nitrogen , as less is lost through emission into the atmosphere .
‘ you [keep] more of the nitrogen , as less is lost through emission into the atmosphere .

Flowers , when air dried , will retain their colour .
flowers , when air dried , will [keep] their colour .

In a sense they were victims of a paradox ; they had chosen their middle way in order to retain their identity ; yet it was to be this very middle way which convinced others that they had relinquished it .
in a sense they were victims of a paradox ; they had chosen their middle way in order to [keep] their identity ; yet it was to be this very middle way which convinced others that they had relinquished it .

They retain their foliage through the winter if they are kept moist .
they [keep] their foliage through the winter if they are kept moist .

It will suffice to say here that while most people retain quite substantial and reliable memories of their own everyday lives in childhood and young adulthood , and also of the key turning-points in middle and later life , both fleeting and peripheral experience is much more rarely remembered .
it will suffice to say here that while most people [keep] quite substantial and reliable memories of their own everyday lives in childhood and young adulthood , and also of the key turning-points in middle and later life , both fleeting and peripheral experience is much more rarely remembered .

By the mid-seventeenth century it had become normal for the wealth of the old people to be transferred to the next generation when they retired , perhaps in their sixties , but for the retired couple to retain houseroom in the family home ; and in order to make disputes less likely , these retirement arrangements were increasingly recorded in deeds .
by the mid-seventeenth century it had become normal for the wealth of the old people to be transferred to the next generation when they retired , perhaps in their sixties , but for the retired couple to [keep] houseroom in the family home ; and in order to make disputes less likely , these retirement arrangements were increasingly recorded in deeds .

All bulk chemicals should retain their identity with intact labelling , instructions and safety precautions .
all bulk chemicals should [keep] their identity with intact labelling , instructions and safety precautions .

Because these cycles predate by centuries the era of realism , Barth has managed to side-step the issue of narrative truth and retain some notion of the marvellous .
because these cycles predate by centuries the era of realism , barth has managed to side-step the issue of narrative truth and [keep] some notion of the marvellous .

It deserves to retain its dignity and to escape trivialisation .
it deserves to [keep] its dignity and to escape trivialisation .

They may want to leave the hassle of day-to-day practice , but even so , retain their skills and find it difficult to close the book on a lifetime in the profession they love .
they may want to leave the hassle of day-to-day practice , but even so , [keep] their skills and find it difficult to close the book on a lifetime in the profession they love .

Israel remained determined to retain military control if not sovereignty over all Eretz Israel/Palestine and to prevent the emergence of a Palestinian state .
israel remained determined to [keep] military control if not sovereignty over all eretz israel/palestine and to prevent the emergence of a palestinian state .

Dayan determined to retain a strong but relatively invisible grip on the territories while also creating an impression of normality for the residents .
dayan determined to [keep] a strong but relatively invisible grip on the territories while also creating an impression of normality for the residents .

Cuzco , however , like Florence , another beautiful red-roofed city , was able to retain its dignity and integrity under the tourist onslaught ; to demand that here at least , no matter how flimsy your knowledge , you had to reach some accommodation with the past .
cuzco , however , like florence , another beautiful red-roofed city , was able to [keep] its dignity and integrity under the tourist onslaught ; to demand that here at least , no matter how flimsy your knowledge , you had to reach some accommodation with the past .

Kraemer and Roberts ( 1984 ) offer as justification for this assumption the suggestion that ‘ important ’ memories retain the ability to be retrieved even after a long retention interval whereas less important memories do not .
kraemer and roberts ( 1984 ) offer as justification for this assumption the suggestion that ‘ important ’ memories [keep] the ability to be retrieved even after a long retention interval whereas less important memories do not .

If Labour wins , there will be a whole new set of ministers ; if the Tories retain power , there will be a substantial ministerial reshuffle .
if labour wins , there will be a whole new set of ministers ; if the tories [keep] power , there will be a substantial ministerial reshuffle .

In Australia , only 1,600 Britons have registered even though two million retain British citizenship and up to a third are thought to qualify under the 20-year rule .
in australia , only 1,600 britons have registered even though two million [keep] british citizenship and up to a third are thought to qualify under the 20-year rule .

Mr Sangster 's filly Musicale overcame several obstacles to retain her unbeaten record in yesterday 's Gainsborough Stud Fred Darling Stakes and is now a best-priced 6–1 favourite for the 1,000 Guineas on April 30 , although Coral 's reacted extremely cautiously by offering just 3–1 .
mr sangster 's filly musicale overcame several obstacles to [keep] her unbeaten record in yesterday 's gainsborough stud fred darling stakes and is now a best-priced 6–1 favourite for the 1,000 guineas on april 30 , although coral 's reacted extremely cautiously by offering just 3–1 .

Now it is up to Rodrigo de Triano to similarly retain his unbeaten record in today 's Greenham Stakes and Mr Sangster is particularly hopeful .
now it is up to rodrigo de triano to similarly [keep] his unbeaten record in today 's greenham stakes and mr sangster is particularly hopeful .

The soil has a tendency to become dry in summer , but a large quantity of leaf-mould , plus composted bark from the garden centre , has improved its ability to retain moisture .
the soil has a tendency to become dry in summer , but a large quantity of leaf-mould , plus composted bark from the garden centre , has improved its ability to [keep] moisture .

His exercise regime is supported by strict adherence to a diet , and together they have enabled him to retain a muscular frame with what he claims is zero body fat .
his exercise regime is supported by strict adherence to a diet , and together they have enabled him to [keep] a muscular frame with what he claims is zero body fat .

Llanelli , who are favourites to retain the trophy , have won the competition seven times since 1972 while Pontypridd were beaten finalists in 1979 .
llanelli , who are favourites to [keep] the trophy , have won the competition seven times since 1972 while pontypridd were beaten finalists in 1979 .

In December , London inflicted Kingston 's first domestic defeat of the season with a one-point win in the second leg of the NatWest Trophy semi-finals , though Kingston went on to retain the title .
in december , london inflicted kingston 's first domestic defeat of the season with a one-point win in the second leg of the natwest trophy semi-finals , though kingston went on to [keep] the title .

Curry , from London , outshone allcomers to retain her British title for the third year running .
curry , from london , outshone allcomers to [keep] her british title for the third year running .

‘ When people vote on the day , they are looking at the party who will form the government , and in this part of the country they do not want socialism , ’ said Mr Peter Hodgson , the Conservatives ' Western Area chairman , who was confident the Conservatives would retain all their seats .
‘ when people vote on the day , they are looking at the party who will form the government , and in this part of the country they do not want socialism , ’ said mr peter hodgson , the conservatives ' western area chairman , who was confident the conservatives would [keep] all their seats .

Herr Bjorn Engholm , head of the opposition Social Democrats , who only just managed to retain an overall majority in his Schleswig-Holstein constituency after an eight per cent drop in electoral fortunes , called for a ‘ national pact of common sense ’ with the ruling Christian Democrats .
herr bjorn engholm , head of the opposition social democrats , who only just managed to [keep] an overall majority in his schleswig-holstein constituency after an eight per cent drop in electoral fortunes , called for a ‘ national pact of common sense ’ with the ruling christian democrats .

Analysts believe it will pave the way for further cuts if the Conservatives retain power but fear a victory for Labour or a hung parliament could lead to higher interest rates .
analysts believe it will pave the way for further cuts if the conservatives [keep] power but fear a victory for labour or a hung parliament could lead to higher interest rates .

He is looking for a partner to retain the pub as a viable business .
he is looking for a partner to [keep] the pub as a viable business .

The most recent glass development is the growing use of solar control and low-emissivity glass , which helps to retain heat in the winter and to prevent unnecessary solar gain in summer .
the most recent glass development is the growing use of solar control and low-emissivity glass , which helps to [keep] heat in the winter and to prevent unnecessary solar gain in summer .

The supplying company could not keep up delivery of repaired gearboxes to match the rate at which they failed , and with low availability of their new fleet Provincial had to retain the DMUs it was supposed to replace for a couple or so more years .
the supplying company could not keep up delivery of repaired gearboxes to match the rate at which they failed , and with low availability of their new fleet provincial had to [keep] the dmus it was supposed to replace for a couple or so more years .

The Fieldwork Department will retain the responsibility for applications for grants to cover the costs of courses and training initiatives provided by the Age Concern England Management Development Unit , and all other training providers .
the fieldwork department will [keep] the responsibility for applications for grants to cover the costs of courses and training initiatives provided by the age concern england management development unit , and all other training providers .

However , the Circular states that they will also be expected to ‘ retain the ability to act as direct service providers , if other forms of service provision are unforthcoming or unsuitable .
however , the circular states that they will also be expected to ‘ [keep] the ability to act as direct service providers , if other forms of service provision are unforthcoming or unsuitable .

It will require a miracle for Bedford to retain their status , even allowing for their few plus points — a top New Zealand coach , the arrival of a useful looking New Zealand scrum-half , and the fact that if the three national divisions are expanded , as proposed , next season , only one team will be going down from the First Division .
it will require a miracle for bedford to [keep] their status , even allowing for their few plus points — a top new zealand coach , the arrival of a useful looking new zealand scrum-half , and the fact that if the three national divisions are expanded , as proposed , next season , only one team will be going down from the first division .

If industry wants to retain its increasingly-important female workforce , employers must be sympathetic to the needs of women to balance work and family life ’ .
if industry wants to [keep] its increasingly-important female workforce , employers must be sympathetic to the needs of women to balance work and family life ’ .

London , who retain the side that defeated the Midlands last weekend , are favourites to clinch the title they won for the first time last year .
london , who [keep] the side that defeated the midlands last weekend , are favourites to clinch the title they won for the first time last year .

Thomas Hearns did so twice in June of this year , but Leonard managed to retain his super-middleweight title with a draw .
thomas hearns did so twice in june of this year , but leonard managed to [keep] his super-middleweight title with a draw .

No one can tell whether a corrupt and collapsing Communist party can retain any share in power .
no one can tell whether a corrupt and collapsing communist party can [keep] any share in power .

Gorbachev says party must not oppose change John Rettie reports from Moscow on Gorbachev 's attempt to retain the power of the Communists .
gorbachev says party must not oppose change john rettie reports from moscow on gorbachev 's attempt to [keep] the power of the communists .

Their plans for growth are threatened by their apparent inability to find , retain and manage key staff — in fact , they rate the problem higher than the level of interest rates .
their plans for growth are threatened by their apparent inability to find , [keep] and manage key staff — in fact , they rate the problem higher than the level of interest rates .

From Dixons , we will hear that the company should retain its independence because its current trading woes are a product of a consumer squeeze over which it has no control and because it will make lots of money when times get better and we have more spare cash with which to buy new tellies , video recorders , fridges etc .
from dixons , we will hear that the company should [keep] its independence because its current trading woes are a product of a consumer squeeze over which it has no control and because it will make lots of money when times get better and we have more spare cash with which to buy new tellies , video recorders , fridges etc .

Aberdeen , who retain the edge on goal difference , took the points from Dundee United at Pittodrie with goals by Nicholas and Mason , while Ally McCoist established a Premier Division scoring record in Rangers 's 3-0 home win over Motherwell .
aberdeen , who [keep] the edge on goal difference , took the points from dundee united at pittodrie with goals by nicholas and mason , while ally mccoist established a premier division scoring record in rangers 's 3-0 home win over motherwell .

The mill still manages to retain an air of tranquillity about it and , despite its continuing commercial use , the area around the mill plays host to many wild birds and animals .
the mill still manages to [keep] an air of tranquillity about it and , despite its continuing commercial use , the area around the mill plays host to many wild birds and animals .

The mill became a delightful residence in 1968 and , despite its domestic role , still manages to retain the unmistakable characteristics of its former uses .
the mill became a delightful residence in 1968 and , despite its domestic role , still manages to [keep] the unmistakable characteristics of its former uses .

The present Boddington Mill appears to retain parts of an older structure for , as well as the main brick-built part , it incorporates a half-timbered , gabled section .
the present boddington mill appears to [keep] parts of an older structure for , as well as the main brick-built part , it incorporates a half-timbered , gabled section .

This is one mill which , with the cooperation of local government and the company , has managed to retain much of its historic character and still manage to modernise and remain competitive .
this is one mill which , with the cooperation of local government and the company , has managed to [keep] much of its historic character and still manage to modernise and remain competitive .

Trinity Mill has been out of commercial use since the 1930s but is fortunate enough still to retain its fine internal , breastshot wheel , as well as a number of other remains , including a bolter , chaff-chutter and sack scales .
trinity mill has been out of commercial use since the 1930s but is fortunate enough still to [keep] its fine internal , breastshot wheel , as well as a number of other remains , including a bolter , chaff-chutter and sack scales .

Both were flour mills and still retain some of their original machinery .
both were flour mills and still [keep] some of their original machinery .

Do make sure that you retain the right to sell soft drinks and refreshments , these are far easier to manage and provide a good ratio of profit to outlay .
do make sure that you [keep] the right to sell soft drinks and refreshments , these are far easier to manage and provide a good ratio of profit to outlay .

Meanwhile the Elector Carl Theodor had taken up residence in Munich , and had invited the members of his court to join him there ( though they could stay on at Mannheim and retain their salaries if they wished ) .
meanwhile the elector carl theodor had taken up residence in munich , and had invited the members of his court to join him there ( though they could stay on at mannheim and [keep] their salaries if they wished ) .

The government chose to retain collective worship in schools , but to change the law to reflect ‘ present practice ’ in schools .
the government chose to [keep] collective worship in schools , but to change the law to reflect ‘ present practice ’ in schools .

However , it is doubtful that establishing the teacher 's authority in a statutory form would automatically , as the Elton Committee hoped , remove all scope for argument , since any rules would have to retain the flexibility which exists at present — inevitably leaving grey areas .
however , it is doubtful that establishing the teacher 's authority in a statutory form would automatically , as the elton committee hoped , remove all scope for argument , since any rules would have to [keep] the flexibility which exists at present — inevitably leaving grey areas .

Nonetheless , there were also women who chose against marriage in order to retain personal freedom .
nonetheless , there were also women who chose against marriage in order to [keep] personal freedom .

Whereas Leapor seeks to retain freedoms which are threatened with the pruning knife , Duck belongs to a section of rural society which has already seen its rights cut away .
whereas leapor seeks to [keep] freedoms which are threatened with the pruning knife , duck belongs to a section of rural society which has already seen its rights cut away .

By 1852 the Court was established in the form which it was to retain until 1870 , and from its inception it became clear that this was not only a new Court but a new type of court .
by 1852 the court was established in the form which it was to [keep] until 1870 , and from its inception it became clear that this was not only a new court but a new type of court .

One of the reasons why Napoleon wished to retain close supervision of France 's foreign policy was his understanding of the difficulties which would arise once he began to probe the weaknesses of the European system established in 1815 and designed as a check to French ambition .
one of the reasons why napoleon wished to [keep] close supervision of france 's foreign policy was his understanding of the difficulties which would arise once he began to probe the weaknesses of the european system established in 1815 and designed as a check to french ambition .

Expansion of this network is greatest among the rich , where people may retain contact with one hundred to two hundred relatives .
expansion of this network is greatest among the rich , where people may [keep] contact with one hundred to two hundred relatives .

It is true that the potential is clearly there : judges retain the independence they won after the ‘ Glorious Revolution ’ ; members of the senior judiciary may only be removed by the Queen on an address presented by both Houses of Parliament .
it is true that the potential is clearly there : judges [keep] the independence they won after the ‘ glorious revolution ’ ; members of the senior judiciary may only be removed by the queen on an address presented by both houses of parliament .

Because they retain their leg-like character and since their positional value is changed from proximal to distal , toes form .
because they [keep] their leg-like character and since their positional value is changed from proximal to distal , toes form .

Their presence is explained in an appeal of 1548 to retain both churches : ‘ The town of Henley is severed from the Parish Church with a brook which in winter so riseth that none may pass over it without danger of perishing .
their presence is explained in an appeal of 1548 to [keep] both churches : ‘ the town of henley is severed from the parish church with a brook which in winter so riseth that none may pass over it without danger of perishing .

But if school does not retain some ability to perform this apparently fruitless activity , it will in fact have lost its purpose .
but if school does not [keep] some ability to perform this apparently fruitless activity , it will in fact have lost its purpose .

Whatever the outcome of the Higginson Committee 's inquiry may be , if we are to see a radical improvement in secondary education , we must learn to think not merely of a new form of examination ( and therefore presumably a novel kind of syllabus that will lead to it ) but of a wholly new approach to those studies that we wish to retain in the sixth forms at school , and how these studies are to relate to the pupils ' next step , when they leave school .
whatever the outcome of the higginson committee 's inquiry may be , if we are to see a radical improvement in secondary education , we must learn to think not merely of a new form of examination ( and therefore presumably a novel kind of syllabus that will lead to it ) but of a wholly new approach to those studies that we wish to [keep] in the sixth forms at school , and how these studies are to relate to the pupils ' next step , when they leave school .

Four young men were appearing on chargers of peddling drugs , an old lady had had her hand chopped off whilst attempting to retain her purse , containing just two and eightpence , and a motorway to end all motorways was proposed which would wipe out six particularly exquisite villages and several hundred miles of countryside .
four young men were appearing on chargers of peddling drugs , an old lady had had her hand chopped off whilst attempting to [keep] her purse , containing just two and eightpence , and a motorway to end all motorways was proposed which would wipe out six particularly exquisite villages and several hundred miles of countryside .

Thus , to retain their value , they must be seen not as rigid dogma , but as sufficiently flexible to accommodate a changing social scene .
thus , to [keep] their value , they must be seen not as rigid dogma , but as sufficiently flexible to accommodate a changing social scene .

You will recall that Mrs Carrington spoke of her husband losing his rationality , and yet that he wanted to retain control over his fate .
you will recall that mrs carrington spoke of her husband losing his rationality , and yet that he wanted to [keep] control over his fate .

The specialists again argue that with the right regime of treatment , there is no need for this to happen ; but in reality the right regime is not always available , and even if it were , some patients may wish to retain their independence to choose suicide .
the specialists again argue that with the right regime of treatment , there is no need for this to happen ; but in reality the right regime is not always available , and even if it were , some patients may wish to [keep] their independence to choose suicide .

They represent an attempt to retain autonomy through prior expression of will , after the ability to choose and act on the choice has gone .
they represent an attempt to [keep] autonomy through prior expression of will , after the ability to choose and act on the choice has gone .

Buildings can be designed to absorb and retain heat from the sun to save on heating costs .
buildings can be designed to absorb and [keep] heat from the sun to save on heating costs .

Keeping the building 's historic aspect was not always achieved and as most of the barns were converted for residential purposes it was necessary to pay careful attention to planning and design to retain the original character , and this was not always done .
keeping the building 's historic aspect was not always achieved and as most of the barns were converted for residential purposes it was necessary to pay careful attention to planning and design to [keep] the original character , and this was not always done .

However , frozen food does not retain the vitamins of fresh produce and the danger is to opt for frozen even if fresh food is available and hence miss out on valuable nutrients .
however , frozen food does not [keep] the vitamins of fresh produce and the danger is to opt for frozen even if fresh food is available and hence miss out on valuable nutrients .

Retain flexibility even in a planned interview .
[keep] flexibility even in a planned interview .

Our efforts are leaning towards product offerings and building relationships as a basis on which to retain customers .
our efforts are leaning towards product offerings and building relationships as a basis on which to [keep] customers .

The agency has a great ability to retain its clients .
the agency has a great ability to [keep] its clients .

The easiest and least expensive way to retain your freedom and independence .
the easiest and least expensive way to [keep] your freedom and independence .

Are you a creative person ? Do you have specific skills , such as writing , typing , bookkeeping , administration in general ? Are you a fast reader with the ability to retain the key points ? Are you a competent carpenter , plumber , welder , mechanic ? Do you have gifts such as music , or preaching , or teaching or even story-telling ? Are you athletic or physically strong ? Are you forceful ; are you goal oriented ? Do you have perseverance ?
are you a creative person ? do you have specific skills , such as writing , typing , bookkeeping , administration in general ? are you a fast reader with the ability to [keep] the key points ? are you a competent carpenter , plumber , welder , mechanic ? do you have gifts such as music , or preaching , or teaching or even story-telling ? are you athletic or physically strong ? are you forceful ; are you goal oriented ? do you have perseverance ?

The Reich 's attempts at industrialisation had been contradicted by the effort to retain a semi-feudal social and political structure .
the reich 's attempts at industrialisation had been contradicted by the effort to [keep] a semi-feudal social and political structure .

This is due to the fact that the mother will have shed her coat , while the young retain their fluffy coat which appears to increase their body size .
this is due to the fact that the mother will have shed her coat , while the young [keep] their fluffy coat which appears to increase their body size .

He may let you do everything you ask : use a gun , use dogs , use nets , come and go as you please — and retain all the rabbits you kill totally without cost .
he may let you do everything you ask : use a gun , use dogs , use nets , come and go as you please — and [keep] all the rabbits you kill totally without cost .

The more efficient you become the more likely you are to retain the rabbiting rights for the future .
the more efficient you become the more likely you are to [keep] the rabbiting rights for the future .

On the other hand , if no digging out and filling in is done first time , the remaining rabbits retain a free run of the entire system and are much more difficult to corner .
on the other hand , if no digging out and filling in is done first time , the remaining rabbits [keep] a free run of the entire system and are much more difficult to corner .

Dad seldom failed to offer the man to retain the change , in lieu of a drink , for like mother , he was generous .
dad seldom failed to offer the man to [keep] the change , in lieu of a drink , for like mother , he was generous .

Another reason for wanting to retain the inclusion of a relatively poor inner-city area was that it is in such areas that the problems of service provision to dementia sufferers are often at their most acute .
another reason for wanting to [keep] the inclusion of a relatively poor inner-city area was that it is in such areas that the problems of service provision to dementia sufferers are often at their most acute .

They still retain their stronghold in southwest Scotland and northern England today .
they still [keep] their stronghold in southwest scotland and northern england today .

The cows retain a high level of fertility and have ample milk for their calves , which are small at birth ( 30–40kg ) and present no calving problems in crossbreds .
the cows [keep] a high level of fertility and have ample milk for their calves , which are small at birth ( 30–40kg ) and present no calving problems in crossbreds .

More recently ( 1977 ) the breed society introduced a controlled development scheme using a proportion of European blood to retain the breed 's size and increase leanness , typically with touches of Charolais , Maine-Anjou , Chianina and Limousin .
more recently ( 1977 ) the breed society introduced a controlled development scheme using a proportion of european blood to [keep] the breed 's size and increase leanness , typically with touches of charolais , maine-anjou , chianina and limousin .

Its action should be stiff enough to cast accurately and not to ‘ give ’ too much when striking , but it should still retain enough of its shock-absorber effect to cushion the resistance of a slab-sided bream when first struck into .
its action should be stiff enough to cast accurately and not to ‘ give ’ too much when striking , but it should still [keep] enough of its shock-absorber effect to cushion the resistance of a slab-sided bream when first struck into .

The next logical step was to present the bream with a small hook and bait which would be more likely to be right inside their lips when they began to carry it off , but to still retain the heaviness so that they could not manage it with a mere suck .
the next logical step was to present the bream with a small hook and bait which would be more likely to be right inside their lips when they began to carry it off , but to still [keep] the heaviness so that they could not manage it with a mere suck .

Most of the non-metropolitan counties retain the well known names , such as Cornwall , Cheshire , Hampshire , Kent and Norfolk , but there were a number of new names , varying from the attractive ‘ Cumbria ’ to the much disliked ‘ Humberside ’ .
most of the non-metropolitan counties [keep] the well known names , such as cornwall , cheshire , hampshire , kent and norfolk , but there were a number of new names , varying from the attractive ‘ cumbria ’ to the much disliked ‘ humberside ’ .

He started his business at the lower end of the market by chartering whole trains and bringing Lancashire pensioners to small south coast hotels out of season , when they helped to retain key staff and keep the hotel doors open throughout the quiet months .
he started his business at the lower end of the market by chartering whole trains and bringing lancashire pensioners to small south coast hotels out of season , when they helped to [keep] key staff and keep the hotel doors open throughout the quiet months .

Those responsible for in-house training programmes should recognise that older workers can still acquire and retain new knowledge and skills .
those responsible for in-house training programmes should recognise that older workers can still acquire and [keep] new knowledge and skills .

Would you retain a 20-year-old Mr Magoo as your chauffeur ?
would you [keep] a 20-year-old mr magoo as your chauffeur ?

In an effort to retain the goodwill of supporters , Chapman wrote to the Northampton Daily Echo :
in an effort to [keep] the goodwill of supporters , chapman wrote to the northampton daily echo :

The ‘ temptations ’ of the jazz era in London 's West End , especially to Cup finalists , were a real danger , and Chapman constantly reminded his players that ‘ they only count as long as they retain their form on the field ’ .
the ‘ temptations ’ of the jazz era in london 's west end , especially to cup finalists , were a real danger , and chapman constantly reminded his players that ‘ they only count as long as they [keep] their form on the field ’ .

The supplier sends copies of new books ( or stock revision collections ) to the librarian , who examines them at leisure and decides whether to retain ( probably ordering extra copies ) or return .
the supplier sends copies of new books ( or stock revision collections ) to the librarian , who examines them at leisure and decides whether to [keep] ( probably ordering extra copies ) or return .

Maintenance of traditional husbandry and land management on upland farms could conserve man-made landscape features such as stone walls , hedgerows , and traditional buildings and also retain important nature conservation ‘ features ’ such as hay meadows , wetlands , heath and moorland .
maintenance of traditional husbandry and land management on upland farms could conserve man-made landscape features such as stone walls , hedgerows , and traditional buildings and also [keep] important nature conservation ‘ features ’ such as hay meadows , wetlands , heath and moorland .

In maintaining captive breeding groups the aim must be to retain , if possible , the inbreeding coefficient of wild groups , and this is hampered not only by the limited captive stock available among the world 's zoos but also our ignorance of the coefficient in the wild .
in maintaining captive breeding groups the aim must be to [keep] , if possible , the inbreeding coefficient of wild groups , and this is hampered not only by the limited captive stock available among the world 's zoos but also our ignorance of the coefficient in the wild .

It might also be prudent to make notes of any conversations which have a major bearing on your status or prospects and retain them in your job file .
it might also be prudent to make notes of any conversations which have a major bearing on your status or prospects and [keep] them in your job file .

Where business executives are concerned , though , management has in most cases considerable discretion in deciding whom to retain and whom to release in a redundancy exercise .
where business executives are concerned , though , management has in most cases considerable discretion in deciding whom to [keep] and whom to release in a redundancy exercise .

Your employer may consider it more cost-effective to retain junior employees who are paid less than you .
your employer may consider it more cost-effective to [keep] junior employees who are paid less than you .

If you retain real career ambitions , this is a harsh truth which you can not entirely ignore , even if in the end you decide that you must not abandon your legal rights of redress .
if you [keep] real career ambitions , this is a harsh truth which you can not entirely ignore , even if in the end you decide that you must not abandon your legal rights of redress .

Strong-willed and ambitious for her children , she did not retain the affection of her youngest child , Samuel , despite her early devotion to him , and left him in adult life with an obscure and painful sense that she had treated him cruelly .
strong-willed and ambitious for her children , she did not [keep] the affection of her youngest child , samuel , despite her early devotion to him , and left him in adult life with an obscure and painful sense that she had treated him cruelly .

The producer must provide a description , checking that it is accurate ( no identifiable solvent residues ) , prepare a transfer note , ensure that the skip is secure , check that the waste transfer site is appropriately licensed to accept all the wastes in the skip , transfer the waste to the site suitably contained ( in this case by sheeting over the skip ) — and finally retain the transfer document for two years .
the producer must provide a description , checking that it is accurate ( no identifiable solvent residues ) , prepare a transfer note , ensure that the skip is secure , check that the waste transfer site is appropriately licensed to accept all the wastes in the skip , transfer the waste to the site suitably contained ( in this case by sheeting over the skip ) — and finally [keep] the transfer document for two years .

In the first minute of the plug formation the platelets retain their granules and remain loosely packed .
in the first minute of the plug formation the platelets [keep] their granules and remain loosely packed .

The eventual extension of the index to include outposted files would bring them under closer scrutiny and control , and , although a degree of consistency would be achieved by revising the file references to the level recommended by the Working Party , branch officers would still retain considerable discretion to organise their files in a manner that suited their particular needs .
the eventual extension of the index to include outposted files would bring them under closer scrutiny and control , and , although a degree of consistency would be achieved by revising the file references to the level recommended by the working party , branch officers would still [keep] considerable discretion to organise their files in a manner that suited their particular needs .

However , it is sometimes convenient to retain this freedom , so this restriction will not be made in the following section .
however , it is sometimes convenient to [keep] this freedom , so this restriction will not be made in the following section .

Accordingly , it is therefore more convenient to use the transformation ( 6.7 ) in the initial regions to put ( 14.2 ) where the constants and are essential in order to retain the continuity properties of the functions f and g across the boundaries and .
accordingly , it is therefore more convenient to use the transformation ( 6.7 ) in the initial regions to put ( 14.2 ) where the constants and are essential in order to [keep] the continuity properties of the functions f and g across the boundaries and .

In order to retain the one-to-one correspondence , it is appropriate initially to restrict the Bell-Szekeres coordinate x to the range .
in order to [keep] the one-to-one correspondence , it is appropriate initially to restrict the bell-szekeres coordinate x to the range .

Is it really possible to ‘ contract-out ’ some specialties and still retain a comprehensive service ?
is it really possible to ‘ contract-out ’ some specialties and still [keep] a comprehensive service ?

In the case of land left restricted to the name of the family , if no voluntary alienation takes place but the property of the heir is sold up , the buyer ought to retain the land as long as the debtor would have had it if his property had not been sold up , and after his [ the debtor 's ] death he will not have it , because an heir outside the family would be compelled to make it over .
in the case of land left restricted to the name of the family , if no voluntary alienation takes place but the property of the heir is sold up , the buyer ought to [keep] the land as long as the debtor would have had it if his property had not been sold up , and after his [ the debtor 's ] death he will not have it , because an heir outside the family would be compelled to make it over .

Social contact was vital , if you were to retain your sanity and some vestige of independence from the ‘ job ’ .
social contact was vital , if you were to [keep] your sanity and some vestige of independence from the ‘ job ’ .

They still retain large elements of animism , a belief which assigns a divine spark or spirit to every material thing .
they still [keep] large elements of animism , a belief which assigns a divine spark or spirit to every material thing .

You retain two copies , and the customer takes one slip as his receipt .
you [keep] two copies , and the customer takes one slip as his receipt .

There can be no doubt that Sewell 's efforts in assisting Palace to retain that place in Division One were magnificent .
there can be no doubt that sewell 's efforts in assisting palace to [keep] that place in division one were magnificent .

Teachers need to retain intellectual honesty .
teachers need to [keep] intellectual honesty .

It may appear contradictory , at a time when so much emphasis is given to restructuring business/education liaison around the notion of local solutions to local problems , for the Teacher Placement Service to retain a national project team comprising project director and regional managers .
it may appear contradictory , at a time when so much emphasis is given to restructuring business/education liaison around the notion of local solutions to local problems , for the teacher placement service to [keep] a national project team comprising project director and regional managers .

Local authorities will retain the responsibility for identifying the total amount of resources to be spent on education .
local authorities will [keep] the responsibility for identifying the total amount of resources to be spent on education .

By a neat twist , schools which can not recruit and retain staff are unlikely to go on recruiting pupils .
by a neat twist , schools which can not recruit and [keep] staff are unlikely to go on recruiting pupils .

In these circumstances schools may try to recruit and retain only those pupils whose performance is expected to improve the school 's position in the league tables .
in these circumstances schools may try to recruit and [keep] only those pupils whose performance is expected to improve the school 's position in the league tables .

With local management , governing bodies and heads will replace LEAs in the front-line struggle to recruit and retain teachers .
with local management , governing bodies and heads will replace leas in the front-line struggle to recruit and [keep] teachers .

Since the lawmakers were mostly of the creditor class , their attitude was to retain a statute by which they could obtain a writ for the arrest of their debtor and his detention at their will .
since the lawmakers were mostly of the creditor class , their attitude was to [keep] a statute by which they could obtain a writ for the arrest of their debtor and his detention at their will .

On the point of death he forgave them their sin , saying they should retain their tenancy of the abbot 's lands , and of his successors , by the performance of the detailed penance he laid out for them .
on the point of death he forgave them their sin , saying they should [keep] their tenancy of the abbot 's lands , and of his successors , by the performance of the detailed penance he laid out for them .

’ In the long run , this situation is bad for Britain 's industry , Maddock argues , because the technology gap is growing all the time between companies working on advanced defence electronics ( in which Britain leads the world ) and these struggling to retain some of the consumer electronics business .
’ in the long run , this situation is bad for britain 's industry , maddock argues , because the technology gap is growing all the time between companies working on advanced defence electronics ( in which britain leads the world ) and these struggling to [keep] some of the consumer electronics business .

The House Bill sets aside $ 250 million in 1984 to retain teachers and improve schools ' equipment and services — particularly access to computers .
the house bill sets aside $ 250 million in 1984 to [keep] teachers and improve schools ' equipment and services — particularly access to computers .

They want low-octane fuel because they can manufacture it without having to spend money to make substitutes for lead , which would be necessary to retain higher octane fuel .
they want low-octane fuel because they can manufacture it without having to spend money to make substitutes for lead , which would be necessary to [keep] higher octane fuel .

The system updates the information every 30 seconds , and the taxi 's memory can retain a pole 's code for up to three minutes .
the system updates the information every 30 seconds , and the taxi 's memory can [keep] a pole 's code for up to three minutes .

These units retain in its broad outlines the architecture of Fessenheim and Bugey , with the engine rooms tangential to the cylindrical reactor buildings .
these units [keep] in its broad outlines the architecture of fessenheim and bugey , with the engine rooms tangential to the cylindrical reactor buildings .

The basic problem with these killed virus flu vaccines is that they do not provide either complete protection or retain their effectiveness for very long .
the basic problem with these killed virus flu vaccines is that they do not provide either complete protection or [keep] their effectiveness for very long .

These males are still in their bright nuptial plumage and as long as they retain it they maintain the high levels of vigilance observed when accompanying their females .
these males are still in their bright nuptial plumage and as long as they [keep] it they maintain the high levels of vigilance observed when accompanying their females .

The attempt by the Americans to retain control over both military and industrial use of atomic energy , doomed to failure as it was , runs like a thread through this fascinating memoir .
the attempt by the americans to [keep] control over both military and industrial use of atomic energy , doomed to failure as it was , runs like a thread through this fascinating memoir .

However , although home-grown plants do not look like their parents they retain the chemical characteristics .
however , although home-grown plants do not look like their parents they [keep] the chemical characteristics .

Only a very large body , weighing about 100 tons or more , will retain its cosmic velocity and plunge into the Earth with explosive force .
only a very large body , weighing about 100 tons or more , will [keep] its cosmic velocity and plunge into the earth with explosive force .

The Report concluded : ‘ Moreover in recent years there was a substantial increase in Argentina 's military strengths in all three of its armed services , which must have increased its confidence in its ability to occupy the Islands and retain them . ’
the report concluded : ‘ moreover in recent years there was a substantial increase in argentina 's military strengths in all three of its armed services , which must have increased its confidence in its ability to occupy the islands and [keep] them . ’

There is little nutrient present naturally , because chemically the sand is unable to retain it , and there are no soil microorganisms or fauna .
there is little nutrient present naturally , because chemically the sand is unable to [keep] it , and there are no soil microorganisms or fauna .

Arthur Conan Doyle 's experiments with fairies , Professor Johan Zollner 's trips into the Fourth Dimension courtesy of Henry Slade — these not only provide illuminating parallels with current happenings but still , after myriad exposure and confessions , retain their adherents .
arthur conan doyle 's experiments with fairies , professor johan zollner 's trips into the fourth dimension courtesy of henry slade — these not only provide illuminating parallels with current happenings but still , after myriad exposure and confessions , [keep] their adherents .

The very rich may still have their own exclusive personal physicians , but how many retain in additions , as he did , a medical student for the specific purpose of administering enemas ?
the very rich may still have their own exclusive personal physicians , but how many [keep] in additions , as he did , a medical student for the specific purpose of administering enemas ?

By 1900 a survey near the city of Manchester revealed that , there , 99 per cent of all the peppered moths were already black , while those continuing to live in cleaner , country districts retain the usual , speckled appearance of the species .
by 1900 a survey near the city of manchester revealed that , there , 99 per cent of all the peppered moths were already black , while those continuing to live in cleaner , country districts [keep] the usual , speckled appearance of the species .

They will retain this tonic immobility even if they are placed on their backs , giving certain human tricksters the chance to claim that they are capable of ‘ hypnotising frogs ’ .
they will [keep] this tonic immobility even if they are placed on their backs , giving certain human tricksters the chance to claim that they are capable of ‘ hypnotising frogs ’ .

Today 's tarsiers retain this ancient feeding pattern .
today 's tarsiers [keep] this ancient feeding pattern .

Steam or microwave vegetables to retain vitamins and flavour .
steam or microwave vegetables to [keep] vitamins and flavour .

Many couples retain their sense of injury — or perceived injury — at the hands of the other , for many years .
many couples [keep] their sense of injury — or perceived injury — at the hands of the other , for many years .

In 1638 , eminent men throughout Scotland signed the National Covenant in support of Presbyterianism , and for the next 50 years Scotland struggled to retain the Kirk 's independence .
in 1638 , eminent men throughout scotland signed the national covenant in support of presbyterianism , and for the next 50 years scotland struggled to [keep] the kirk 's independence .

This treatment of children which is uninhibited indoctrination , is evil and is a further outcome of the unyielding intention to retain the ancient ‘ gods ’ at all costs .
this treatment of children which is uninhibited indoctrination , is evil and is a further outcome of the unyielding intention to [keep] the ancient ‘ gods ’ at all costs .

Further at this point , the writer thinks it may be expedient to include a paragraph on the subject of human ability to acquire and retain a faith , or religion .
further at this point , the writer thinks it may be expedient to include a paragraph on the subject of human ability to acquire and [keep] a faith , or religion .

The ownership is now dependent only on the physical ability of the individual to retain possession .
the ownership is now dependent only on the physical ability of the individual to [keep] possession .

Rousseau ( 1762 , p. 147 ) did approve of one book : ‘ This is the first book Émile will read ; for a long time it will form his whole library and it will always retain an honoured place .
rousseau ( 1762 , p. 147 ) did approve of one book : ‘ this is the first book émile will read ; for a long time it will form his whole library and it will always [keep] an honoured place .

It is the stage of conflict with parents , the stage when power is gained to give or to retain .
it is the stage of conflict with parents , the stage when power is gained to give or to [keep] .

Thus , once appointed ‘ classics ’ , such books as The children of the New Forest , The water babies , Lorna Doone , At the back of the north wind , and Little women retain the tithe .
thus , once appointed ‘ classics ’ , such books as the children of the new forest , the water babies , lorna doone , at the back of the north wind , and little women [keep] the tithe .

Efforts should always be rewarded and whilst good salary levels are essential to retain the right calibre of staff , bonus payments for exceptional effort or particular success will be rewarded by increased motivation .
efforts should always be rewarded and whilst good salary levels are essential to [keep] the right calibre of staff , bonus payments for exceptional effort or particular success will be rewarded by increased motivation .

In the Scottish Highlands weddings still retain a hint of times past .
in the scottish highlands weddings still [keep] a hint of times past .

Dennis 's desire to retain McLaren 's lucrative Shell contract in the face of Renault 's close links with Elf still looks likely to scupper any deal .
dennis 's desire to [keep] mclaren 's lucrative shell contract in the face of renault 's close links with elf still looks likely to scupper any deal .

Parish council chairman Gillian Woodcraft said : ‘ We discussed this right at the beginning , and the parish council decided to retain it .
parish council chairman gillian woodcraft said : ‘ we discussed this right at the beginning , and the parish council decided to [keep] it .

It is very easy and only too human to retain a favourite technique and not to look too hard at other paddlers with different styles .
it is very easy and only too human to [keep] a favourite technique and not to look too hard at other paddlers with different styles .

If the materially minded evolutionists were right and mind patterns whether in humans or animals are genetically transmitted as nothing more than expressions of biochemistry , then why do dogs still retain the same instincts as the wolf ? Why , indeed , are they still the same species ? If evolution is simply a matter of selective breeding , then why can we never produce anything other than dogs from dogs , however hard we try ? There is clearly something more to dogs , and all living creatures , than meets the material eye ! And that something is nothing more than their inward consciousness , heavily hemmed in by their subtle and instinctive mental processes .
if the materially minded evolutionists were right and mind patterns whether in humans or animals are genetically transmitted as nothing more than expressions of biochemistry , then why do dogs still [keep] the same instincts as the wolf ? why , indeed , are they still the same species ? if evolution is simply a matter of selective breeding , then why can we never produce anything other than dogs from dogs , however hard we try ? there is clearly something more to dogs , and all living creatures , than meets the material eye ! and that something is nothing more than their inward consciousness , heavily hemmed in by their subtle and instinctive mental processes .

Ponds are the most obvious markers , and we have the tradition , particularly on the chalk downs and wolds , of ‘ dewponds ’ , constructed with layers of organic and inorganic material to retain water even after a prolonged dry spell .
ponds are the most obvious markers , and we have the tradition , particularly on the chalk downs and wolds , of ‘ dewponds ’ , constructed with layers of organic and inorganic material to [keep] water even after a prolonged dry spell .

In one guise , they are the descendants of an earlier race inhabiting these islands ( ‘ the little people ’ ) , who retain their pagan faith and haunts , such as remote barrows and stones .
in one guise , they are the descendants of an earlier race inhabiting these islands ( ‘ the little people ’ ) , who [keep] their pagan faith and haunts , such as remote barrows and stones .

Gypsies and other travelling people retain an instinctive awareness of the significance of sites and the flow of subtle energies through the seasons in a far stronger form than more settled people .
gypsies and other travelling people [keep] an instinctive awareness of the significance of sites and the flow of subtle energies through the seasons in a far stronger form than more settled people .

Many villages , such as Barwick-in-Elmet in Yorkshire , retain the tradition of erecting the pole and dancing round on May Eve and at other times .
many villages , such as barwick-in-elmet in yorkshire , [keep] the tradition of erecting the pole and dancing round on may eve and at other times .

There is often considerable contrapuntal interest , although not always : some of the arrangements degenerate into a languid succession of chords that do little to retain the interest of at least this listener .
there is often considerable contrapuntal interest , although not always : some of the arrangements degenerate into a languid succession of chords that do little to [keep] the interest of at least this listener .

The evidence suggests that , while privatised businesses retain more shareholders by number than the typical public company , the proportion of the equity they own soon gravitates towards the norm .
the evidence suggests that , while privatised businesses [keep] more shareholders by number than the typical public company , the proportion of the equity they own soon gravitates towards the norm .

If the recommendations of a good audit are adopted this can bring real benefits to your company in terms of reduced discharges , lower energy bills , improved market share due to product differentiation , and increased ability to attract and retain staff .
if the recommendations of a good audit are adopted this can bring real benefits to your company in terms of reduced discharges , lower energy bills , improved market share due to product differentiation , and increased ability to attract and [keep] staff .

He could retain their features in his mind and produce a lifelike sketch from memory .
he could [keep] their features in his mind and produce a lifelike sketch from memory .

retain any user files on hard discs for student microcomputer clusters without the approval of the Director .
[keep] any user files on hard discs for student microcomputer clusters without the approval of the director .

The title of the Department reflects the University 's belief that higher education is not the prerogative of the undergraduate but of all who retain an interest in learning , whether at a highly professional or purely recreational level .
the title of the department reflects the university 's belief that higher education is not the prerogative of the undergraduate but of all who [keep] an interest in learning , whether at a highly professional or purely recreational level .

But whatever happens , the ward will retain an important place in training .
but whatever happens , the ward will [keep] an important place in training .

As the title of the Department implies , the University recognizes the fact that university education is not merely for the undergraduate but for all who retain an interest in learning , whether at a highly academic or purely recreational level .
as the title of the department implies , the university recognizes the fact that university education is not merely for the undergraduate but for all who [keep] an interest in learning , whether at a highly academic or purely recreational level .

This course , with its strong academic emphasis , is a possible alternative to degree courses in the History of Art for those students who still seek to retain an involvement with practical work in Art and Design .
this course , with its strong academic emphasis , is a possible alternative to degree courses in the history of art for those students who still seek to [keep] an involvement with practical work in art and design .

It 's also very necessary to retain independence on both sides .
it 's also very necessary to [keep] independence on both sides .

Figures taken from an American survey indicated that ‘ learners retain about 10 % of what they read , 20 % of what they hear , 30 % of what they see , 50 % of what they see and hear , 70 % of what they say as they talk and 90 % of what they say as they do a thing ’ .
figures taken from an american survey indicated that ‘ learners [keep] about 10 % of what they read , 20 % of what they hear , 30 % of what they see , 50 % of what they see and hear , 70 % of what they say as they talk and 90 % of what they say as they do a thing ’ .

It 's important for anyone with arthritis to try to retain and improve mobility through exercise and movement .
it 's important for anyone with arthritis to try to [keep] and improve mobility through exercise and movement .

money must retain its value , otherwise people will get rid of it in exchange for real ( intrinsic ) commodities ;
money must [keep] its value , otherwise people will get rid of it in exchange for real ( intrinsic ) commodities ;

However , it must maintain adequate liquid assets in order to retain the public 's confidence that deposits , i.e .
however , it must maintain adequate liquid assets in order to [keep] the public 's confidence that deposits , i.e .

If a bank receives a new cash deposit of £ 100 , it will retain £ 10 and lend out the remaining £90 .
if a bank receives a new cash deposit of £ 100 , it will [keep] £ 10 and lend out the remaining £90 .

The bank will retain £9 ( 10 per cent of £90 ) and lend £81 , and so on .
the bank will [keep] £9 ( 10 per cent of £90 ) and lend £81 , and so on .

The other group of three departments retain most information in hard copy but use online services to supplement it , particularly for newspaper and journal articles and some financial information .
the other group of three departments [keep] most information in hard copy but use online services to supplement it , particularly for newspaper and journal articles and some financial information .

The other two departments use online services which they either retain themselves or share with other departments .
the other two departments use online services which they either [keep] themselves or share with other departments .

’ The answers to these questions will determine which books the local researcher will purchase and retain .
’ the answers to these questions will determine which books the local researcher will purchase and [keep] .

Ministers and other politicians continue to tell the public that education will continue to grow , in order to retain political credibility — since education is considered an important issue — while at the same time telling administrators to cut budgets .
ministers and other politicians continue to tell the public that education will continue to grow , in order to [keep] political credibility — since education is considered an important issue — while at the same time telling administrators to cut budgets .

Furthermore , numbers of other organizations , large and small , have been involved in a variety of ‘ alternative ’ educational projects , and the question arises as to how much autonomy these should retain .
furthermore , numbers of other organizations , large and small , have been involved in a variety of ‘ alternative ’ educational projects , and the question arises as to how much autonomy these should [keep] .

Loch Ranza opened to us a complete change of scene : there were houses , a church , an inn , and even the old castle was allowed to retain its site , and guide the fishers in their homeward course .
loch ranza opened to us a complete change of scene : there were houses , a church , an inn , and even the old castle was allowed to [keep] its site , and guide the fishers in their homeward course .

It is inevitable that they are attended by those whose prime motive appears to be to register their attendance and thereby retain their name on the roll .
it is inevitable that they are attended by those whose prime motive appears to be to register their attendance and thereby [keep] their name on the roll .

It could be seen as an attempt by the government to try to retain urban seats or , perhaps more accurately , as the reflection of a personal commitment towards the inner cities on the part of Peter Shore , Secretary of State for the Environment ( MacKay and Cox , 1979 ) .
it could be seen as an attempt by the government to try to [keep] urban seats or , perhaps more accurately , as the reflection of a personal commitment towards the inner cities on the part of peter shore , secretary of state for the environment ( mackay and cox , 1979 ) .

It is convenient to retain the nuclear/non-nuclear distinction when discussing the background to emergency planning .
it is convenient to [keep] the nuclear/non-nuclear distinction when discussing the background to emergency planning .

The judges ' decision can therefore be seen as an attempt by enlightened amateurs to retain their position as arbiters of taste in the face of these threats , by sponsoring a style of architecture which they felt would be an appropriate form of building in Victorian England .
the judges ' decision can therefore be seen as an attempt by enlightened amateurs to [keep] their position as arbiters of taste in the face of these threats , by sponsoring a style of architecture which they felt would be an appropriate form of building in victorian england .

It should be remembered that an anxious person , even an intelligent one , does not retain as much new information as normally .
it should be remembered that an anxious person , even an intelligent one , does not [keep] as much new information as normally .

A related dilemma involves whether to retain a kindergartner for a second kindergarten year if he or she is not progressing well .
a related dilemma involves whether to [keep] a kindergartner for a second kindergarten year if he or she is not progressing well .

As children participate in these dialogues , they adopt the narrative thinking generated in them and retain many details about past events , made personally meaningful in the context of parent–child conversation .
as children participate in these dialogues , they adopt the narrative thinking generated in them and [keep] many details about past events , made personally meaningful in the context of parent–child conversation .

Not until age 8 do children fully grasp the unreality of TV ﬁction—that characters do not retain their roles outside the TV show .
not until age 8 do children fully grasp the unreality of tv ﬁction—that characters do not [keep] their roles outside the tv show .

Children retain both aspects of play , in changing balances , throughout development .
children [keep] both aspects of play , in changing balances , throughout development .

The struggle for the right to work and to retain the fruits of one ’ s labor was one of the passions of the nineteenth century .
the struggle for the right to work and to [keep] the fruits of one ’ s labor was one of the passions of the nineteenth century .

To read the Reconstruction Amendments in this way would “ fetter and degrade the State governments by subjecting them to the control of Congress. ” 27 The primary issue , as understood by the majority , was whether the states would retain their own special authority over their own citizens , an authority that was expressed in the “ police power ” to legislate for the common good .
to read the reconstruction amendments in this way would “ fetter and degrade the state governments by subjecting them to the control of congress. ” 27 the primary issue , as understood by the majority , was whether the states would [keep] their own special authority over their own citizens , an authority that was expressed in the “ police power ” to legislate for the common good .

Whether the Union forces could properly seize ships without congressional approval became one of the early legal controversies of the war.2 Then came the dispute about Lincoln ’ s authorizing his generals in the field to suspend the writ of habeas corpus—the great writ by which the courts retain the power to supervise the arrest and detention of criminal suspects .
whether the union forces could properly seize ships without congressional approval became one of the early legal controversies of the war.2 then came the dispute about lincoln ’ s authorizing his generals in the field to suspend the writ of habeas corpus—the great writ by which the courts [keep] the power to supervise the arrest and detention of criminal suspects .

Thus some scholars have argued that the people of every generation retain the authority both to transform the Constitution or , if they so choose , to repeal it entirely.8 I disagree .
thus some scholars have argued that the people of every generation [keep] the authority both to transform the constitution or , if they so choose , to repeal it entirely.8 i disagree .

Modern evolutionary theory , based on Darwin ’ s concept of descent with heritable variations that are sifted by natural selection to retain the adaptive changes , has come to view selection as the sole source of order in biological organisms .
modern evolutionary theory , based on darwin ’ s concept of descent with heritable variations that are sifted by natural selection to [keep] the adaptive changes , has come to view selection as the sole source of order in biological organisms .

Despite the fact that Scotland was allowed to retain its own legal system , education system , and national Presbyterian Church , the move was opposed by the great majority of Scots .
despite the fact that scotland was allowed to [keep] its own legal system , education system , and national presbyterian church , the move was opposed by the great majority of scots .

It took until 1640 for the French settlers to prevail against the Caribs , who were fighting to retain the island they loved .
it took until 1640 for the french settlers to prevail against the caribs , who were fighting to [keep] the island they loved .

Opting , as a dubious second best , for eight years of British occupation in 1794 , the island managed to retain slavery and avoid the revolutionary terror that Guadeloupe underwent .
opting , as a dubious second best , for eight years of british occupation in 1794 , the island managed to [keep] slavery and avoid the revolutionary terror that guadeloupe underwent .

East Jerusalem Although Jerusalem was reunited after the Six Day War in 1967 , East Jerusalem and other parts of the city previously held by Jordan retain their Arab way of life .
east jerusalem although jerusalem was reunited after the six day war in 1967 , east jerusalem and other parts of the city previously held by jordan [keep] their arab way of life .

Suleiman the Magnificent rebuilt the walls and gates in the form they retain to this day .
suleiman the magnificent rebuilt the walls and gates in the form they [keep] to this day .

To avoid possible complications with customs , veteran travelers ask for and retain a receipt ( sales slip ) for everything purchased .
to avoid possible complications with customs , veteran travelers ask for and [keep] a receipt ( sales slip ) for everything purchased .

The “ New Rome ” soon achieved a preeminence in the Christian world that it would retain for 1,000 years .
the “ new rome ” soon achieved a preeminence in the christian world that it would [keep] for 1,000 years .

Chamonix The neighborhood around the church has enough old-fashioned charm to retain something of the town ’ s 19th-century pioneering atmosphere .
chamonix the neighborhood around the church has enough old-fashioned charm to [keep] something of the town ’ s 19th-century pioneering atmosphere .

Behind the brick façade with bas-relief friezes by Kipling ’ s father over the gate , the stalls retain their original layout : vegetables to the left ; fruit and flowers to the right ; and fish , mutton , and poultry straight ahead .
behind the brick façade with bas-relief friezes by kipling ’ s father over the gate , the stalls [keep] their original layout : vegetables to the left ; fruit and flowers to the right ; and fish , mutton , and poultry straight ahead .

They retain their original names , some with reference to local characters and activities such as Printer ’ s Alley and Aunt Peggy ’ s Lane .
they [keep] their original names , some with reference to local characters and activities such as printer ’ s alley and aunt peggy ’ s lane .

Doors , niches , struts , and cornices are superbly decorated , yet the temple and compound retain a human dimension and are not overwhelming .
doors , niches , struts , and cornices are superbly decorated , yet the temple and compound [keep] a human dimension and are not overwhelming .

The carefully preserved historic houses and public buildings retain many of the most charming features of the original Spanish colonial architecture .
the carefully preserved historic houses and public buildings [keep] many of the most charming features of the original spanish colonial architecture .

— quite remarkably , in the face of the ongoing tourism onslaught — parts of the Algarve retain their old-fashioned charm .
— quite remarkably , in the face of the ongoing tourism onslaught — parts of the algarve [keep] their old-fashioned charm .

The remaining Northwest Territories officially retain the territory ’ s old name , though many refer to the region as the Western Arctic .
the remaining northwest territories officially [keep] the territory ’ s old name , though many refer to the region as the western arctic .

Nevertheless , some of the places retain a certain charm .
nevertheless , some of the places [keep] a certain charm .

The ash fall also blocked rivers , but the dams it formed could not retain the waters for long .
the ash fall also blocked rivers , but the dams it formed could not [keep] the waters for long .

In the center of town some neighborhoods retain a medieval look .
in the center of town some neighborhoods [keep] a medieval look .

It was a mandate he was to retain for the rest of his life .
it was a mandate he was to [keep] for the rest of his life .

The village ( 3 km/2 miles east ) is very much a tourist-trap , but the lake ( named after a daughter of Queen Victoria ) and its surroundings retain their magic .
the village ( 3 km/2 miles east ) is very much a tourist-trap , but the lake ( named after a daughter of queen victoria ) and its surroundings [keep] their magic .

The Cat Islanders also retain a powerful attachment to obeah , the world of spirits and natural healing .
the cat islanders also [keep] a powerful attachment to obeah , the world of spirits and natural healing .

Although many of the streets retain the word Call in their names , there are few vestiges left of the ghetto , which once was surrounded by a wall .
although many of the streets [keep] the word call in their names , there are few vestiges left of the ghetto , which once was surrounded by a wall .

The town is smaller than the resort towns in the west , and despite the intensive development in the hills surrounding it , has also managed to retain some of its village atmosphere .
the town is smaller than the resort towns in the west , and despite the intensive development in the hills surrounding it , has also managed to [keep] some of its village atmosphere .

Not particularly pretty , it is dotted with small towns and villages that retain many appearances of a lifestyle long since departed from other areas .
not particularly pretty , it is dotted with small towns and villages that [keep] many appearances of a lifestyle long since departed from other areas .

The man '' s experience had left him bitter about the legal system , since he wasn '' t able to retain a lawyer .
the man '' s experience had left him bitter about the legal system , since he wasn '' t able to [keep] a lawyer .

Others have advocated that the Department of State ( State ) should retain the visa function because they believe that there would be no gains from consolidation .
others have advocated that the department of state ( state ) should [keep] the visa function because they believe that there would be no gains from consolidation .

To address VBA 's performance expectation for senior executives to ensure that plans exist and are adequately implemented to recruit , train , retain , motivate , empower , and advance employees , the senior executive in VBA 's Manila , Philippines , Regional Office and Outpatient Clinic conducted focus groups to identify actions needed to respond to the results of the 1999 employee survey .
to address vba 's performance expectation for senior executives to ensure that plans exist and are adequately implemented to recruit , train , [keep] , motivate , empower , and advance employees , the senior executive in vba 's manila , philippines , regional office and outpatient clinic conducted focus groups to identify actions needed to respond to the results of the 1999 employee survey .

To meet BLM 's expectation for senior executives to help attract and retain well-qualified employees , the senior executive who heads BLM 's Nevada state office set a performance expectation for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle to maintain a trained and motivated workforce .
to meet blm 's expectation for senior executives to help attract and [keep] well-qualified employees , the senior executive who heads blm 's nevada state office set a performance expectation for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle to maintain a trained and motivated workforce .

Yes , audit committees of the board interact with and recommend which audit firm to retain for approval by the shareholders .
yes , audit committees of the board interact with and recommend which audit firm to [keep] for approval by the shareholders .

To respond to these changing business needs , the leading organizations we visited developed finance teams with the right mix of skills and competencies and built finance organizations that attract and retain talent as part of an overall strategic approach to human capital planning .
to respond to these changing business needs , the leading organizations we visited developed finance teams with the right mix of skills and competencies and built finance organizations that attract and [keep] talent as part of an overall strategic approach to human capital planning .

Equally important , however , are recruitment , retention , and reward strategies that enable the finance organization to attract and retain talented financial professionals at all levels .
equally important , however , are recruitment , retention , and reward strategies that enable the finance organization to attract and [keep] talented financial professionals at all levels .

While , according to employee compensation surveys , compensation is fairly comparable between the private and public sectors for entry level and middle management positions , executive compensation in the private sector far exceeds that of federal executives , thereby limiting federal agencies ' ability to attract and retain federal executives .
while , according to employee compensation surveys , compensation is fairly comparable between the private and public sectors for entry level and middle management positions , executive compensation in the private sector far exceeds that of federal executives , thereby limiting federal agencies ' ability to attract and [keep] federal executives .

In addition , opportunities may exist that will enhance agencies ' ability to attract and retain talent at all levels .
in addition , opportunities may exist that will enhance agencies ' ability to attract and [keep] talent at all levels .

The Commission determined to retain its prior year practice of mitigating the impact of the fees by establishing maximum annual fees for two categories of small entities .
the commission determined to [keep] its prior year practice of mitigating the impact of the fees by establishing maximum annual fees for two categories of small entities .

It was recognized that confidence in audits needs to be restored not only for investors , but also to attract and retain the best people for the accounting profession over time .
it was recognized that confidence in audits needs to be restored not only for investors , but also to attract and [keep] the best people for the accounting profession over time .

Further , a growing concern for the profession is its ability to attract and retain the best people over time .
further , a growing concern for the profession is its ability to attract and [keep] the best people over time .

To carry out its important function of restoring investor confidence , the SEC may not always be able to attract the right people and retain them under the existing structure .
to carry out its important function of restoring investor confidence , the sec may not always be able to attract the right people and [keep] them under the existing structure .

Travelers Retaining Supporting Documentation Each agency designing automated employee travel voucher systems discussed in the previous section also asked us if the traveler could retain the supporting hardcopy documentation .
travelers retaining supporting documentation each agency designing automated employee travel voucher systems discussed in the previous section also asked us if the traveler could [keep] the supporting hardcopy documentation .

Nevertheless , we emphasized that the travelers must retain the documents in accordance with the requirements of Title 8 , `` Records Management , '' of the GAO PolicyandProceduresManual .
nevertheless , we emphasized that the travelers must [keep] the documents in accordance with the requirements of title 8 , `` records management , '' of the gao policyandproceduresmanual .

The agency believed that a flatrate would reduce the administrative effort needed to separately record all actual lodging costs incurred , retain and submit the receipts when requested , and examine the lodging costs on the voucher .
the agency believed that a flatrate would reduce the administrative effort needed to separately record all actual lodging costs incurred , [keep] and submit the receipts when requested , and examine the lodging costs on the voucher .

DOD believes , however , that the milestone decision authority needs to retain flexibility in applying the knowledge requirement for drawings .
dod believes , however , that the milestone decision authority needs to [keep] flexibility in applying the knowledge requirement for drawings .

Other efforts include : Enhancing security and removing asbestos within the GAO Building to protect the health and safety of our most important asset-our staff -- $ 2,839,000 ; Upgrading GAO 's computer security facility to ensure our continued ability to conduct effective , comprehensive computer security controls testing of complex , diverse , and interconnected executive branch systems and to attract and retain skilled , technical staff -- $ 750,000 ; Enhancing the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institution 's efforts to combat government related corruption around the world , multi-lateral training efforts with eastern-bloc and selected South and Latin American countries , and bilateral assistance to Russia -- $ 250,000 ; and Contracting for the development of a requirements document to be used along with other legislative branch agencies to jointly procure and share a common financial management system -- $ 250,000 .
other efforts include : enhancing security and removing asbestos within the gao building to protect the health and safety of our most important asset-our staff -- $ 2,839,000 ; upgrading gao 's computer security facility to ensure our continued ability to conduct effective , comprehensive computer security controls testing of complex , diverse , and interconnected executive branch systems and to attract and [keep] skilled , technical staff -- $ 750,000 ; enhancing the international organization of supreme audit institution 's efforts to combat government related corruption around the world , multi-lateral training efforts with eastern-bloc and selected south and latin american countries , and bilateral assistance to russia -- $ 250,000 ; and contracting for the development of a requirements document to be used along with other legislative branch agencies to jointly procure and share a common financial management system -- $ 250,000 .

The proposed changes related to performance audits retain the current presentation of separate chapters for field and reporting standards .
the proposed changes related to performance audits [keep] the current presentation of separate chapters for field and reporting standards .

In an attempt to balance the interests , the Commission has decided to retain the sunset date of 2005 as the date after which licensees would not have to pay relocation costs to incumbents but decided that incumbents would not convert to secondary status until and unless an emerging technology licensee required use of the spectrum , regardless of the sunset date .
in an attempt to balance the interests , the commission has decided to [keep] the sunset date of 2005 as the date after which licensees would not have to pay relocation costs to incumbents but decided that incumbents would not convert to secondary status until and unless an emerging technology licensee required use of the spectrum , regardless of the sunset date .

In response to an increasingly competitive job market , federal agencies will need the tools and flexibility to attract , hire , retain , and reward topflight talent .
in response to an increasingly competitive job market , federal agencies will need the tools and flexibility to attract , hire , [keep] , and reward topflight talent .

To provide us greater ability to attract and retain technical talent , the legislation would provide authority comparable to that of the executive branch to compensate selected scientific and technical staff at seniorexecutive pay levels .
to provide us greater ability to attract and [keep] technical talent , the legislation would provide authority comparable to that of the executive branch to compensate selected scientific and technical staff at seniorexecutive pay levels .

A stable funding level not only supports GAO 's strong return on investment of $ 57 for every $ 1 spent , it creates the environment necessary to recruit , retain , compensate , train and motivate a strong and capable workforce .
a stable funding level not only supports gao 's strong return on investment of $ 57 for every $ 1 spent , it creates the environment necessary to recruit , [keep] , compensate , train and motivate a strong and capable workforce .

It is increasingly clear that the continued decline in the staff levels of the Congress will also necessitate that GAO retain sufficient resources to ensure effective partnering with the Congress as well as an institutional memory about government programs and operations .
it is increasingly clear that the continued decline in the staff levels of the congress will also necessitate that gao [keep] sufficient resources to ensure effective partnering with the congress as well as an institutional memory about government programs and operations .

Moreover , it will important for Congress to consider issues that will help GAO to recruit , retain and motivate an effective workforce .
moreover , it will important for congress to consider issues that will help gao to recruit , [keep] and motivate an effective workforce .

This makes it incumbent on the government to create incentives to recruit new employees and retain older employees .
this makes it incumbent on the government to create incentives to recruit new employees and [keep] older employees .

For example , the organizations that had professional and administrative staffs said that it was difficult to find and retain employees with the level of skills and foresight that would contribute to the organization 's mission .
for example , the organizations that had professional and administrative staffs said that it was difficult to find and [keep] employees with the level of skills and foresight that would contribute to the organization 's mission .

The second step is for policymakers to pursue incremental legislative reforms to give agencies additional tools and flexibilities to hire , manage , and retain the human capital they need , particularly in critical occupations .
the second step is for policymakers to pursue incremental legislative reforms to give agencies additional tools and flexibilities to hire , manage , and [keep] the human capital they need , particularly in critical occupations .

Even after we hire good people , we need to take steps to retain them .
even after we hire good people , we need to take steps to [keep] them .

As a part of its human capital planning , management should also consider how best to retain valuable employees , plan for their eventual succession , and ensure continuity of needed skills and abilities .
as a part of its human capital planning , management should also consider how best to [keep] valuable employees , plan for their eventual succession , and ensure continuity of needed skills and abilities .

A fundamental finding of this forum was that owner facilities engineering organizations need to identify and retain core competencies-the essential technical and managerial skills that can not be outsourced without serious risk to an organization 's ability to conceive and acquire necessary facilities .
a fundamental finding of this forum was that owner facilities engineering organizations need to identify and [keep] core competencies-the essential technical and managerial skills that can not be outsourced without serious risk to an organization 's ability to conceive and acquire necessary facilities .

Agencies are well advised to retain such unique specialized skills inhouse as core competencies , with design review a primary inhouse responsibility .
agencies are well advised to [keep] such unique specialized skills inhouse as core competencies , with design review a primary inhouse responsibility .

Such access generally includes the ability to make and retain copies of the evidence .
such access generally includes the ability to make and [keep] copies of the evidence .

Current Federal Frequent Traveler Policy Under current federal laws and regulations , the frequent traveler benefits1 received by a federal employee in conjunction with official travel are generally considered government property , and the employee may not retain the benefits for personal use .
current federal frequent traveler policy under current federal laws and regulations , the frequent traveler benefits1 received by a federal employee in conjunction with official travel are generally considered government property , and the employee may not [keep] the benefits for personal use .

Such legislation would be necessary to repeal the current requirement that such benefits be used only for official travel9 and to affirmatively authorize employees and members to retain for personal use these benefits that are now considered the property of the government .
such legislation would be necessary to repeal the current requirement that such benefits be used only for official travel9 and to affirmatively authorize employees and members to [keep] for personal use these benefits that are now considered the property of the government .

At the same time , if employees were allowed to retain the frequent flyer benefits , they might be willing to use some of their miles for such travel on a voluntary basis .
at the same time , if employees were allowed to [keep] the frequent flyer benefits , they might be willing to use some of their miles for such travel on a voluntary basis .

These difficulties , combined with a departmental emphasis on adopting private-sector practices , have led DOD to prepare draft legislation that would abolish the current restriction and allow military and civilian employees governmentwide to retain for personal use frequent flyer benefits received on official travel .
these difficulties , combined with a departmental emphasis on adopting private-sector practices , have led dod to prepare draft legislation that would abolish the current restriction and allow military and civilian employees governmentwide to [keep] for personal use frequent flyer benefits received on official travel .

The Private Sector 's Practices According to the results of three recent surveys , the private sector commonly allows its employees to retain for personal use frequent flyer miles received on business travel .
the private sector 's practices according to the results of three recent surveys , the private sector commonly allows its employees to [keep] for personal use frequent flyer miles received on business travel .

About two-thirds of the responding companies reported specifically allowing their employees to retain the miles for their personal use , about 20 percent reported having no policy at all , and under 10 percent reported requiring their employees to relinquish mileage received to the company .
about two-thirds of the responding companies reported specifically allowing their employees to [keep] the miles for their personal use , about 20 percent reported having no policy at all , and under 10 percent reported requiring their employees to relinquish mileage received to the company .

If the current policy is changed to allow federal civilian and military employees to retain their official travel miles for personal use , controls over the need for travel and the selection of routes and carriers would have to be effectively implemented .
if the current policy is changed to allow federal civilian and military employees to [keep] their official travel miles for personal use , controls over the need for travel and the selection of routes and carriers would have to be effectively implemented .

By and large , investigators commissioned to carry out the early case study evaluations had been trained in the academic disciplines with the strongest fieldwork traditions , and they had to struggle with the extent to which their research method could be adapted to evaluation , retain its integrity , and yield positive benefits .
by and large , investigators commissioned to carry out the early case study evaluations had been trained in the academic disciplines with the strongest fieldwork traditions , and they had to struggle with the extent to which their research method could be adapted to evaluation , [keep] its integrity , and yield positive benefits .

CIOs retain the support of their business colleagues by following through on commitments to effectively lead business transformation projects , provide needed IT products and services , and train and educate the user community .
cios [keep] the support of their business colleagues by following through on commitments to effectively lead business transformation projects , provide needed it products and services , and train and educate the user community .

This principle discusses the strategies that leading organizations use to assess their skill bases and attract , recruit , and retain IT professionals .
this principle discusses the strategies that leading organizations use to assess their skill bases and attract , recruit , and [keep] it professionals .

Key Characteristics Leading organizations develop human capital strategies to assess their skill bases and recruit and retain staff who can effectively implement technology to meet business needs .
key characteristics leading organizations develop human capital strategies to assess their skill bases and recruit and [keep] staff who can effectively implement technology to meet business needs .

For example , the state university at one of our case study locations had conducted a study revealing continuing gaps in the state « s ability to recruit and retain IT workers vis-à-vis industry .
for example , the state university at one of our case study locations had conducted a study revealing continuing gaps in the state « s ability to recruit and [keep] it workers vis-à-vis industry .

Organizations are finding it difficult to retain staff when their competitors can always offer higher salaries .
organizations are finding it difficult to [keep] staff when their competitors can always offer higher salaries .

Despite having higher technology wages than any other state in the country , the state remains at a disadvantage in competing with industry and must rely on alternative strategies and incentives to attract and retain skilled workers .
despite having higher technology wages than any other state in the country , the state remains at a disadvantage in competing with industry and must rely on alternative strategies and incentives to attract and [keep] skilled workers .

How can programs strengthen their efforts to hire and retain a diverse staff as well as develop diverse leadership ?
how can programs strengthen their efforts to hire and [keep] a diverse staff as well as develop diverse leadership ?

Workers compensation benefits may also be improperly terminated after the worker has left the country , requiring the worker to retain legal assistance to reinstate them .
workers compensation benefits may also be improperly terminated after the worker has left the country , requiring the worker to [keep] legal assistance to reinstate them .

Assuming an H-2A worker wants to retain private counsel , the H-2A worker 's isolation makes it practically impossible to reach private counsel while residing in the U.S. See March Comments at 271 ( comment of Lisa Butler , Florida Rural Legal Services ) ; April Comments at 103 ( comment of Garry G. Geffert , West Virginia Legal Services Plan ) .
assuming an h-2a worker wants to [keep] private counsel , the h-2a worker 's isolation makes it practically impossible to reach private counsel while residing in the u.s. see march comments at 271 ( comment of lisa butler , florida rural legal services ) ; april comments at 103 ( comment of garry g. geffert , west virginia legal services plan ) .

H-2A aliens lack financial resources to retain private counsel .
h-2a aliens lack financial resources to [keep] private counsel .

At this statewide training event , we joined a panel that addressed how legal services programs and equal justice communities can effectively recruit and retain a diverse work force , among other critical diversity activities .
at this statewide training event , we joined a panel that addressed how legal services programs and equal justice communities can effectively recruit and [keep] a diverse work force , among other critical diversity activities .

Using this information , LSC can learn how each applicant proposes to diminish client access barriers including cultural , geographic , and language barriers ; how the applicant will engage clients with access barriers ; the racial , ethnic and gender distribution of the applicant 's staff ; strategies used to recruit , retain , and promote diverse staff ; training events that address diversity ; and how the organization is building leadership that is diverse .
using this information , lsc can learn how each applicant proposes to diminish client access barriers including cultural , geographic , and language barriers ; how the applicant will engage clients with access barriers ; the racial , ethnic and gender distribution of the applicant 's staff ; strategies used to recruit , [keep] , and promote diverse staff ; training events that address diversity ; and how the organization is building leadership that is diverse .

This debt burden , coupled with the famously low salaries in the legal services community , dramatically reduces the ability of our grantees to attract and retain high quality new lawyers .
this debt burden , coupled with the famously low salaries in the legal services community , dramatically reduces the ability of our grantees to attract and [keep] high quality new lawyers .

A Technical Assistance Grant from LSC , matched by a grant from The Florida Bar Foundation , enabled the directors to retain the services of a consultant who has continued to guide the planning process .
a technical assistance grant from lsc , matched by a grant from the florida bar foundation , enabled the directors to [keep] the services of a consultant who has continued to guide the planning process .

Permittees are required to retain records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 CFR 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .
permittees are required to [keep] records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 cfr 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .

Permittees are required to retain records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 CFR 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .
permittees are required to [keep] records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 cfr 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .

Monitoring The Clear Skies Act revises Section 821 ( a ) of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 to retain the existing carbon dioxide monitoring and reporting requirements for units subject to the existing Acid Rain Program .
monitoring the clear skies act revises section 821 ( a ) of the clean air act amendments of 1990 to [keep] the existing carbon dioxide monitoring and reporting requirements for units subject to the existing acid rain program .

Permittees are required to retain records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 CFR 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .
permittees are required to [keep] records pertaining to permit applications and compliance for a minimum of 3 years [ 40 cfr 122.41 ( j ) ( 2 ) ] .

When the requirements are met the fabrication has the potential to employ and retain a skilled work force as well as opportunity to save time and reduce field labor requirements .
when the requirements are met the fabrication has the potential to employ and [keep] a skilled work force as well as opportunity to save time and reduce field labor requirements .

This means there would be no separate in-county rates , no separate rates for classroom material , no separate rates for nonprofit organizations ( which exist both in Periodicals and in Standard A ) , no separate rates for Library mail,11 and no separate rates for Science-of- 10 Other advantages the Postal Service could retain relate to such things as the payment of taxes , the need for a return on investment , the right of eminent domain , and immunity from parking tickets .
this means there would be no separate in-county rates , no separate rates for classroom material , no separate rates for nonprofit organizations ( which exist both in periodicals and in standard a ) , no separate rates for library mail,11 and no separate rates for science-of- 10 other advantages the postal service could [keep] relate to such things as the payment of taxes , the need for a return on investment , the right of eminent domain , and immunity from parking tickets .

In a competitive environment , the Postal Service could easily retain universal service , but perhaps not a universal service standard.30 Delivery less than six days per week would certainly be preferable to abandoning delivery altogether .
in a competitive environment , the postal service could easily [keep] universal service , but perhaps not a universal service standard.30 delivery less than six days per week would certainly be preferable to abandoning delivery altogether .

The Department of Homeland Security 's Directorate for Information Analysis and Infrastructure Protection should retain its core duties , but the NCTC should have the ultimate responsibility for producing net assessments that utilize Homeland Security 's analysis of domestic vulnerabilities and integrate all-source analysis of foreign intelligence about the terrorist enemy .
the department of homeland security 's directorate for information analysis and infrastructure protection should [keep] its core duties , but the nctc should have the ultimate responsibility for producing net assessments that utilize homeland security 's analysis of domestic vulnerabilities and integrate all-source analysis of foreign intelligence about the terrorist enemy .

In 1993 , Congress passed legislation allowing State to retain visa-processing fees for border security ; those fees were then used by the department to fully automate the terrorist watchlist .
in 1993 , congress passed legislation allowing state to [keep] visa-processing fees for border security ; those fees were then used by the department to fully automate the terrorist watchlist .

The National Intelligence Director would retain the present DCI 's role as the principal intelligence adviser to the president .
the national intelligence director would [keep] the present dci 's role as the principal intelligence adviser to the president .

The CIA should retain responsibility for the direction and execution of clandestine and covert operations , as assigned by the relevant national intelligence center and authorized by the National Intelligence Director and the president .
the cia should [keep] responsibility for the direction and execution of clandestine and covert operations , as assigned by the relevant national intelligence center and authorized by the national intelligence director and the president .

She decided also that Clarke should retain the title of national counterterrorism coordinator , although he would no longer be a de facto member of the Principals Committee on his issues .
she decided also that clarke should [keep] the title of national counterterrorism coordinator , although he would no longer be a de facto member of the principals committee on his issues .

He preferred to remain independent and retain the option of working with other mujahideen groups still operating in Afghanistan , including the group led by his old mentor , Sayyaf .
he preferred to remain independent and [keep] the option of working with other mujahideen groups still operating in afghanistan , including the group led by his old mentor , sayyaf .

NORAD itself was barely able to retain any alert bases .
norad itself was barely able to [keep] any alert bases .

DNA is fact. ” Nonetheless , Kalima naively attempts to find a way to retain these opposing epistemologies .
dna is fact. ” nonetheless , kalima naively attempts to find a way to [keep] these opposing epistemologies .

However , some persistently agricultural economies with large populations ( such as Nigeria and Indonesia ) tend to retain the inequities that influence diets , leading to protein-calorie deficiencies among those with lower income and increased BMI among those with higher income .
however , some persistently agricultural economies with large populations ( such as nigeria and indonesia ) tend to [keep] the inequities that influence diets , leading to protein-calorie deficiencies among those with lower income and increased bmi among those with higher income .

What ecologists hope to retain is biodiversity in the midst of changes that ca n't be stopped , and their methods are producing major repercussions throughout government .
what ecologists hope to [keep] is biodiversity in the midst of changes that ca n't be stopped , and their methods are producing major repercussions throughout government .

In starting afresh , what should a new medical journal retain , and what should it ditch ?
in starting afresh , what should a new medical journal [keep] , and what should it ditch ?

Authors ' Protections Authors retain the copyright to all articles in PLoS Biology and license their works under nonexclusive terms that reserve only some—rather than all—rights .
authors ' protections authors [keep] the copyright to all articles in plos biology and license their works under nonexclusive terms that reserve only some—rather than all—rights .

However , other researchers reported in August 2003 that T1R3 knockouts retain some preference for MSG .
however , other researchers reported in august 2003 that t1r3 knockouts [keep] some preference for msg .

An interesting question , as yet unanswered , is how long organic material frozen into the surface ice of Europa would retain a biological signature in the strong radiation environment .
an interesting question , as yet unanswered , is how long organic material frozen into the surface ice of europa would [keep] a biological signature in the strong radiation environment .

Using this insight , new small-molecule inhibitors have been identified that retain activity against the majority of imatinib-resistant BCR-ABL mutants [ 12,13 ] .
using this insight , new small-molecule inhibitors have been identified that [keep] activity against the majority of imatinib-resistant bcr-abl mutants [ 12,13 ] .

Recently , new small-molecule inhibitors have been identified that retain activity against the majority of imatinib-resistant BCR-ABL mutants .
recently , new small-molecule inhibitors have been identified that [keep] activity against the majority of imatinib-resistant bcr-abl mutants .

Fortunately , most patients with primary disease recover spontaneously and retain lifelong immunity to exogenous reinfection .
fortunately , most patients with primary disease recover spontaneously and [keep] lifelong immunity to exogenous reinfection .

Faculty Recruitment and Development Discretionary funds are especially needed to attract and retain faculty members .
faculty recruitment and development discretionary funds are especially needed to attract and [keep] faculty members .

Your contribution will be used to recruit and retain quality volunteers .
your contribution will be used to recruit and [keep] quality volunteers .

Income from the endowment will enable IUSD to attract and retain an eminently qualified faculty member for the school .
income from the endowment will enable iusd to attract and [keep] an eminently qualified faculty member for the school .

Everything he touches turns into diamonds ; he gets to steal his best friend 's girlfriend but retain the moral upper hand ; everyone , even strangers , watches out for his happiness .
everything he touches turns into diamonds ; he gets to steal his best friend 's girlfriend but [keep] the moral upper hand ; everyone , even strangers , watches out for his happiness .

Fourteen seems to be the age of prime vulnerability for these things -- a time of life when the clay is soft enough to take an impression and firm enough to retain it .
fourteen seems to be the age of prime vulnerability for these things -- a time of life when the clay is soft enough to take an impression and firm enough to [keep] it .

Taken together the two Times summarize the to-the-moment budget state of play : IN : the $ 1.1 billion education initiative , originally proposed by President Clinton as exclusively for hiring new teachers , but as per GOP desires , local school districts will now retain the flexibility to use the new money not just for hiring , but also for recruitment , testing , and training of teachers ; a $ 6 billion disaster assistance measure for farmers ; grants to help the needy pay heating bills ; $ 950 million towards a national anti-missile defense system ; and $ 18 billion for the IMF .
taken together the two times summarize the to-the-moment budget state of play : in : the $ 1.1 billion education initiative , originally proposed by president clinton as exclusively for hiring new teachers , but as per gop desires , local school districts will now [keep] the flexibility to use the new money not just for hiring , but also for recruitment , testing , and training of teachers ; a $ 6 billion disaster assistance measure for farmers ; grants to help the needy pay heating bills ; $ 950 million towards a national anti-missile defense system ; and $ 18 billion for the imf .

Although , as everybody notes , the Republicans do retain control of both the House and the Senate .
although , as everybody notes , the republicans do [keep] control of both the house and the senate .

VandeHei is probably right to think the Republicans are in deep , deep trouble in their fight to retain control of the House .
vandehei is probably right to think the republicans are in deep , deep trouble in their fight to [keep] control of the house .

Amnesty International lists 99 nations that have abolished the death penalty either in law or practice , and 94 that retain it , among them Afghanistan , China , Guatemala , Indonesia , both Koreas , Indonesia , Nigeria , Saudi Arabia , and of course the United States .
amnesty international lists 99 nations that have abolished the death penalty either in law or practice , and 94 that [keep] it , among them afghanistan , china , guatemala , indonesia , both koreas , indonesia , nigeria , saudi arabia , and of course the united states .

Meanwhile , DeLay will retain the only true power base in the House Republican Caucus : a 60-odd member whip organization , the best access to corporate campaign contributions , and a fearsome personality .
meanwhile , delay will [keep] the only true power base in the house republican caucus : a 60-odd member whip organization , the best access to corporate campaign contributions , and a fearsome personality .

Aronne notes that because the vegetables in microwave dinners are frozen , they may retain more nutrients than those you 'd buy fresh .
aronne notes that because the vegetables in microwave dinners are frozen , they may [keep] more nutrients than those you 'd buy fresh .

Speculation turned to whether his son Abdullah , the new king , can shore up Jordan 's ailing economy , retain the allegiance of its Palestinian majority , and advance the Middle East peace process .
speculation turned to whether his son abdullah , the new king , can shore up jordan 's ailing economy , [keep] the allegiance of its palestinian majority , and advance the middle east peace process .

Remaining an enigma lets her retain the benefit of the doubt .
remaining an enigma lets her [keep] the benefit of the doubt .

In fact , such a bargain might be deemed much more ruthless in the Clintons ' case , as the wife 's reason for tolerating her husband 's misbehavior would probably be less a desire to keep up decent appearances than a desire to gain and retain power herself .
in fact , such a bargain might be deemed much more ruthless in the clintons ' case , as the wife 's reason for tolerating her husband 's misbehavior would probably be less a desire to keep up decent appearances than a desire to gain and [keep] power herself .

It can fix its exchange rate without emasculating its central bank , but only by maintaining controls on capital flows ( like China today ) ; it can leave capital movement free but retain monetary autonomy , but only by letting the exchange rate fluctuate ( like Britain -- or Canada ) ; or it can choose to leave capital free and stabilize the currency , but only by abandoning any ability to adjust interest rates to fight inflation or recession ( like Argentina today , or for that matter most of Europe ) .
it can fix its exchange rate without emasculating its central bank , but only by maintaining controls on capital flows ( like china today ) ; it can leave capital movement free but [keep] monetary autonomy , but only by letting the exchange rate fluctuate ( like britain -- or canada ) ; or it can choose to leave capital free and stabilize the currency , but only by abandoning any ability to adjust interest rates to fight inflation or recession ( like argentina today , or for that matter most of europe ) .

It would be helpful if you had a religion that you started with and said you wished to retain but , failing that , tell the theologian that you are making a new beginning : that he has your blessings , pardon the expression , to pursue the religion of his choice ... alone .
it would be helpful if you had a religion that you started with and said you wished to [keep] but , failing that , tell the theologian that you are making a new beginning : that he has your blessings , pardon the expression , to pursue the religion of his choice ... alone .

It is , no doubt , irritating to be misquoted , but at least you retain the moral high ground and a sense of yourself as wise and well-spoken , albeit misunderstood .
it is , no doubt , irritating to be misquoted , but at least you [keep] the moral high ground and a sense of yourself as wise and well-spoken , albeit misunderstood .

The Washington Post says that Republicans will encourage unity by allowing Smith to retain his committee chairmanship and caucus membership .
the washington post says that republicans will encourage unity by allowing smith to [keep] his committee chairmanship and caucus membership .

Although he now enjoys `` a formidable amount of individual political authority , '' it is unlikely that he will `` be able to retain such power on a permanent basis , '' the paper said in an editorial .
although he now enjoys `` a formidable amount of individual political authority , '' it is unlikely that he will `` be able to [keep] such power on a permanent basis , '' the paper said in an editorial .

Her magazines and TV shows retain just enough nonsense to make them irksome ( `` sew your own pashmina from home-raised llamas , '' and the like ) , but she supplies valuable instruction about the mundane tasks of life .
her magazines and tv shows [keep] just enough nonsense to make them irksome ( `` sew your own pashmina from home-raised llamas , '' and the like ) , but she supplies valuable instruction about the mundane tasks of life .

When Tripp testified before Congress about Travelgate and Foster 's death , the White House helped her retain Behre .
when tripp testified before congress about travelgate and foster 's death , the white house helped her [keep] behre .

When Tripp testified before Congress about Travelgate and Vince Foster 's death , the White House helped her retain lawyer Kirby Behre .
when tripp testified before congress about travelgate and vince foster 's death , the white house helped her [keep] lawyer kirby behre .

Restaurant owners who had opposed the ban agreed to support it and to accept random enforcement inspections in exchange for the right to retain the phrase `` peanut sauce '' in carryout menus .
restaurant owners who had opposed the ban agreed to support it and to accept random enforcement inspections in exchange for the right to [keep] the phrase `` peanut sauce '' in carryout menus .

Ultimately , I suspect the company will need to be broken up ( much as AT & T was ) , with the OS division allowed to retain its natural monopoly but the other divisions forced to face the same competitive pressures that Netscape and other entrants face .
ultimately , i suspect the company will need to be broken up ( much as at & t was ) , with the os division allowed to [keep] its natural monopoly but the other divisions forced to face the same competitive pressures that netscape and other entrants face .

At the same time that he admits this is unfair , he proposes that we retain it .
at the same time that he admits this is unfair , he proposes that we [keep] it .

CoolMax and Powerdry fared equally well in battling the sweat I worked up running laps around Slate 's offices , but CoolMax gets the nod because not only does it not retain odor , even when worn for two days and nights without deodorant , but it truly feels like silk .
coolmax and powerdry fared equally well in battling the sweat i worked up running laps around slate 's offices , but coolmax gets the nod because not only does it not [keep] odor , even when worn for two days and nights without deodorant , but it truly feels like silk .

The humiliating visit of the black ships of Commodore Matthew Perry , demanding trade rights and treaty concessions for the United States , was still two decades away , and the Japanese could retain for a little longer the illusion that their two centuries of peace and feudal harmony would last forever .
the humiliating visit of the black ships of commodore matthew perry , demanding trade rights and treaty concessions for the united states , was still two decades away , and the japanese could [keep] for a little longer the illusion that their two centuries of peace and feudal harmony would last forever .

Chatterbox is glad the UAW workers at General Motors ' Saturn plant in Spring Hill , Tennessee voted to retain their innovative labor contract , with its stress on teamwork over bureaucratic work rules .
chatterbox is glad the uaw workers at general motors ' saturn plant in spring hill , tennessee voted to [keep] their innovative labor contract , with its stress on teamwork over bureaucratic work rules .

Thomas concludes that Sacks succeeds for all the familiar Sacks reasons : Because he shows `` how patients who are truly isolated and insulated by a disease can retain their humanity , their dignity . ''
thomas concludes that sacks succeeds for all the familiar sacks reasons : because he shows `` how patients who are truly isolated and insulated by a disease can [keep] their humanity , their dignity . ''

The cover editorial advises Thabo Mbeki , South Africa 's likely next president , to uphold sensible ( i.e. , free market ) economic policies in order to `` retain the confidence of outside investors . ''
the cover editorial advises thabo mbeki , south africa 's likely next president , to uphold sensible ( i.e. , free market ) economic policies in order to `` [keep] the confidence of outside investors . ''

The companion USAT news section cover story reports that 95 percent of respondents to the paper 's poll on the topic say they want a change in the system , and yet a majority of them do not support either the flat tax or the national sales tax -- and want to retain deductions for home mortgage interest and charitable contributions .
the companion usat news section cover story reports that 95 percent of respondents to the paper 's poll on the topic say they want a change in the system , and yet a majority of them do not support either the flat tax or the national sales tax -- and want to [keep] deductions for home mortgage interest and charitable contributions .

In the business and finance news box of the Wall Street Journal , there 's word ( credited to yesterday 's Detroit News ) that in a move to retain white-collar employees , Chrysler is offering 15,000 nonunion salaried workers a grant of $ 4,000 for family-related expenses like elder care and children 's college tuition .
in the business and finance news box of the wall street journal , there 's word ( credited to yesterday 's detroit news ) that in a move to [keep] white-collar employees , chrysler is offering 15,000 nonunion salaried workers a grant of $ 4,000 for family-related expenses like elder care and children 's college tuition .

According to the NYT and LAT , the key legislative adjustment was allowing the president to retain the power to appoint the IRS commissioner .
according to the nyt and lat , the key legislative adjustment was allowing the president to [keep] the power to appoint the irs commissioner .

With NBC 's deal to retain `` ER '' at a cost of $ 13 million an episode getting front-page coverage at the NYT , LAT , and the WSJ , maybe the next big domestic policy issue will be controlling television health care costs .
with nbc 's deal to [keep] `` er '' at a cost of $ 13 million an episode getting front-page coverage at the nyt , lat , and the wsj , maybe the next big domestic policy issue will be controlling television health care costs .

Monica Lewinsky 's decision to retain new legal help is Issue 1 .
monica lewinsky 's decision to [keep] new legal help is issue 1 .

It is all but impossible to retain critical equanimity in the face of such things , especially when we know that what Wilkomirksi/Doesseker tells us , was , in its rougher outlines , true .
it is all but impossible to [keep] critical equanimity in the face of such things , especially when we know that what wilkomirksi/doesseker tells us , was , in its rougher outlines , true .

He said Australia would suffer a `` loss of self-respect '' if it decided to retain the monarchy in Saturday 's referendum .
he said australia would suffer a `` loss of self-respect '' if it decided to [keep] the monarchy in saturday 's referendum .

The women surveyed did want to retain some ceremonial space , so there 's a formal front hall and parlor off the double-height foyer in the model house .
the women surveyed did want to [keep] some ceremonial space , so there 's a formal front hall and parlor off the double-height foyer in the model house .

Among modern occupations , only cult leaders and TV weathermen rival the technological visionary 's ability to retain credibility despite all evidence to the contrary .
among modern occupations , only cult leaders and tv weathermen rival the technological visionary 's ability to [keep] credibility despite all evidence to the contrary .

It may also be worth noting that with their red or white uniforms , these servants allowed Soutine to retain his lurid , fleshy palate .
it may also be worth noting that with their red or white uniforms , these servants allowed soutine to [keep] his lurid , fleshy palate .

Later , Léger would claim he freed himself from Cézanne by means of abstraction ; the path-breaking paintings he called `` Contrast of Forms '' ( circa 1913 ) -- fully abstract exercises in funnels , cylinders , and arcs -- retain all their vigorous charm .
later , léger would claim he freed himself from cézanne by means of abstraction ; the path-breaking paintings he called `` contrast of forms '' ( circa 1913 ) -- fully abstract exercises in funnels , cylinders , and arcs -- [keep] all their vigorous charm .

They retain their intellectual aspect , but lose their sensual aspect .
they [keep] their intellectual aspect , but lose their sensual aspect .

The late paintings retain their unsettling power .
the late paintings [keep] their unsettling power .

Both Times point out that Russia 's new acting president , Vladimir Putin , needs Russia to continue to appear successful in the war to retain popular support .
both times point out that russia 's new acting president , vladimir putin , needs russia to continue to appear successful in the war to [keep] popular support .

Presumably because people will really be happier if they retain their traditional `` language , dress , and values . ''
presumably because people will really be happier if they [keep] their traditional `` language , dress , and values . ''

Legislators retain control of the prosecutor 's overall fervor while inducing him to concentrate that fervor where it 's most warranted .
legislators [keep] control of the prosecutor 's overall fervor while inducing him to concentrate that fervor where it 's most warranted .

A major reason the Gore campaign is so garrulous is that they are top-heavy with armchair generals who want to retain their credibility with the press in case the vice-president loses .
a major reason the gore campaign is so garrulous is that they are top-heavy with armchair generals who want to [keep] their credibility with the press in case the vice-president loses .

If the initiatives pass , after all , the states will retain their traditional scratch-off and Powerball lotteries , and their Indian casinos will continue to offer electronic gambling on reservations .
if the initiatives pass , after all , the states will [keep] their traditional scratch-off and powerball lotteries , and their indian casinos will continue to offer electronic gambling on reservations .

Because it is a win-at-all-costs war to restore military prestige , Russian generals have shown utter indifference to civilian casualties and a willingness to lie to retain popular support .
because it is a win-at-all-costs war to restore military prestige , russian generals have shown utter indifference to civilian casualties and a willingness to lie to [keep] popular support .

Communists will retain the largest number of seats in the lower house , but the Kremlin-backed Unity party made large gains .
communists will [keep] the largest number of seats in the lower house , but the kremlin-backed unity party made large gains .

The Communists will probably retain a plurality in the Duma , and `` reformist views may be more strongly represented . ''
the communists will probably [keep] a plurality in the duma , and `` reformist views may be more strongly represented . ''

Not beloved by his people , Milosevic might be hard-pressed to retain power even with the support of his secret police , political cronies , and state-controlled media .
not beloved by his people , milosevic might be hard-pressed to [keep] power even with the support of his secret police , political cronies , and state-controlled media .

When firms retain lots of earnings it gets more complicated , with the growth of earnings increasing as more and more cash is retained in the firm .
when firms [keep] lots of earnings it gets more complicated , with the growth of earnings increasing as more and more cash is retained in the firm .

If Republicans retain a majority , both parties will be denied their grander schemes .
if republicans [keep] a majority , both parties will be denied their grander schemes .

Washington lacks even the few powers that other cities have to help retain a fast-disappearing middle-class population .
washington lacks even the few powers that other cities have to help [keep] a fast-disappearing middle-class population .

Slate , for its part , will retain ( and cherish ! )
slate , for its part , will [keep] ( and cherish ! )

Of course Slate does retain the right to swallow up America Online at some future date .
of course slate does [keep] the right to swallow up america online at some future date .

AutoSummarize reduces the bulk of any piece of prose by up to 90 percent while attempting to retain the original essence .
autosummarize reduces the bulk of any piece of prose by up to 90 percent while attempting to [keep] the original essence .

Other interview shows may retain a smoother veneer of Socratic dialogue , but the emphasis on maintaining a civilized atmosphere actually dulls the intellectual rigor of the discussion .
other interview shows may [keep] a smoother veneer of socratic dialogue , but the emphasis on maintaining a civilized atmosphere actually dulls the intellectual rigor of the discussion .

The one place where adopted names retain an organic vitality is in occupations where professionals can still claim some prestige based on a perception of personal exploits or exotic capabilities , such as organized crime ( Gregory `` The Grim Reaper '' Scarpa , Anthony `` Gas Pipe '' Casso ) and pornographic entertainment ( Lisa Lipps , Sandra Scream -- to name two of the more serene ) .
the one place where adopted names [keep] an organic vitality is in occupations where professionals can still claim some prestige based on a perception of personal exploits or exotic capabilities , such as organized crime ( gregory `` the grim reaper '' scarpa , anthony `` gas pipe '' casso ) and pornographic entertainment ( lisa lipps , sandra scream -- to name two of the more serene ) .

In 1989 , the Piscataway , New Jersey school board , faced with having to lay off one of them , chose to retain the black because she was the only black faculty member in her department .
in 1989 , the piscataway , new jersey school board , faced with having to lay off one of them , chose to [keep] the black because she was the only black faculty member in her department .

Great in theory , says the Journal , but in practice , it 's very hard for a business to scare up meaningful numbers of eligible employees and even harder to retain them for the 400 hours the law requires for the awarding of the credit .
great in theory , says the journal , but in practice , it 's very hard for a business to scare up meaningful numbers of eligible employees and even harder to [keep] them for the 400 hours the law requires for the awarding of the credit .

The paper makes a good distinction between rendering military pay strictly comparable to civilian pay and making military pay high enough to attract and retain sufficiently qualified troops in the various specialties the services require for true readiness .
the paper makes a good distinction between rendering military pay strictly comparable to civilian pay and making military pay high enough to attract and [keep] sufficiently qualified troops in the various specialties the services require for true readiness .

Morris dismisses Culturebox 's doubts , saying his book will retain the breadth and depth of a biography : `` It 's just simply the fact that I spent a lot of time with him in the White House and had the chance to talk with him a lot .
morris dismisses culturebox 's doubts , saying his book will [keep] the breadth and depth of a biography : `` it 's just simply the fact that i spent a lot of time with him in the white house and had the chance to talk with him a lot .

From man-in-the-street investors -- the LAT has a guy saying that `` certain stocks will retain their value .
from man-in-the-street investors -- the lat has a guy saying that `` certain stocks will [keep] their value .

In America we retain the notion more colorfully when we say someone is riding shotgun on a project , acting as a troubleshooter .
in america we [keep] the notion more colorfully when we say someone is riding shotgun on a project , acting as a troubleshooter .

The latter is not readily analyzable by normal parsing , for if we are drawn to retain the adjectival nature of stiff ( instead of conceding that it might be used as an adverb ) , we are obliged to characterize worried as having taken on the guise of a copula .
the latter is not readily analyzable by normal parsing , for if we are drawn to [keep] the adjectival nature of stiff ( instead of conceding that it might be used as an adverb ) , we are obliged to characterize worried as having taken on the guise of a copula .

You may be able to withhold the product from the market while you experiment with ways to improve it , and you can change the product significantly and still retain possession of its name , as the makers of Tabasco did when they altered the formula of their hot sauce but successfully defended their right to exclusive use of the trademark .
you may be able to withhold the product from the market while you experiment with ways to improve it , and you can change the product significantly and still [keep] possession of its name , as the makers of tabasco did when they altered the formula of their hot sauce but successfully defended their right to exclusive use of the trademark .

Similarly , Duncan was unable to retain exclusive rights to the name yo-yo because the toy is called that in the Philippines , where it originated , and because it has no synonyms .
similarly , duncan was unable to [keep] exclusive rights to the name yo-yo because the toy is called that in the philippines , where it originated , and because it has no synonyms .

That forms like sale-athon retain the a even after the base element 's e demonstrates that the -athon of marathon , rather than the -ethon of telethon , is perceived as the primary form of the suffix , but the matter has not been completely settled : consider alcothon ( which I hope was a test of abstinence rather than indulgence ) .
that forms like sale-athon [keep] the a even after the base element 's e demonstrates that the -athon of marathon , rather than the -ethon of telethon , is perceived as the primary form of the suffix , but the matter has not been completely settled : consider alcothon ( which i hope was a test of abstinence rather than indulgence ) .

Readers outside North America may not be aware that American telephone dials ( now pads ) still retain alphabetical sequences from the days when local telephone numbers contained names , like PEnnsylvania Six , Five Thousand and BUtterfield 8 ( usually so written ) : everyone knew that the first two letters of the name were to be dialed -- PE 6-5000 , BU 8- .
readers outside north america may not be aware that american telephone dials ( now pads ) still [keep] alphabetical sequences from the days when local telephone numbers contained names , like pennsylvania six , five thousand and butterfield 8 ( usually so written ) : everyone knew that the first two letters of the name were to be dialed -- pe 6-5000 , bu 8- .

Compilers of our dictionaries should stop capitalizing the words for the four Hindu castes and retain the custom only for Brahma or Brahman when it implies the Absolute .
compilers of our dictionaries should stop capitalizing the words for the four hindu castes and [keep] the custom only for brahma or brahman when it implies the absolute .

These active languages tend to be those spoken in the north and the west of Australia , in those parts of the country where the Aborigines have been most able to retain their traditional way of life .
these active languages tend to be those spoken in the north and the west of australia , in those parts of the country where the aborigines have been most able to [keep] their traditional way of life .

Rhotic accents retain the /r/ .
rhotic accents [keep] the /r/ .

The Law impressed a special meaning on many Anglo-Saxon words -- manslaughter , sheriff , theft , hearsay , bench ( judge 's ) , strike ( motion to ) , landlord , freehold ( in land ) , and herein -- which they retain to this day .
the law impressed a special meaning on many anglo-saxon words -- manslaughter , sheriff , theft , hearsay , bench ( judge 's ) , strike ( motion to ) , landlord , freehold ( in land ) , and herein -- which they [keep] to this day .

A possibly apocryphal story from Herman Oliver 's Gold and Cattle Country concerns a local prominence once called Squaw Tit ( not all of the pioneers being missionaries ) ; the Geographic Board decided the name was too earthy and , wishing to retain a semblance of the original appellation changed the name to Squaw Butte ; when the map came out with the new name , the final e was unfortunately omitted .
a possibly apocryphal story from herman oliver 's gold and cattle country concerns a local prominence once called squaw tit ( not all of the pioneers being missionaries ) ; the geographic board decided the name was too earthy and , wishing to [keep] a semblance of the original appellation changed the name to squaw butte ; when the map came out with the new name , the final e was unfortunately omitted .

These -- apart ( in Britain ) from the more infantile words such as dick and prick -- retain the greatest power to offend and are the least used .
these -- apart ( in britain ) from the more infantile words such as dick and prick -- [keep] the greatest power to offend and are the least used .

I wrote , as I always do , “ a historical , ” which I consider to be better modern English , though many scholars prefer to retain the archaic “ an historical , ” just as some preachers retain the obsolete “ an holy ” and “ an house , ” which they find in the Bible of 1611 .
i wrote , as i always do , “ a historical , ” which i consider to be better modern english , though many scholars prefer to [keep] the archaic “ an historical , ” just as some preachers [keep] the obsolete “ an holy ” and “ an house , ” which they find in the bible of 1611 .

Another inference might be that the same tolerance displayed by Greeks in their dealings with resident foreigners—at any rate , American and European ones—has been extended to English words which are , as noted , largely exempted from the strictures of Greek grammar and allowed to retain their alien habit .
another inference might be that the same tolerance displayed by greeks in their dealings with resident foreigners—at any rate , american and european ones—has been extended to english words which are , as noted , largely exempted from the strictures of greek grammar and allowed to [keep] their alien habit .

Since the translator may not “ substitute his own modern images for the old ones ” how can the shepherd metaphor retain its old-fashioned pastoral simplicity when its sense and the reader 's senses are jarred out of the authentic Bible-time setting and are forced into a frame of the “ language we use today ” ?
since the translator may not “ substitute his own modern images for the old ones ” how can the shepherd metaphor [keep] its old-fashioned pastoral simplicity when its sense and the reader 's senses are jarred out of the authentic bible-time setting and are forced into a frame of the “ language we use today ” ?

Just compare heart , beard and heard , Dies and diet , lord and word , Sword and sward , retain and Britain .
just compare heart , beard and heard , dies and diet , lord and word , sword and sward , [keep] and britain .

It is a puzzle why certain objects acquire backwords while others retain their names and it is the newcomers that are given qualifying labels .
it is a puzzle why certain objects acquire backwords while others [keep] their names and it is the newcomers that are given qualifying labels .

The recent change in Miami by which Spanish is allowed alongside English as an official language is seen by some as a Balkanization of the cherished “ melting pot ” ; but those holding that view who support it with the claim that the 20th-century immigrants have assimilated culturally and speak English are wrong : many speak little or no English , and most make every effort they can to retain the cultures of their respective native lands , including religious observances .
the recent change in miami by which spanish is allowed alongside english as an official language is seen by some as a balkanization of the cherished “ melting pot ” ; but those holding that view who support it with the claim that the 20th-century immigrants have assimilated culturally and speak english are wrong : many speak little or no english , and most make every effort they can to [keep] the cultures of their respective native lands , including religious observances .

Literati and intelligentsia retain their snooty classical endings because it looks good on them and other pseudo- cognoscente .
literati and intelligentsia [keep] their snooty classical endings because it looks good on them and other pseudo- cognoscente .

Maybe it would bring a smile to Casanova 's lips to know that even now , although the world and the relative importance of the English language have changed so much , those of his countrymen who style themselves as his heirs retain his enthusiastic disregard for English spelling .
maybe it would bring a smile to casanova 's lips to know that even now , although the world and the relative importance of the english language have changed so much , those of his countrymen who style themselves as his heirs [keep] his enthusiastic disregard for english spelling .

Let us try to retain up to ... , using it whenever it may be appropriate ; then down to ... may once again be confined to its proper contexts .
let us try to [keep] up to ... , using it whenever it may be appropriate ; then down to ... may once again be confined to its proper contexts .

