Spot retains the same decor although crystal chandeliers have been installed above the terrace dining area , and the kitchen has undergone a remodeling job .
spot [keeps] the same decor although crystal chandeliers have been installed above the terrace dining area , and the kitchen has undergone a remodeling job .

The board is diminished in both respects , while it retains control over zoning , franchises , pier leases , sale , leasing and assignment of property , and other trusteeship functions .
the board is diminished in both respects , while it [keeps] control over zoning , franchises , pier leases , sale , leasing and assignment of property , and other trusteeship functions .

The Controller retains his essential `` fiscal watchdog '' functions ; ;
the controller [keeps] his essential `` fiscal watchdog '' functions ; ;

In the second and third chapters of Revelation the new version retains , however , the old phrase `` angel of the church '' which Biblical scholars have previously interpreted as meaning bishop .
in the second and third chapters of revelation the new version [keeps] , however , the old phrase `` angel of the church '' which biblical scholars have previously interpreted as meaning bishop .

In covert socialism -- toward which America is moving -- private enterprise retains the ownership title to industries but government thru direct intervention and excessive regulations actually controls them .
in covert socialism -- toward which america is moving -- private enterprise [keeps] the ownership title to industries but government thru direct intervention and excessive regulations actually controls them .

Although the wood has been changed to coal , much of it still retains its original cell structure .
although the wood has been changed to coal , much of it still [keeps] its original cell structure .

That keeps in the cold , retains moisture and prevents the heaving of alternate freezing and thawing .
that keeps in the cold , [keeps] moisture and prevents the heaving of alternate freezing and thawing .

Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients , the food does taste good .
because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that [keeps] the most nutrients , the food does taste good .

So it was that when Mr. Brown and Mr. Sharpe first saw the French tool on exhibition in Paris in 1868 , they brought a sample with them to the United States and started Brown & Sharpe in yet another field where it retains its leadership to this day .
so it was that when mr. brown and mr. sharpe first saw the french tool on exhibition in paris in 1868 , they brought a sample with them to the united states and started brown & sharpe in yet another field where it [keeps] its leadership to this day .

Today though , long retired Syd still retains the trappings of his trade .
today though , long retired syd still [keeps] the trappings of his trade .

Today though , long retired Syd still retains the trappings of his trade .
today though , long retired syd still [keeps] the trappings of his trade .

So Foyle retains the number four shirt for next week ?
so foyle [keeps] the number four shirt for next week ?

it 's amazing how much heating it retains
it 's amazing how much heating it [keeps]

The government retains control of television and radio .
the government [keeps] control of television and radio .

It is often said of the Prime Minister that he retains all the instincts and skills which were politically honed during his time in the Whips ' Office .
it is often said of the prime minister that he [keeps] all the instincts and skills which were politically honed during his time in the whips ' office .

Even taking a harder line with the generators is fraught with difficulty while the Government retains a 40 per cent stake in both National Power and PowerGen .
even taking a harder line with the generators is fraught with difficulty while the government [keeps] a 40 per cent stake in both national power and powergen .

Briefly in Oxford Labour party ( ‘ awful people ’ ) he 's now a life member in Bishop Auckland and retains his membership of a bevy of South Durham workmen 's clubs .
briefly in oxford labour party ( ‘ awful people ’ ) he 's now a life member in bishop auckland and [keeps] his membership of a bevy of south durham workmen 's clubs .

The permanent vacancies have never been advertised and then the jobs ‘ get lost in the system ’ , and the jobholder retains the post permanently .
the permanent vacancies have never been advertised and then the jobs ‘ get lost in the system ’ , and the jobholder [keeps] the post permanently .

Airtours still retains its 8.2 per cent stake in Owners , and Mr Crossland said he would be watching events at the company closely .
airtours still [keeps] its 8.2 per cent stake in owners , and mr crossland said he would be watching events at the company closely .

It is the fervent hope of most Celtic supporters that Rangers are eliminated from Europe , of course , so that their team retains the distinction of being the only one from Scotland ever to have won that trophy , albeit 26 years ago .
it is the fervent hope of most celtic supporters that rangers are eliminated from europe , of course , so that their team [keeps] the distinction of being the only one from scotland ever to have won that trophy , albeit 26 years ago .

Langmuir retains slalom title
langmuir [keeps] slalom title

It grows , matures and retains a capacity to surprise and enrich .
it grows , matures and [keeps] a capacity to surprise and enrich .

But whether he retains his title may be doubtful .
but whether he [keeps] his title may be doubtful .

Mrs Pearman , who was twice married but has no children , still retains most of her faculties and is an avid reader , particularly of Mills and Boon novels .
mrs pearman , who was twice married but has no children , still [keeps] most of her faculties and is an avid reader , particularly of mills and boon novels .

But Stockton retains pride of place as the company 's headquarters , employing 130 staff .
but stockton [keeps] pride of place as the company 's headquarters , employing 130 staff .

‘ Pickerings supplies innovative products , often they are too good for the rather mediocre schemes its lifts are installed in , ’ says one prominent regional architect with experience of the company and arch rival Otis , although a bigger concern , retains a deferential view of the Stockton business .
‘ pickerings supplies innovative products , often they are too good for the rather mediocre schemes its lifts are installed in , ’ says one prominent regional architect with experience of the company and arch rival otis , although a bigger concern , [keeps] a deferential view of the stockton business .

Martin Saunders retains the full back position for the hastily arranged game at Middlesbrough , which kicks off at noon .
martin saunders [keeps] the full back position for the hastily arranged game at middlesbrough , which kicks off at noon .

And he retains the sense of wry humour which he reckons every newspaperman needs , if only to keep him sane .
and he [keeps] the sense of wry humour which he reckons every newspaperman needs , if only to keep him sane .

The new design retains the predominantly green colour of the original uniform and adds cheerful orange trim and piping to collars and cuffs .
the new design [keeps] the predominantly green colour of the original uniform and adds cheerful orange trim and piping to collars and cuffs .

Although the World Cup retains a splendid stature in the game , it is threatened , as other events , by two problems .
although the world cup [keeps] a splendid stature in the game , it is threatened , as other events , by two problems .

Using a fork , mash the flesh in a bowl , so that it retains a slightly rough texture .
using a fork , mash the flesh in a bowl , so that it [keeps] a slightly rough texture .

Skerne is now expanding with new houses , as are a lot of rural communities , but it still retains the farming background with familiar names still resident , Dixon and Bean to name but two .
skerne is now expanding with new houses , as are a lot of rural communities , but it still [keeps] the farming background with familiar names still resident , dixon and bean to name but two .

All Saints ' church is a 12th century building which retains several features of the original Norman construction , notably the fine chancel arch and the south doorway with its carved tympanum of the Paschal Lamb .
all saints ' church is a 12th century building which [keeps] several features of the original norman construction , notably the fine chancel arch and the south doorway with its carved tympanum of the paschal lamb .

Vacuum packed in simple plastic bags and sent out in plain cardboard boxes this German-manufactured salt is phosphate and nitrate free , mixes easily , and retains its powderiness in storage .
vacuum packed in simple plastic bags and sent out in plain cardboard boxes this german-manufactured salt is phosphate and nitrate free , mixes easily , and [keeps] its powderiness in storage .

Notwithstanding the merit and extent of his achievements , Gavin Hastings still retains the desire to reach out for the best of which he is capable with as yet undiminished zest : ‘ Unless you set yourself tasks and ambitions , unless you have new targets , there is n't much point in playing .
notwithstanding the merit and extent of his achievements , gavin hastings still [keeps] the desire to reach out for the best of which he is capable with as yet undiminished zest : ‘ unless you set yourself tasks and ambitions , unless you have new targets , there is n't much point in playing .

It retains the genre 's limitations — cramped televisual style , stiff dialogue and generic plotting which sacrifices all complexity or realism to simplistic human interest — without its grandiose sweep or compelling soap trimmings .
it [keeps] the genre 's limitations — cramped televisual style , stiff dialogue and generic plotting which sacrifices all complexity or realism to simplistic human interest — without its grandiose sweep or compelling soap trimmings .

From a hard and virtually tasteless youth , the fruit of a Chardonnay Champagne develops a zippy , zingy , almost citrusy tang of concentration , yet retains the delicacy and finesse for which the highest quality blancs de blancs are renowned .
from a hard and virtually tasteless youth , the fruit of a chardonnay champagne develops a zippy , zingy , almost citrusy tang of concentration , yet [keeps] the delicacy and finesse for which the highest quality blancs de blancs are renowned .

Thus long-established residents could be priced out of their neighbourhood by richer in-migrants attracted by the environmental and aesthetic improvements to an area which still retains the benefit of close proximity to workplaces in the city centre .
thus long-established residents could be priced out of their neighbourhood by richer in-migrants attracted by the environmental and aesthetic improvements to an area which still [keeps] the benefit of close proximity to workplaces in the city centre .

Inspired by Hood 's unrivalled experience of shorthanded multihull sailing , this fully-battened sail retains a better shape over a wider wind range than conventional mainsail .
inspired by hood 's unrivalled experience of shorthanded multihull sailing , this fully-battened sail [keeps] a better shape over a wider wind range than conventional mainsail .

Specifically built for two handed cruising , this 43 still retains a powerful turn of speed when passage making .
specifically built for two handed cruising , this 43 still [keeps] a powerful turn of speed when passage making .

This whisper-quiet Duromatic effortlessly retains nutrients , flavours , colours and aromas — and in so doing , also dramatically cuts the cooking time .
this whisper-quiet duromatic effortlessly [keeps] nutrients , flavours , colours and aromas — and in so doing , also dramatically cuts the cooking time .

Wordsworth took the materialist philosophy of Locke and Hartley which had sufficed the eighteenth century , and changed round the terms , writing in positive instead of negative signs Instead of a dead universe described in terms of machines from which the Creator had departed , he proposed a living universe called ‘ Nature ’ described in terms of growth and organic life , which was being continuously created by a God who was inextricably involved in all its parts Whereas in Locke the mind at birth was ‘ a white paper ’ , with no innate ideas , in Wordsworth the mind retains in early childhood some consciousness of a pre-existent state ; in Locke the mind passively receives impressions from the senses , but in but in Wordsworth the mind actively perceives and a creative power within the mind organizes the multitude of chaotic sense impressions into a partial picture of the world . But it is necessary for the individual mind to cooperate with the external Mind in Nature ; the two minds are related and together they create the world — in Tintern Abbey the beholder loves
wordsworth took the materialist philosophy of locke and hartley which had sufficed the eighteenth century , and changed round the terms , writing in positive instead of negative signs instead of a dead universe described in terms of machines from which the creator had departed , he proposed a living universe called ‘ nature ’ described in terms of growth and organic life , which was being continuously created by a god who was inextricably involved in all its parts whereas in locke the mind at birth was ‘ a white paper ’ , with no innate ideas , in wordsworth the mind [keeps] in early childhood some consciousness of a pre-existent state ; in locke the mind passively receives impressions from the senses , but in but in wordsworth the mind actively perceives and a creative power within the mind organizes the multitude of chaotic sense impressions into a partial picture of the world . but it is necessary for the individual mind to cooperate with the external mind in nature ; the two minds are related and together they create the world — in tintern abbey the beholder loves

If a wound is occluded in a way that retains a moist environment between the wound and the dressing the process of healing is faster and effective .
if a wound is occluded in a way that [keeps] a moist environment between the wound and the dressing the process of healing is faster and effective .

The scientists would tell them it actually lasted for three milli-seconds , but the human retina retains such a flash for some seconds afterwards .
the scientists would tell them it actually lasted for three milli-seconds , but the human retina [keeps] such a flash for some seconds afterwards .

There is a sixteenth-century town hall which has been modernized but still retains its charm .
there is a sixteenth-century town hall which has been modernized but still [keeps] its charm .

Cohn is , of course , an emigré in Manhattan , and still retains the outsider 's ability to perceive his new-found-land as a wholly exotic terrain .
cohn is , of course , an emigré in manhattan , and still [keeps] the outsider 's ability to perceive his new-found-land as a wholly exotic terrain .

Pass the straps between the forefinger and the thumb , then by closing the hand , the loop is gripped firm , and one retains full sensitivity as though the line were to be connected directly to the arm .
pass the straps between the forefinger and the thumb , then by closing the hand , the loop is gripped firm , and one [keeps] full sensitivity as though the line were to be connected directly to the arm .

And all its former elegance retains .
and all its former elegance [keeps] .

Between the feet are the remains of a green parrot — whether immolated or not at the death of his mistress is uncertain — but it still retains its plumage ; it is a far less repulsive-looking object than the larger bi-ped .
between the feet are the remains of a green parrot — whether immolated or not at the death of his mistress is uncertain — but it still [keeps] its plumage ; it is a far less repulsive-looking object than the larger bi-ped .

Greenall Whitley and Boddingtons ) , but it nevertheless retains a market niche as a regional brewery specializing in distinctive , good quality beers .
greenall whitley and boddingtons ) , but it nevertheless [keeps] a market niche as a regional brewery specializing in distinctive , good quality beers .

Comtek ‘ 92 can , it seems , still justifiably be billed as Russia 's main trade event : this year the show attracted over 70 hard currency-paying exhibitors , most of which were Western companies ; that so many companies are willing to pay $350 per square metre is testimony to the fact that the Russian market retains the interest of a significant portion of Western companies ; show organiser Crocus International says it invited 200,000 ‘ specialists ’ to the show , but in reality , Comtek has become a popular event in all senses of the word with most companies using the show as an opportunity for general exposure to the Russian market rather than as a means of generating many hard sales leads .
comtek ‘ 92 can , it seems , still justifiably be billed as russia 's main trade event : this year the show attracted over 70 hard currency-paying exhibitors , most of which were western companies ; that so many companies are willing to pay $350 per square metre is testimony to the fact that the russian market [keeps] the interest of a significant portion of western companies ; show organiser crocus international says it invited 200,000 ‘ specialists ’ to the show , but in reality , comtek has become a popular event in all senses of the word with most companies using the show as an opportunity for general exposure to the russian market rather than as a means of generating many hard sales leads .

Sun Microsystems Inc retains its market-leading position in the Japanese workstation market , according to figures released by the Nikkei Industrial News last week .
sun microsystems inc [keeps] its market-leading position in the japanese workstation market , according to figures released by the nikkei industrial news last week .

But feminist psychology retains conventional psychology 's resistance to making sexuality a topic of frequent or serious study .
but feminist psychology [keeps] conventional psychology 's resistance to making sexuality a topic of frequent or serious study .

This qualified subjectivism , a sort of new man of psychological method , again retains an attachment to the objectivity of traditional methods .
this qualified subjectivism , a sort of new man of psychological method , again [keeps] an attachment to the objectivity of traditional methods .

And like conventional psychology , humanist psychology retains an idea of the subject which can be isolated from social considerations for the purposes of creating a truly scientific psychological theory .
and like conventional psychology , humanist psychology [keeps] an idea of the subject which can be isolated from social considerations for the purposes of creating a truly scientific psychological theory .

what Chodorow retains of the psychical that makes it impossible for her to consider social relations in any but the most simplistic way .
what chodorow [keeps] of the psychical that makes it impossible for her to consider social relations in any but the most simplistic way .

The model partially retains the traditional distinction between a political élite and a mass public .
the model partially [keeps] the traditional distinction between a political élite and a mass public .

The model set out above relates the mass media to ‘ power relations ’ but , at the same time , retains core elements of the ‘ fourth estate ’ concept , namely , that the media can , and sometimes do , act autonomously and are not completely subservient to the state or political institutions .
the model set out above relates the mass media to ‘ power relations ’ but , at the same time , [keeps] core elements of the ‘ fourth estate ’ concept , namely , that the media can , and sometimes do , act autonomously and are not completely subservient to the state or political institutions .

Income would normally be treated as the recipient 's for tax purposes unless , that is , the donor has the right to get the asset back in the future or retains some control over it — in which case the donor would be liable for any tax .
income would normally be treated as the recipient 's for tax purposes unless , that is , the donor has the right to get the asset back in the future or [keeps] some control over it — in which case the donor would be liable for any tax .

In split-brain patients it has been shown that the left hemisphere retains language function , the right does not .
in split-brain patients it has been shown that the left hemisphere [keeps] language function , the right does not .

The route is mainly over the Coniston Fells giving a high rocky ridge walk , with a final descent down Little Langdale — another quiet valley which still retains much of its old world character .
the route is mainly over the coniston fells giving a high rocky ridge walk , with a final descent down little langdale — another quiet valley which still [keeps] much of its old world character .

He apparently retains his seat on Silicon Graphics Inc 's board and his post as head of Mips ' architecture committee but it seems he 's off with a new venture-backed workstation company called NetPower Systems Inc .
he apparently [keeps] his seat on silicon graphics inc 's board and his post as head of mips ' architecture committee but it seems he 's off with a new venture-backed workstation company called netpower systems inc .

The professional transplants his or her skills to the parents but still retains control of the decision-making process .
the professional transplants his or her skills to the parents but still [keeps] control of the decision-making process .

Now that we have the front bed working and set to knit , the yarn that is not taken into the slip needle hook no longer forms a float , but is taken up by the opposite needle and is knitted whilst the slip needle still retains its original knitted stitch .
now that we have the front bed working and set to knit , the yarn that is not taken into the slip needle hook no longer forms a float , but is taken up by the opposite needle and is knitted whilst the slip needle still [keeps] its original knitted stitch .

By adopting this early phenomenology of Hegel , Habermas generates a theory of the knowing subject that is sociological with its reference to the social activities of labour and communication , and yet retains a tension between the individual subject and its location within social formation .
by adopting this early phenomenology of hegel , habermas generates a theory of the knowing subject that is sociological with its reference to the social activities of labour and communication , and yet [keeps] a tension between the individual subject and its location within social formation .

The person inside so often retains a strong feeling of individuality and continuity , as demonstrated by the poem ‘ The Crabbit Old Woman ’ ( Carver and Liddiard , 1978 ) .
the person inside so often [keeps] a strong feeling of individuality and continuity , as demonstrated by the poem ‘ the crabbit old woman ’ ( carver and liddiard , 1978 ) .

Hanson , Britain 's largest break-up specialist retains certain parts of the conglomerates which it has taken over , but has as a result itself became a conglomerate — as discussed in the previous subsection .
hanson , britain 's largest break-up specialist [keeps] certain parts of the conglomerates which it has taken over , but has as a result itself became a conglomerate — as discussed in the previous subsection .

Although the state retirement pension remains linked to prices and , subject to the proviso noted above , retains its ‘ real ’ value , the commitment to raise pensions in line with earnings ( in years when earnings rose by more than prices ) was abolished in 1980 .
although the state retirement pension remains linked to prices and , subject to the proviso noted above , [keeps] its ‘ real ’ value , the commitment to raise pensions in line with earnings ( in years when earnings rose by more than prices ) was abolished in 1980 .

Ian Hunter , who made a sensational two-try debut against Canada , retains his right wing role while Rory Underwood , who retired after the World Cup , comes back at the expense of younger brother Tony .
ian hunter , who made a sensational two-try debut against canada , [keeps] his right wing role while rory underwood , who retired after the world cup , comes back at the expense of younger brother tony .

However , she showed she retains ability when winning a seller at Market Rasen by 15 lengths and faced a stiff task last time when fifth to the well handicapped Sovereign Niche at Wolverhampton .
however , she showed she [keeps] ability when winning a seller at market rasen by 15 lengths and faced a stiff task last time when fifth to the well handicapped sovereign niche at wolverhampton .

It means Jim Courier retains the pole position he 's held for all but 12 weeks of 1992 .
it means jim courier [keeps] the pole position he 's held for all but 12 weeks of 1992 .

These moves have been superbly converted for the Game Boy and Prince of Persia retains its first class gameplay .
these moves have been superbly converted for the game boy and prince of persia [keeps] its first class gameplay .

Wood retains its popularity because it can offer much more stiffness for a given weight than any existing thermoplastic .
wood [keeps] its popularity because it can offer much more stiffness for a given weight than any existing thermoplastic .

She retains virtual control of her sons , the eldest of whom firmly remains second in line to the throne .
she [keeps] virtual control of her sons , the eldest of whom firmly remains second in line to the throne .

One of the most obvious implications of this definition is that if there is no obligation , there is no liability : it follows that costs to be incurred in the future are not liabilities while the entity retains the discretion to avoid them .
one of the most obvious implications of this definition is that if there is no obligation , there is no liability : it follows that costs to be incurred in the future are not liabilities while the entity [keeps] the discretion to avoid them .

Any object subject to veneration receives ‘ vibrations ’ or psychic energetic impulses , and once charged , retains them .
any object subject to veneration receives ‘ vibrations ’ or psychic energetic impulses , and once charged , [keeps] them .

Each cell in our body retains impulses or patterns of experience .
each cell in our body [keeps] impulses or patterns of experience .

Moscato , the son of an immigrant from Calabria , was born in Paris in July 1967 , but he retains the hard-bitten philosophy of his peasant forebears ; ‘ Men and boys are aggressive ’ , says Moscato .
moscato , the son of an immigrant from calabria , was born in paris in july 1967 , but he [keeps] the hard-bitten philosophy of his peasant forebears ; ‘ men and boys are aggressive ’ , says moscato .

Singapore retains its Asian flavour
singapore [keeps] its asian flavour

Naturopathy is one of the oldest forms of medicine and is based on four principles : the individuality of the patient , that you should treat the cause of the condition and not just the symptoms , that the body retains the ability to heal itself and that you must treat the whole person and not just an affected area .
naturopathy is one of the oldest forms of medicine and is based on four principles : the individuality of the patient , that you should treat the cause of the condition and not just the symptoms , that the body [keeps] the ability to heal itself and that you must treat the whole person and not just an affected area .

Forte gets a cool Pounds 402m — a profit of around £300m — and still retains just under 25 % of the caterer ahead of a future flotation .
forte gets a cool pounds 402m — a profit of around £300m — and still [keeps] just under 25 % of the caterer ahead of a future flotation .

Indeed , the Consultative Paper , para 9 , states that ‘ … it is envisaged that successful candidates will have demonstrated a knowledge of taxation at least equal to that required to pass the Associate examination of the IoT … ’ The IoT examination is widely accepted as being of a uniquely high standard , and the revised syllabus for 1994 , incorporating a new paper on Tax Ethics and Administration , will ensure that the IoT examination retains its relevance for the future .
indeed , the consultative paper , para 9 , states that ‘ … it is envisaged that successful candidates will have demonstrated a knowledge of taxation at least equal to that required to pass the associate examination of the iot … ’ the iot examination is widely accepted as being of a uniquely high standard , and the revised syllabus for 1994 , incorporating a new paper on tax ethics and administration , will ensure that the iot examination [keeps] its relevance for the future .

There are only three sacral vertebrae that support the pelvis , the lowest number that occurs among dinosaurs , and the hand retains a fifth digit , albeit reduced to a short metacarpal .
there are only three sacral vertebrae that support the pelvis , the lowest number that occurs among dinosaurs , and the hand [keeps] a fifth digit , albeit reduced to a short metacarpal .

That , you might argue , would still leave the City , which retains so many other advantages as a place for financiers to work , as one of the world 's main financial centres .
that , you might argue , would still leave the city , which [keeps] so many other advantages as a place for financiers to work , as one of the world 's main financial centres .

Now , offices , the County Hall and even a car park make a bigger impact but the prison retains its huge central site .
now , offices , the county hall and even a car park make a bigger impact but the prison [keeps] its huge central site .

Although this is quite different from retribution ( an aim that Beccaria specifically rejects ) , he retains the idea , usually associated with retribution , that the punishment should be proportional to the crime — but not , he insists , proportional to its sinfulness ( since only God can gauge that ) .
although this is quite different from retribution ( an aim that beccaria specifically rejects ) , he [keeps] the idea , usually associated with retribution , that the punishment should be proportional to the crime — but not , he insists , proportional to its sinfulness ( since only god can gauge that ) .

Although this postclassical perspective contains some important modifications of the original classical position , it still retains its essential spirit as an explanatory framework .
although this postclassical perspective contains some important modifications of the original classical position , it still [keeps] its essential spirit as an explanatory framework .

This is because , despite the partial retreat from the more uniformly selfish version of humans in the original classical position , the postclassical view still also retains Beccaria 's vision of the uneasy relationship between ‘ private passions ’ and the ‘ common good ’ .
this is because , despite the partial retreat from the more uniformly selfish version of humans in the original classical position , the postclassical view still also [keeps] beccaria 's vision of the uneasy relationship between ‘ private passions ’ and the ‘ common good ’ .

Fringe dangles down elegantly , clothing retains its ‘ ruffled ’ lines .
fringe dangles down elegantly , clothing [keeps] its ‘ ruffled ’ lines .

It is even , on occasion , embarrassing , to anyone who retains a talent to be embarrassed .
it is even , on occasion , embarrassing , to anyone who [keeps] a talent to be embarrassed .

Flying the flag : The Fijian team celebrates as it retains its grip on the Cup for the third year in succession : ( l-r ) Fijian supporter , Waisale Serevi , Tomasi Cama , Vesito Rauluni ( captain ) , Mesake Rasari , Viliami Rauluni , Filimone Seru , Ratu Sakeasi ( front ) .
flying the flag : the fijian team celebrates as it [keeps] its grip on the cup for the third year in succession : ( l-r ) fijian supporter , waisale serevi , tomasi cama , vesito rauluni ( captain ) , mesake rasari , viliami rauluni , filimone seru , ratu sakeasi ( front ) .

It retains its original mosaic floor decorated with strips of marble and porphyry on a ground of multi-colour tesserae .
it [keeps] its original mosaic floor decorated with strips of marble and porphyry on a ground of multi-colour tesserae .

This discovery precipitated the Red Lake Gold Rush , and their find became the Howey Gold Mine , the first in the Red Lake district , resulting in Burnt Bay being renamed as Howey Bay , the name that it retains to this day .
this discovery precipitated the red lake gold rush , and their find became the howey gold mine , the first in the red lake district , resulting in burnt bay being renamed as howey bay , the name that it [keeps] to this day .

While reflecting current trends in language teaching , the course retains the well-tried and practised approaches that teachers have already put their trust in .
while reflecting current trends in language teaching , the course [keeps] the well-tried and practised approaches that teachers have already put their trust in .

Sport becomes relegated to the peripheries , whereas , for many black kids , it retains centrality — not because the other areas are seen as worse risks , but because they are seen as less accessible , they believe there are only a limited number of entrances to the upper reaches of the employment world .
sport becomes relegated to the peripheries , whereas , for many black kids , it [keeps] centrality — not because the other areas are seen as worse risks , but because they are seen as less accessible , they believe there are only a limited number of entrances to the upper reaches of the employment world .

It retains the Sympatex lining of the earlier model — belt and braces if you like .
it [keeps] the sympatex lining of the earlier model — belt and braces if you like .

Olepasto is a stiff gel , made specifically for impasto and texture work , it retains knife and brush strokes and will not level out .
olepasto is a stiff gel , made specifically for impasto and texture work , it [keeps] knife and brush strokes and will not level out .

This last-to-be-colonized region still retains some mystery and glamour as an unsubjugated never-never-land where , in science fiction at least , almost anything can happen .
this last-to-be-colonized region still [keeps] some mystery and glamour as an unsubjugated never-never-land where , in science fiction at least , almost anything can happen .

The decentralized authority has a somewhat dated ring to it , in that it retains a faith in the ability of the local state to decide and provide .
the decentralized authority has a somewhat dated ring to it , in that it [keeps] a faith in the ability of the local state to decide and provide .

The vehicle retains its original groom 's compartment , together with gas light , communication card and steam heating valve fittings .
the vehicle [keeps] its original groom 's compartment , together with gas light , communication card and steam heating valve fittings .

Now past its notorious heyday , it has become a favourite attraction for Schiaparelli 's less sophisticated visitors , who fondly imagine they have located a corner of the city that retains the historic charm of frontier days .
now past its notorious heyday , it has become a favourite attraction for schiaparelli 's less sophisticated visitors , who fondly imagine they have located a corner of the city that [keeps] the historic charm of frontier days .

Built in 1830 , it retains many of its original features : the elaborately painted plaster cornices , stained-glass ‘ Cornish ’ porch and panelled mahogany doors .
built in 1830 , it [keeps] many of its original features : the elaborately painted plaster cornices , stained-glass ‘ cornish ’ porch and panelled mahogany doors .

It retains several distinctive features such as a mighty stone spiral staircase , heavy wooden shutters ( which may have doubled as combat shields ) , a greenstone fireplace , and exposed roof timbers .
it [keeps] several distinctive features such as a mighty stone spiral staircase , heavy wooden shutters ( which may have doubled as combat shields ) , a greenstone fireplace , and exposed roof timbers .

Built in 1884 the house has been modernised but still retains its original charm with a very pretty secluded south-facing garden .
built in 1884 the house has been modernised but still [keeps] its original charm with a very pretty secluded south-facing garden .

Inside it retains an old forge , providing winter visitors with a truly warm welcome .
inside it [keeps] an old forge , providing winter visitors with a truly warm welcome .

The house has been renovated and modernised but retains beams , an inglenook fireplace and a lot of character .
the house has been renovated and modernised but [keeps] beams , an inglenook fireplace and a lot of character .

Lavenham and Long Melford have many interesting buildings , the former in particular retains its medieval character .
lavenham and long melford have many interesting buildings , the former in particular [keeps] its medieval character .

The building dates back to 1510 and , whilst it has been sympathetically modernised , it retains much of its original character .
the building dates back to 1510 and , whilst it has been sympathetically modernised , it [keeps] much of its original character .

It has been carefully restored and retains many original features , with a beamed ceiling in the lounge and an open fire and superbly ornate ceiling in the dining room .
it has been carefully restored and [keeps] many original features , with a beamed ceiling in the lounge and an open fire and superbly ornate ceiling in the dining room .

Today it is modern and comfortable whilst it still retains an ‘ old world ’ character .
today it is modern and comfortable whilst it still [keeps] an ‘ old world ’ character .

( b ) Gang members will be employed at a fixed hourly , daily or weekly rate , whether direct or sub-contract , and the gang leader retains the balance as his own income .
( b ) gang members will be employed at a fixed hourly , daily or weekly rate , whether direct or sub-contract , and the gang leader [keeps] the balance as his own income .

We may well reach a situation in which all trials are held in the area in which they arise , and London retains special importance chiefly as the centre of appellate courts for the south of England .
we may well reach a situation in which all trials are held in the area in which they arise , and london [keeps] special importance chiefly as the centre of appellate courts for the south of england .

It is clear that in both places , the higher the status group the greater the tendency to approximate to the spoken norm of Received Pronunciation , which retains [ h ] .
it is clear that in both places , the higher the status group the greater the tendency to approximate to the spoken norm of received pronunciation , which [keeps] [ h ] .

At the same time , by retaining his copy , the shipper retains the right to prevent delivery or other disposition of the goods .
at the same time , by retaining his copy , the shipper [keeps] the right to prevent delivery or other disposition of the goods .

The Gorgoneion ( Gorgon-face ) , adapted from eastern models , appears in Greek art in the mid seventh century and long retains this generalised protective role.24 From the start , however , it is also associated with a particular story : the head of Medusa , cut off by Perseus with Athena 's help , and thereafter worn by the goddess on her aegis .
the gorgoneion ( gorgon-face ) , adapted from eastern models , appears in greek art in the mid seventh century and long [keeps] this generalised protective role.24 from the start , however , it is also associated with a particular story : the head of medusa , cut off by perseus with athena 's help , and thereafter worn by the goddess on her aegis .

Moreover , while ‘ ideology ’ retains , from the weight of linguistic usage , the sense of organized beliefs ( whether formal and conscious or pervasive and dissolved ) , it can often be supposed that such systems are the true origin of all cultural ( and indeed other social ) production .
moreover , while ‘ ideology ’ [keeps] , from the weight of linguistic usage , the sense of organized beliefs ( whether formal and conscious or pervasive and dissolved ) , it can often be supposed that such systems are the true origin of all cultural ( and indeed other social ) production .

In other respects it may in principle result in conduct which is wealth reducing overall , as where a company retains employees who on a strict cost/benefit analysis would be made redundant .
in other respects it may in principle result in conduct which is wealth reducing overall , as where a company [keeps] employees who on a strict cost/benefit analysis would be made redundant .

By ss. 10 and 12 of the Companies Act 1985 the memorandum of association , together with the articles of association , are to be delivered to the Registrar of Companies , who retains and registers them . The full list of documents which must be delivered for registration are :
by ss. 10 and 12 of the companies act 1985 the memorandum of association , together with the articles of association , are to be delivered to the registrar of companies , who [keeps] and registers them . the full list of documents which must be delivered for registration are :

Even if the court is satisfied that there is a real prospect that one or more of the purposes ( set out above ) can be satisfied , it still retains a discretion as to whether or not to make an administration order .
even if the court is satisfied that there is a real prospect that one or more of the purposes ( set out above ) can be satisfied , it still [keeps] a discretion as to whether or not to make an administration order .

In the example , clearly the covenant is framed in negative terms ; however , is it for Lord Wellworthy 's personal benefit ( i.e. business interests ) ? Could it be said that it benefits the land ( i.e. it seeks to keep the residential character of the area ) ? Lord Wellworthy can enforce the covenant only whilst he retains the legal estate in the Stately Mansion Hotel .
in the example , clearly the covenant is framed in negative terms ; however , is it for lord wellworthy 's personal benefit ( i.e. business interests ) ? could it be said that it benefits the land ( i.e. it seeks to keep the residential character of the area ) ? lord wellworthy can enforce the covenant only whilst he [keeps] the legal estate in the stately mansion hotel .

Using the example of the work of Bourdieu , it has been argued that , although the object may be closely associated with the most fundamental and hidden aspects of socialization , this does not mean that it must be analysed only by determinant , rule-based objectivist procedures , since as an instrument of social strategy it retains a high degree of flexibility .
using the example of the work of bourdieu , it has been argued that , although the object may be closely associated with the most fundamental and hidden aspects of socialization , this does not mean that it must be analysed only by determinant , rule-based objectivist procedures , since as an instrument of social strategy it [keeps] a high degree of flexibility .

Personal property is best linked with communal rather than private property , such as state or kin-held property , since it is a statement of relative inalienability , such that the social subject , individual or collective , associated with the object retains control over the conditions under which it may be alienated .
personal property is best linked with communal rather than private property , such as state or kin-held property , since it is a statement of relative inalienability , such that the social subject , individual or collective , associated with the object [keeps] control over the conditions under which it may be alienated .

In urban , ‘ modern ’ Wales , on the other hand , the social class cleavage among the mining and industrial communities was vigorously exploited by the Labour party , which retains its predominance there today .
in urban , ‘ modern ’ wales , on the other hand , the social class cleavage among the mining and industrial communities was vigorously exploited by the labour party , which [keeps] its predominance there today .

Sir Leicester Dedlock retains many of the characteristics of a great eighteenth-century landowner .
sir leicester dedlock [keeps] many of the characteristics of a great eighteenth-century landowner .

The student with a very poor memory , for instance , may need to create more detailed notes than the student who retains facts easily .
the student with a very poor memory , for instance , may need to create more detailed notes than the student who [keeps] facts easily .

Your filter mat has been heat bonded to ensure that it retains its shape and that loose fibres do n't slip through to jam powerheads .
your filter mat has been heat bonded to ensure that it [keeps] its shape and that loose fibres do n't slip through to jam powerheads .

The monster Calibos , a half-divine man who has been deformed as a punishment by the gods but retains the power of speech and other human characteristics including a curiously ineffectual lust for the pretty Andromeda ( Judy Bowker ) is doubly cast as a Dynarama ( or Dynamation , ie stop-motion ) model and as an actor ( Neil McCarthy ) , a decision not only unprecedented but unwise .
the monster calibos , a half-divine man who has been deformed as a punishment by the gods but [keeps] the power of speech and other human characteristics including a curiously ineffectual lust for the pretty andromeda ( judy bowker ) is doubly cast as a dynarama ( or dynamation , ie stop-motion ) model and as an actor ( neil mccarthy ) , a decision not only unprecedented but unwise .

But still , because he does not bow down before his own popularity , he retains a certain distance .
but still , because he does not bow down before his own popularity , he [keeps] a certain distance .

But the more recent adoption of the tune by British football crowds probably follows the Judy Collins 1971 hit , which retains all the features of the ‘ bourgeois ’ version .
but the more recent adoption of the tune by british football crowds probably follows the judy collins 1971 hit , which [keeps] all the features of the ‘ bourgeois ’ version .

Politicians come and go , but Whitehall still retains its hold on power .
politicians come and go , but whitehall still [keeps] its hold on power .

Although it retains some features in common with the ‘ orthodox account ’ it also departs from it significantly , especially in its emphasis on the importance of ‘ justice ’ within prisons .
although it [keeps] some features in common with the ‘ orthodox account ’ it also departs from it significantly , especially in its emphasis on the importance of ‘ justice ’ within prisons .

Until payment of the damages , however , the plaintiff retains his property in the goods and may exercise all his rights as owner even after judgment has been given in his favour .
until payment of the damages , however , the plaintiff [keeps] his property in the goods and may exercise all his rights as owner even after judgment has been given in his favour .

However , the Bill retains the duty of local authorities to protect children at risk .
however , the bill [keeps] the duty of local authorities to protect children at risk .

Neuroses , in contrast , are often extreme forms of normal behavioural or emotional patterns , such as depression or anxiety , and the patient usually retains some insight into their condition .
neuroses , in contrast , are often extreme forms of normal behavioural or emotional patterns , such as depression or anxiety , and the patient usually [keeps] some insight into their condition .

But under a voluntary agreement , the parent retains parental responsibility , and tight restrictions should only apply in extreme circumstances .
but under a voluntary agreement , the parent [keeps] parental responsibility , and tight restrictions should only apply in extreme circumstances .

However , unlike most of the rest of the oil barrel that goes directly into use as a fuel , the four per cent that is made into plastics retains its energy properties and , tonne for tonne , has double the calorific value of coal .
however , unlike most of the rest of the oil barrel that goes directly into use as a fuel , the four per cent that is made into plastics [keeps] its energy properties and , tonne for tonne , has double the calorific value of coal .

Clay retains a record of the intensity and direction of the earth 's magnetic field when it was last fired , because on heating the magnetic oxides in the clay align with the prevailing magnetic field .
clay [keeps] a record of the intensity and direction of the earth 's magnetic field when it was last fired , because on heating the magnetic oxides in the clay align with the prevailing magnetic field .

She argues against the individual approach on the grounds that it retains the segregation of pupils with learning difficulties which support teaching was intended to diminish .
she argues against the individual approach on the grounds that it [keeps] the segregation of pupils with learning difficulties which support teaching was intended to diminish .

Some individuals dig pits in carefully selected sites on a beach where the sun warms the eggs during the day and the sand retains the heat to maintain their temperature overnight .
some individuals dig pits in carefully selected sites on a beach where the sun warms the eggs during the day and the sand [keeps] the heat to maintain their temperature overnight .

The female tsetse fly retains her young for even longer .
the female tsetse fly [keeps] her young for even longer .

The Boggart , with its rumbustious family adventure story line , lacks the mystical qualities usually associated with the author 's novels , but retains her powerful sense of landscape and place through detailed and loving descriptions of the Scottish setting .
the boggart , with its rumbustious family adventure story line , lacks the mystical qualities usually associated with the author 's novels , but [keeps] her powerful sense of landscape and place through detailed and loving descriptions of the scottish setting .

Happily , she retains enough of Daddy 's money to live in comfortable circumstances in the Home Counties .
happily , she [keeps] enough of daddy 's money to live in comfortable circumstances in the home counties .

‘ under English law , a convicted prisoner , in spite of his imprisonment , retains all civil rights which are not taken away expressly or by necessary implication …
‘ under english law , a convicted prisoner , in spite of his imprisonment , [keeps] all civil rights which are not taken away expressly or by necessary implication …

In these cases the society not only fixes and receives the fee payable for the report but it retains the fee for itself .
in these cases the society not only fixes and receives the fee payable for the report but it [keeps] the fee for itself .

The humour is reinforced by van Goethem 's brilliant use of classic cartoon style animation which retains the slapstick , but dispenses with the childish .
the humour is reinforced by van goethem 's brilliant use of classic cartoon style animation which [keeps] the slapstick , but dispenses with the childish .

This is the issue which occupies Anne Phillips , Sylvia Walby and Michèle Barrett in particular , with a certain consensus that , after all , we must hold out for a version of modernism ( against post-modernism ) , and what Phillips calls a ‘ middle route ’ which retains its aspiration to universalism .
this is the issue which occupies anne phillips , sylvia walby and michèle barrett in particular , with a certain consensus that , after all , we must hold out for a version of modernism ( against post-modernism ) , and what phillips calls a ‘ middle route ’ which [keeps] its aspiration to universalism .

The section retains the types of licences provided for by the 1959 and 1962 Acts , and introduces two new types recommended by Clayson ( paras .
the section [keeps] the types of licences provided for by the 1959 and 1962 acts , and introduces two new types recommended by clayson ( paras .

He always retains that unpredictable , mysterious otherness of the ruach adonai .
he always [keeps] that unpredictable , mysterious otherness of the ruach adonai .

Although ‘ Hot Hot Hot ’ , the other failure , retains the manic absurdity , it offers little in the way of additional entertainment .
although ‘ hot hot hot ’ , the other failure , [keeps] the manic absurdity , it offers little in the way of additional entertainment .

Mr. Wakeham : The Refreshment Department retains the services of a qualified nutritional adviser on an ad hoc basis , whose fees are paid from the trading account .
mr. wakeham : the refreshment department [keeps] the services of a qualified nutritional adviser on an ad hoc basis , whose fees are paid from the trading account .

The big-spending Hollywood myth retains its influence and the Zombie cast were well looked after by Steenway Productions , with cars organized to get them to and from the set .
the big-spending hollywood myth [keeps] its influence and the zombie cast were well looked after by steenway productions , with cars organized to get them to and from the set .

This effectively retains their share of the total authority budget .
this effectively [keeps] their share of the total authority budget .

Boswell 's and Johnson 's footsteps can no longer be seen around Armadale and Sleat ; so far , only Corry retains their memory , in that old stretch of white crumbling wall .
boswell 's and johnson 's footsteps can no longer be seen around armadale and sleat ; so far , only corry [keeps] their memory , in that old stretch of white crumbling wall .

The Act retains the power of a Chief Constable or his/her deputy to ban a march under the 1936 Public Order Act .
the act [keeps] the power of a chief constable or his/her deputy to ban a march under the 1936 public order act .

For Bakhtin , parody and stylization objectify their target by introducing ‘ a new semantic intention into a discourse which already has , and which retains , an intention of its own ’ ( 1984:189 ) .
for bakhtin , parody and stylization objectify their target by introducing ‘ a new semantic intention into a discourse which already has , and which [keeps] , an intention of its own ’ ( 1984:189 ) .

The loan is portable , so if the borrower moves home during the fixed rate period and retains the loan , no charge will be made .
the loan is portable , so if the borrower moves home during the fixed rate period and [keeps] the loan , no charge will be made .

This property requires some updating but still retains many of the original features .
this property requires some updating but still [keeps] many of the original features .

The Gulf war could be described as the struggle for control of the post-cold war world order — a bid to retain American leadership , to establish a form of political regulation of the post-Fordist world economy that retains the Fordist political institutions .
the gulf war could be described as the struggle for control of the post-cold war world order — a bid to retain american leadership , to establish a form of political regulation of the post-fordist world economy that [keeps] the fordist political institutions .

To achieve a level of composition above the ordinary it is important that the user retains the control , not the program so Auto anything should be regarded as a cop out and avoided where ever possible .
to achieve a level of composition above the ordinary it is important that the user [keeps] the control , not the program so auto anything should be regarded as a cop out and avoided where ever possible .

The greater trust a manager places in subordinates , the less control he retains himself .
the greater trust a manager places in subordinates , the less control he [keeps] himself .

This involves discussion between the manager and the subordinates involved in carrying out a decision , but the manager retains the right to make the decision himself .
this involves discussion between the manager and the subordinates involved in carrying out a decision , but the manager [keeps] the right to make the decision himself .

The group leader retains responsibility for what occurs , even though the group practises collective decision-making .
the group leader [keeps] responsibility for what occurs , even though the group practises collective decision-making .

But it still retains the liberal tradition of ‘ rescue ’ in its definition of responsibility .
but it still [keeps] the liberal tradition of ‘ rescue ’ in its definition of responsibility .

The retention of title is an arrangement whereby the seller of goods retains title to the goods until at least the buyer of the goods pays for them .
the retention of title is an arrangement whereby the seller of goods [keeps] title to the goods until at least the buyer of the goods pays for them .

First , probably the most significant feature for identifying the floating charge is that the company retains management autonomy with respect to the assets subject to the charge .
first , probably the most significant feature for identifying the floating charge is that the company [keeps] management autonomy with respect to the assets subject to the charge .

The United States Congress retains more power over executive personnel .
the united states congress [keeps] more power over executive personnel .

In terms of the disposition of the executive 's programmes , however , the Congress retains great influence over whether a president gets the legislation he is after and in what form it will become law .
in terms of the disposition of the executive 's programmes , however , the congress [keeps] great influence over whether a president gets the legislation he is after and in what form it will become law .

The end of the Cold War has invalidated the three-world image , although ‘ third-worldism ’ retains relevance as an ideological position supportive of third-world interests .
the end of the cold war has invalidated the three-world image , although ‘ third-worldism ’ [keeps] relevance as an ideological position supportive of third-world interests .

The ‘ great powers ’ , led by the United States ( which retains pretensions to superpower status despite serious domestic problems ) , continue to dominate international institutions , from the Security Council of the United Nations to the World Bank , and seem unlikely to countenance a change in this situation in the foreseeable future .
the ‘ great powers ’ , led by the united states ( which [keeps] pretensions to superpower status despite serious domestic problems ) , continue to dominate international institutions , from the security council of the united nations to the world bank , and seem unlikely to countenance a change in this situation in the foreseeable future .

For instance , we may be setting Dryden 's Song for Saint Cecilia 's Day and wish to abbreviate the following verse by cutting out less important material : We could reduce this to the following , which retains the important parts of the above , keeps the message exactly the same , but brings it down to more manageable proportions from a musical standpoint :
for instance , we may be setting dryden 's song for saint cecilia 's day and wish to abbreviate the following verse by cutting out less important material : we could reduce this to the following , which [keeps] the important parts of the above , keeps the message exactly the same , but brings it down to more manageable proportions from a musical standpoint :

Instead it retains its relentless , forceful spirit — an ideal background to the tenor aria which sings of the breaking of the Lord 's enemies with a rod of iron , dashing them to pieces like a potter 's vessel .
instead it [keeps] its relentless , forceful spirit — an ideal background to the tenor aria which sings of the breaking of the lord 's enemies with a rod of iron , dashing them to pieces like a potter 's vessel .

In this way the work retains its unity but can have a wide diversity of atmosphere .
in this way the work [keeps] its unity but can have a wide diversity of atmosphere .

Carl Orff uses such multi-voiced layering to excellent effect , yet retains great simplicity , clarity , and directness .
carl orff uses such multi-voiced layering to excellent effect , yet [keeps] great simplicity , clarity , and directness .

How close to the string the hammer then comes depends on the energy the hammer retains after hitting the string , how much of that energy is absorbed by the material from which the hammer then rebounds and how much energy is otherwise lost , for instance through the friction at the hammer pivot or hinge .
how close to the string the hammer then comes depends on the energy the hammer [keeps] after hitting the string , how much of that energy is absorbed by the material from which the hammer then rebounds and how much energy is otherwise lost , for instance through the friction at the hammer pivot or hinge .

As more energy is put into the hammer without a check ( in other words , as the player plays more loudly ) a critical point will be reached at which the hammer retains enough energy after hitting the string to bounce up and hit the string again .
as more energy is put into the hammer without a check ( in other words , as the player plays more loudly ) a critical point will be reached at which the hammer [keeps] enough energy after hitting the string to bounce up and hit the string again .

Royal retains inter-bank quiz trophy
royal [keeps] inter-bank quiz trophy

The Department retains its commitment to the development of a broad based training programme which emphasises behavioural aspects but also recognises the need for physical restraint , as a last resort measure , within the context of direct care .
the department [keeps] its commitment to the development of a broad based training programme which emphasises behavioural aspects but also recognises the need for physical restraint , as a last resort measure , within the context of direct care .

The Department retains the right to call the police even if the employee does not wish it .
the department [keeps] the right to call the police even if the employee does not wish it .

Everyone retains a personal allowance of at least £12.65 per week .
everyone [keeps] a personal allowance of at least £12.65 per week .

Foresters ' Hall In a letter from Councillor Mrs. Brereton to Mrs. Burden of Juniper Green Primary School 's Board she states that she will do her utmost to ensure that the site retains its present planning use .
foresters ' hall in a letter from councillor mrs. brereton to mrs. burden of juniper green primary school 's board she states that she will do her utmost to ensure that the site [keeps] its present planning use .

Green activists have claimed that the Commission 's definition of development retains the mindset of the 1960s , when vast infrastructural improvement schemes were seen as the only way to improve depressed local economies .
green activists have claimed that the commission 's definition of development [keeps] the mindset of the 1960s , when vast infrastructural improvement schemes were seen as the only way to improve depressed local economies .

As a result , Kaliber retains brand leadership and is improving market share in a fluctuating market that has seen many casualties .
as a result , kaliber [keeps] brand leadership and is improving market share in a fluctuating market that has seen many casualties .

Lyons suggests that this x retains a pronominal element , as well as containing an adverbial element similar to here .
lyons suggests that this x [keeps] a pronominal element , as well as containing an adverbial element similar to here .

If the buyer subsequently retains the goods without objection , it may be taken to have accepted the offer ; however , if within a reasonable time the buyer responds making clear that it does not accept the seller 's terms , it will make a counter offer and will not be bound by the seller 's terms .
if the buyer subsequently [keeps] the goods without objection , it may be taken to have accepted the offer ; however , if within a reasonable time the buyer responds making clear that it does not accept the seller 's terms , it will make a counter offer and will not be bound by the seller 's terms .

( a ) " Undistributed income " Where the income of a trust has not been distributed it will have been seen that this has important consequences with regard to s673 ( settlements where settlor retains an interest ) ( see p46 ) and ss677 and 678 ( capital sums ) ( see p48-55 ) .
( a ) " undistributed income " where the income of a trust has not been distributed it will have been seen that this has important consequences with regard to s673 ( settlements where settlor [keeps] an interest ) ( see p46 ) and ss677 and 678 ( capital sums ) ( see p48-55 ) .

In the first case the owner retains the existing use value of his land and is worse off only in comparison with owners who have been fortunate in owning land on which development is permitted and who can therefore realise a capital gain .
in the first case the owner [keeps] the existing use value of his land and is worse off only in comparison with owners who have been fortunate in owning land on which development is permitted and who can therefore realise a capital gain .

To the agriculturist it offers a basic form of protection against urban influences , and for the minerals industry it retains accessible , cheap , and exploitable natural resources .
to the agriculturist it offers a basic form of protection against urban influences , and for the minerals industry it [keeps] accessible , cheap , and exploitable natural resources .

My dubious memory of mid seventies Leeds retains memories of a fickle talent called Duncan MacKenzie being in the team . What happened to him ?
my dubious memory of mid seventies leeds [keeps] memories of a fickle talent called duncan mackenzie being in the team . what happened to him ?

Each villa will have a landscaped garden which retains the natural contours and the majority of the trees .
each villa will have a landscaped garden which [keeps] the natural contours and the majority of the trees .

Where the landlord retains no property adjoining the demised property , the question of party structures will rarely arise as between him and his tenant .
where the landlord [keeps] no property adjoining the demised property , the question of party structures will rarely arise as between him and his tenant .

Where the landlord retains adjoining property , or where he lets a building in separate parts , party structures must be considered .
where the landlord [keeps] adjoining property , or where he lets a building in separate parts , party structures must be considered .

Rather than the benefit of trade debts being sold to Newco , a mechanism can be inserted in the business sale agreement whereby the vendor retains ownership of these and Newco collects them in as undisclosed agent for the vendor , so that there is no conveyance on sale of the debts for stamp duty purposes .
rather than the benefit of trade debts being sold to newco , a mechanism can be inserted in the business sale agreement whereby the vendor [keeps] ownership of these and newco collects them in as undisclosed agent for the vendor , so that there is no conveyance on sale of the debts for stamp duty purposes .

Britons tend to retain trust in the inhabitants of countries in which Britain has had or retains colonial interests ; countries that share a common language , values , and ( in some cases ) ancestry ; and countries that have stood together in times of crisis .
britons tend to retain trust in the inhabitants of countries in which britain has had or [keeps] colonial interests ; countries that share a common language , values , and ( in some cases ) ancestry ; and countries that have stood together in times of crisis .

The candidates of the main parties are selected locally , though the national party in each case retains some veto power .
the candidates of the main parties are selected locally , though the national party in each case [keeps] some veto power .

Despite this pressure for reform , the existing system retains its supporters .
despite this pressure for reform , the existing system [keeps] its supporters .

The whole skull of a bony flatfish retains the twisted and distorted evidence of its origins .
the whole skull of a bony flatfish [keeps] the twisted and distorted evidence of its origins .

For the Vicar died as a child , who retains his innocence because he has never gained any experience .
for the vicar died as a child , who [keeps] his innocence because he has never gained any experience .

It is little wonder , therefore , that Carmarthen retains so much of its countryside influences .
it is little wonder , therefore , that carmarthen [keeps] so much of its countryside influences .

Laugharne retains the quaint atmosphere and street scenes which have attracted numerous writers over the years and has special ‘ town scheme ’ status within Wales and stringent conservation measures are in force .
laugharne [keeps] the quaint atmosphere and street scenes which have attracted numerous writers over the years and has special ‘ town scheme ’ status within wales and stringent conservation measures are in force .

which retains with pride local customs dating back to its 13th Century Charter .
which [keeps] with pride local customs dating back to its 13th century charter .

The Bible then , retains its contemporary bite . What are the practical purposes it aims to achieve ?
the bible then , [keeps] its contemporary bite . what are the practical purposes it aims to achieve ?

But the moral law of the Old Testament retains eternal validity .
but the moral law of the old testament [keeps] eternal validity .

As a result of this belief Eleanor retains her place as the woman who , above all others , symbolizes the new social and cultural pattern of courtly love .
as a result of this belief eleanor [keeps] her place as the woman who , above all others , symbolizes the new social and cultural pattern of courtly love .

It has a well-defined head with compound eyes and antennae ; a thorax bearing three pairs of legs , the result of fusing together three segments ; and a segmented abdomen which , while it no longer has limbs on each segment , retains little stumps as signs that it once possessed them .
it has a well-defined head with compound eyes and antennae ; a thorax bearing three pairs of legs , the result of fusing together three segments ; and a segmented abdomen which , while it no longer has limbs on each segment , [keeps] little stumps as signs that it once possessed them .

The pectoral fins are now of little use , though the fish still retains them .
the pectoral fins are now of little use , though the fish still [keeps] them .

This traditional country house hotel , set in its own parklands , retains an air of grandeur and elegance .
this traditional country house hotel , set in its own parklands , [keeps] an air of grandeur and elegance .

The `` dress of thought `` metaphor retains some appropriacy but only by virtue of an impression , difficult to justify , that the formal tail is wagging the semantic dog .
the `` dress of thought `` metaphor [keeps] some appropriacy but only by virtue of an impression , difficult to justify , that the formal tail is wagging the semantic dog .

He then asks " how should one recognise authority ? " and answers that " degrees only prove knowledge ; look among those who really love art and literature " , and he goes on to conclude : " The artist , if he really is an artist , possesses absolute value which he can not lose : the man of science , once refuted or superseded , retains no absolute but only an historical importance . "
he then asks " how should one recognise authority ? " and answers that " degrees only prove knowledge ; look among those who really love art and literature " , and he goes on to conclude : " the artist , if he really is an artist , possesses absolute value which he can not lose : the man of science , once refuted or superseded , [keeps] no absolute but only an historical importance . "

Dr Thomas retains his responsibilities as regional coordinator for Asia .
dr thomas [keeps] his responsibilities as regional coordinator for asia .

While the Arts Council may survive as an advisory body , the crucial question is whether it retains a funding role : ‘ The days of the arm 's length principle are gone .
while the arts council may survive as an advisory body , the crucial question is whether it [keeps] a funding role : ‘ the days of the arm 's length principle are gone .

At a cost of $ 6 million ( £3.3 million ) Japanese architect Arata Isozaki is completing the conversion which retains original details such as the building 's cast-iron columns but introduces exciting new features including a pair of grand steel staircases leading to the first floor , a sharply angled flight of stairs linking to a cafeteria in the basement ( this feature will be completed only after the museum closes for a month at the end of August ) , and panels of etched glass which create a soft filter for natural light .
at a cost of $ 6 million ( £3.3 million ) japanese architect arata isozaki is completing the conversion which [keeps] original details such as the building 's cast-iron columns but introduces exciting new features including a pair of grand steel staircases leading to the first floor , a sharply angled flight of stairs linking to a cafeteria in the basement ( this feature will be completed only after the museum closes for a month at the end of august ) , and panels of etched glass which create a soft filter for natural light .

Dr Florin retains a strong commitment to communication and is at present reading up on Eastern Christian icons with a view to writing something on the subject .
dr florin [keeps] a strong commitment to communication and is at present reading up on eastern christian icons with a view to writing something on the subject .

Sotheby 's chairman and largest shareholder is offloading part of his stake in the auction house , but retains overall control
sotheby 's chairman and largest shareholder is offloading part of his stake in the auction house , but [keeps] overall control

Recently the Commission has taken Germany to court because its law relating to the support of its film industry retains the requirement of German nationality when handing out subsidies .
recently the commission has taken germany to court because its law relating to the support of its film industry [keeps] the requirement of german nationality when handing out subsidies .

Wherever the housewife-mother is , she retains the responsibility for the care of her children .
wherever the housewife-mother is , she [keeps] the responsibility for the care of her children .

The housewife retains her control .
the housewife [keeps] her control .

The students have the security of the college behind them but the landlord retains the right of guaranteed vacant possession according to the specific lease with the college .
the students have the security of the college behind them but the landlord [keeps] the right of guaranteed vacant possession according to the specific lease with the college .

Whole milk contains fat , so a better choice that still retains the calcium content is semi-skimmed or skimmed milk .
whole milk contains fat , so a better choice that still [keeps] the calcium content is semi-skimmed or skimmed milk .

In Islam , it symbolizes the bridge between Paradise , the world of men and the world below , and still retains a religious significance that is no longer evident in the West .
in islam , it symbolizes the bridge between paradise , the world of men and the world below , and still [keeps] a religious significance that is no longer evident in the west .

Rich in folklore and stunning scenery , the island is populated by scarcely 40,000 people , and retains a relaxed , friendly aura towards outsiders .
rich in folklore and stunning scenery , the island is populated by scarcely 40,000 people , and [keeps] a relaxed , friendly aura towards outsiders .

Right on the beachfront at gorgeous Blue Bay , the Blue Lagoon is a converted plantation house which retains its yesteryear elegance .
right on the beachfront at gorgeous blue bay , the blue lagoon is a converted plantation house which [keeps] its yesteryear elegance .

The concept of the rural sector being exploited by the urban one retains some potency in such a centralized nation as Japan , and rural resentment at some of the decisions of Japan 's urban-oriented rulers is widespread .
the concept of the rural sector being exploited by the urban one [keeps] some potency in such a centralized nation as japan , and rural resentment at some of the decisions of japan 's urban-oriented rulers is widespread .

In general , the organization that conceives the idea retains the project , unless it is one which clearly falls outside its remit , and carries it through to completion .
in general , the organization that conceives the idea [keeps] the project , unless it is one which clearly falls outside its remit , and carries it through to completion .

What Dicey is saying , and with which Oakeshott would agree , is that the common law system of precedent satisfies the requirements of both continuity and innovation and , more generally , the common law tradition retains the value of political experience .
what dicey is saying , and with which oakeshott would agree , is that the common law system of precedent satisfies the requirements of both continuity and innovation and , more generally , the common law tradition [keeps] the value of political experience .

We extracted from each trial data for an analysis by intention to treat — that is , an analysis that retains all individuals within the group to which they were randomised , regardless of compliance .
we extracted from each trial data for an analysis by intention to treat — that is , an analysis that [keeps] all individuals within the group to which they were randomised , regardless of compliance .

At the other end of the scale are what can be called ‘ sensitised district health authorities ’ such as Tower Hamlets or South East London Commissioning Agency , where the district health authority retains all the strength of combined purchasing power but seeks to maximise general practitioners ' participation in decisions about what is commissioned .
at the other end of the scale are what can be called ‘ sensitised district health authorities ’ such as tower hamlets or south east london commissioning agency , where the district health authority [keeps] all the strength of combined purchasing power but seeks to maximise general practitioners ' participation in decisions about what is commissioned .

The community mental handicap team ( a title it retains , although its members do not describe their clients as handicapped ) has more than 10 years ' experience of providing such innovative care to a mainly rural and home based population .
the community mental handicap team ( a title it [keeps] , although its members do not describe their clients as handicapped ) has more than 10 years ' experience of providing such innovative care to a mainly rural and home based population .

Only a religion which retains mass adherence can provide legitimacy .
only a religion which [keeps] mass adherence can provide legitimacy .

Hence the idea of democracy , or of popular power , however much and however easily it is abused and exploited , still retains a radical potential .
hence the idea of democracy , or of popular power , however much and however easily it is abused and exploited , still [keeps] a radical potential .

( d ) Although all other common law powers are abolished , section 17 ( 6 ) retains the common law power of entry to deal with or prevent a breach of the peace .
( d ) although all other common law powers are abolished , section 17 ( 6 ) [keeps] the common law power of entry to deal with or prevent a breach of the peace .

The education authority retains overall responsibility for the conduct of education in its area and , to that extent , is ultimately responsible for the Compact .
the education authority [keeps] overall responsibility for the conduct of education in its area and , to that extent , is ultimately responsible for the compact .

The education authority retains overall responsibility for the conduct of education in its area and , to that extent , is ultimately responsible for the Compact .
the education authority [keeps] overall responsibility for the conduct of education in its area and , to that extent , is ultimately responsible for the compact .

Which is your city of the 90's ? Paris , because it retains its poetry in the face of all odds .
which is your city of the 90's ? paris , because it [keeps] its poetry in the face of all odds .

Central government retains some direct powers in relation to the police .
central government [keeps] some direct powers in relation to the police .

The Secretary of State indicates the level of community charge deemed necessary for each local authority to provide an acceptable standard of local services , He also retains the power to limit the level of community charge in a manner akin to the former ‘ rate-capping ’ powers .
the secretary of state indicates the level of community charge deemed necessary for each local authority to provide an acceptable standard of local services , he also [keeps] the power to limit the level of community charge in a manner akin to the former ‘ rate-capping ’ powers .

‘ Sunshine Of Your Love ’ from the same era , is tight , and retains much of the feel of the original .
‘ sunshine of your love ’ from the same era , is tight , and [keeps] much of the feel of the original .

He still retains a 2.2 % stake in the business .
he still [keeps] a 2.2 % stake in the business .

Poole is the closest that the diocese gets to a city ( Salisbury itself , though technically a city , retains the air of a comfortable market town ) but it is really a string of suburbs — suburbs in which thrive those evangelical and charismatic parishes that are so alarming to the decent Dorset traditionalist .
poole is the closest that the diocese gets to a city ( salisbury itself , though technically a city , [keeps] the air of a comfortable market town ) but it is really a string of suburbs — suburbs in which thrive those evangelical and charismatic parishes that are so alarming to the decent dorset traditionalist .

An old and convivial haunt which has undergone a number of recent changes but outwardly at least still retains much of its fishing port atmosphere .
an old and convivial haunt which has undergone a number of recent changes but outwardly at least still [keeps] much of its fishing port atmosphere .

Designed with the shell of the old smiddy and adjoining cottages , the inn retains something of the original atmosphere .
designed with the shell of the old smiddy and adjoining cottages , the inn [keeps] something of the original atmosphere .

Leith , the ancient port of Edinburgh and , until 1920 , a separate town , retains a distinct and salty identity of its own .
leith , the ancient port of edinburgh and , until 1920 , a separate town , [keeps] a distinct and salty identity of its own .

It retains the font from the old priory church and the bell is thought to have come from the priory refectory .
it [keeps] the font from the old priory church and the bell is thought to have come from the priory refectory .

The mounds are clearly distinguishable and surrounded by the remains of a moat which still retains water .
the mounds are clearly distinguishable and surrounded by the remains of a moat which still [keeps] water .

This is the site of the beginning of the Louth to Tetney Navigation Canal , which was completed in 1770 and still retains something of its former atmosphere because of the presence of some mellow old warehouses .
this is the site of the beginning of the louth to tetney navigation canal , which was completed in 1770 and still [keeps] something of its former atmosphere because of the presence of some mellow old warehouses .

Woodhall Spar retains its air of tranquility and graciousness .
woodhall spar [keeps] its air of tranquility and graciousness .

The first is the chancel screen which retains two sections of the original oak arcading .
the first is the chancel screen which [keeps] two sections of the original oak arcading .

It is interesting to note , that while the connected individual may , once the stipulated six month period has expired , deal in the relevant shares ( notwithstanding the fact that the information still retains its unpublished price sensitive character ) , the tippee is prevented from dealing in those shares on the basis of the same information until the proscribed information has lost its unpublished price sensitive quality .
it is interesting to note , that while the connected individual may , once the stipulated six month period has expired , deal in the relevant shares ( notwithstanding the fact that the information still [keeps] its unpublished price sensitive character ) , the tippee is prevented from dealing in those shares on the basis of the same information until the proscribed information has lost its unpublished price sensitive quality .

It retains much of its old-world charms but a newer half of town offers all modern amenities .
it [keeps] much of its old-world charms but a newer half of town offers all modern amenities .

This beautiful hotel , situated across a busy road from the fine shingle beach , retains the atmosphere and style of its origins as a 17th century summer residence .
this beautiful hotel , situated across a busy road from the fine shingle beach , [keeps] the atmosphere and style of its origins as a 17th century summer residence .

The Mediterraneo retains the graceful charm of a private summer residence .
the mediterraneo [keeps] the graceful charm of a private summer residence .

Set in a beautiful garden , this was once a private villa and retains a homely atmosphere .
set in a beautiful garden , this was once a private villa and [keeps] a homely atmosphere .

Ficulle is a small town with ancient origins , which still retains some of its medieval walls and watchtowers dating back to the 13th century .
ficulle is a small town with ancient origins , which still [keeps] some of its medieval walls and watchtowers dating back to the 13th century .

This article proposes an organisational model for integrating primary and secondary care which retains the advantages of fundholding while giving management control over overall strategy .
this article proposes an organisational model for integrating primary and secondary care which [keeps] the advantages of fundholding while giving management control over overall strategy .

In her densely argued and complex paper , Hodge points out that one can distinguish between the subject , a notion with ontological and metaphysical commitments , and subjectivity , an empiricist notion ( developed , for example , by Hume ) which retains its epistemological function while abandoning its ontological links .
in her densely argued and complex paper , hodge points out that one can distinguish between the subject , a notion with ontological and metaphysical commitments , and subjectivity , an empiricist notion ( developed , for example , by hume ) which [keeps] its epistemological function while abandoning its ontological links .

Up to the moment that the contract is made , or more accurately is to take effect , the agent retains both his status as a person and whatever rights this entails , including the right to make a contract .
up to the moment that the contract is made , or more accurately is to take effect , the agent [keeps] both his status as a person and whatever rights this entails , including the right to make a contract .

Furthermore , most people under hypnosis do not lose their moral conscience , and their ego ideal retains some critical functions which both the person in love may not retain and which people in crowds may also lose .
furthermore , most people under hypnosis do not lose their moral conscience , and their ego ideal [keeps] some critical functions which both the person in love may not retain and which people in crowds may also lose .

The important point for the purposes of the argument being developed here is that although Freud may have been mistaken in his biology , the notion of the death instincts retains a usefulness which is missed by critics who reject the notion on the basis of ethological and biological evidence .
the important point for the purposes of the argument being developed here is that although freud may have been mistaken in his biology , the notion of the death instincts [keeps] a usefulness which is missed by critics who reject the notion on the basis of ethological and biological evidence .

Despite the structure of the proposal — where the with-profits fund retains a mutual structure , analysts say the deal is effectively a demutualisation because it opens the door to eventual takeover .
despite the structure of the proposal — where the with-profits fund [keeps] a mutual structure , analysts say the deal is effectively a demutualisation because it opens the door to eventual takeover .

Foresters ' Hall In a letter from Councillor Mrs. Brereton to Mrs. Burden of Juniper Green Primary School 's Board she states that she will do her utmost to ensure that the site retains its present planning use .
foresters ' hall in a letter from councillor mrs. brereton to mrs. burden of juniper green primary school 's board she states that she will do her utmost to ensure that the site [keeps] its present planning use .

Further expansion followed in the 19th & 20th centuries , and Edinburgh retains a rich architectural heritage within what is still a compact city of some 500,000 people .
further expansion followed in the 19th & 20th centuries , and edinburgh [keeps] a rich architectural heritage within what is still a compact city of some 500,000 people .

At the same time New College retains its historic links with the Church of Scotland and the Reformed tradition .
at the same time new college [keeps] its historic links with the church of scotland and the reformed tradition .

Yet , despite the rapid growth of these more recent subjects , history retains its traditional importance in higher education , since its social , cultural , economic and political concerns provide us with an interdisciplinary approach to problems that includes the perspectives and many of the methods of the various social sciences , yet also seeks to establish a broader , overall assessment of the issues it examines .
yet , despite the rapid growth of these more recent subjects , history [keeps] its traditional importance in higher education , since its social , cultural , economic and political concerns provide us with an interdisciplinary approach to problems that includes the perspectives and many of the methods of the various social sciences , yet also seeks to establish a broader , overall assessment of the issues it examines .

In such ways the party retains ultimate control over appointments , transfers , promotions and discipline .
in such ways the party [keeps] ultimate control over appointments , transfers , promotions and discipline .

The fine Byzantine church was considerably restored in the nineteenth century , but retains its original character .
the fine byzantine church was considerably restored in the nineteenth century , but [keeps] its original character .

Characteristic are those at Miletos , a large theatre seating over 15,000 spectators , Ephesos with a seating capacity of 24,000 and Perge which retains some of its marble thrones and parts of its richly sculptured scene building .
characteristic are those at miletos , a large theatre seating over 15,000 spectators , ephesos with a seating capacity of 24,000 and perge which [keeps] some of its marble thrones and parts of its richly sculptured scene building .

Retains all sources .
[keeps] all sources .

Although ‘ Hot Hot Hot ’ , the other failure , retains the manic absurdity , it offers little in the way of additional entertainment .
although ‘ hot hot hot ’ , the other failure , [keeps] the manic absurdity , it offers little in the way of additional entertainment .

Yet , Kochan continues , if it was not a guide to what happened after 1917 , it retains its importance as a dynamic diagnosis of the weakness of Tsarism and the force required to overthrow it .
yet , kochan continues , if it was not a guide to what happened after 1917 , it [keeps] its importance as a dynamic diagnosis of the weakness of tsarism and the force required to overthrow it .

The Republic , which retains membership of the Commonwealth , is a one-party state with an executive President .
the republic , which [keeps] membership of the commonwealth , is a one-party state with an executive president .

Although Denmark retains responsibility for foreign affairs , the judiciary and the monetary system of the Faroe Islands , the islands have their own government ( Landsstyret or Landsstyrid ) which is responsible for internal affairs , including fisheries .
although denmark [keeps] responsibility for foreign affairs , the judiciary and the monetary system of the faroe islands , the islands have their own government ( landsstyret or landsstyrid ) which is responsible for internal affairs , including fisheries .

The monarch , currently Queen Beatrix , retains largely formal prerogatives , exercising executive authority through the Council of Ministers .
the monarch , currently queen beatrix , [keeps] largely formal prerogatives , exercising executive authority through the council of ministers .

The famous St. Ursula winery at Bingen-am-Rhein in Germany produces this attractive blend of wine and natural waters that retains the typical Germanic style .
the famous st. ursula winery at bingen-am-rhein in germany produces this attractive blend of wine and natural waters that [keeps] the typical germanic style .

Providing the teacher retains an open mind , an extraordinary drama can evolve from this .
providing the teacher [keeps] an open mind , an extraordinary drama can evolve from this .

The time based structure retains an element of flexibility in that the fee will be more of an estimate than a fixed price quotation .
the time based structure [keeps] an element of flexibility in that the fee will be more of an estimate than a fixed price quotation .

The approach to independent valuations seeks to ensure that the valuer retains an impartial stance , since , in these circumstances , he will usually be acting as an expert resolving the position between two or more parties .
the approach to independent valuations seeks to ensure that the valuer [keeps] an impartial stance , since , in these circumstances , he will usually be acting as an expert resolving the position between two or more parties .

Security for the Loan — All lenders will require the borrower to mortgage the house to them — this means that the legal title to the property is assigned to the lender , however , the borrower still retains the right to live there .
security for the loan — all lenders will require the borrower to mortgage the house to them — this means that the legal title to the property is assigned to the lender , however , the borrower still [keeps] the right to live there .

The system still retains many of the elements put in place in 1947 .
the system still [keeps] many of the elements put in place in 1947 .

Only left half forward Niall Guiden retains the position he occupied against Donegal in the league final replay .
only left half forward niall guiden [keeps] the position he occupied against donegal in the league final replay .

The school is situated in the Garden District of Santa Cruz ( pop 195,000 ) , a city of contrasts which retains much of its colonial charm and is only a short drive away from the nightlife of the resort of Puerto de la Cruz .
the school is situated in the garden district of santa cruz ( pop 195,000 ) , a city of contrasts which [keeps] much of its colonial charm and is only a short drive away from the nightlife of the resort of puerto de la cruz .

Grey areas are the ( much smaller ) ranges of points between the core areas , and any post falling in a grey area retains its current grade ( at least initially ) .
grey areas are the ( much smaller ) ranges of points between the core areas , and any post falling in a grey area [keeps] its current grade ( at least initially ) .

to paint or repair , will not amount to giving him possession provided the seller retains control over the goods .
to paint or repair , will not amount to giving him possession provided the seller [keeps] control over the goods .

If the buyer retains the goods for more than a reasonable length of time without informing the seller that he rejects them .
if the buyer [keeps] the goods for more than a reasonable length of time without informing the seller that he rejects them .

It still costs you nothing to use , but the author retains copyright to the package .
it still costs you nothing to use , but the author [keeps] copyright to the package .

Hodder has published Lord Archer since Kane and Abel in 1979 — he had previously been published by Cape — and has all his fiction in print in Coronet paperback ; contrary to rumour , Coronet retains this backlist .
hodder has published lord archer since kane and abel in 1979 — he had previously been published by cape — and has all his fiction in print in coronet paperback ; contrary to rumour , coronet [keeps] this backlist .

The eastern end of Norwich Cathedral ( 298 and 299 ) is one of the few English examples which retains the apsidal termination — in this case , tri-apsidal .
the eastern end of norwich cathedral ( 298 and 299 ) is one of the few english examples which [keeps] the apsidal termination — in this case , tri-apsidal .

Apart from wartime damage , Worms Cathedral is the least altered of the three in that it retains its Romanesque plan and general layout ( 323 ) .
apart from wartime damage , worms cathedral is the least altered of the three in that it [keeps] its romanesque plan and general layout ( 323 ) .

The remainder ( except for parts devastated by war and now being renewed ) retains its Romanesque characteristics and is accessible and attractively sited amongst the trees in a park ( 321 ) .
the remainder ( except for parts devastated by war and now being renewed ) [keeps] its romanesque characteristics and is accessible and attractively sited amongst the trees in a park ( 321 ) .

Restored , it is in good condition and retains its later , eighteenth century furniture and wall paintings .
restored , it is in good condition and [keeps] its later , eighteenth century furniture and wall paintings .

Probably the finest surviving instance of a fortified town is at Rothenburg-ob-der-Tauber , which still retains its picturesque walls and towers .
probably the finest surviving instance of a fortified town is at rothenburg-ob-der-tauber , which still [keeps] its picturesque walls and towers .

It retains many of its late Medieval buildings and much of the atmosphere of a town of this period .
it [keeps] many of its late medieval buildings and much of the atmosphere of a town of this period .

Though it has been altered in later periods , it retains some Gothic features .
though it has been altered in later periods , it [keeps] some gothic features .

Tábor retains its late Medieval aspect best in the market square and castle .
tábor [keeps] its late medieval aspect best in the market square and castle .

It is a large cathedral and its interior retains a Medieval sense of spirituality .
it is a large cathedral and its interior [keeps] a medieval sense of spirituality .

Despite so much rebuilding , Turku Cathedral , like that at Trondheim , retains its Medieval character as well as a national one .
despite so much rebuilding , turku cathedral , like that at trondheim , [keeps] its medieval character as well as a national one .

The exterior still retains its Medieval appearance .
the exterior still [keeps] its medieval appearance .

Despite later additions of classical chapels and high altar , the Riddarholm Church retains a strong Medieval atmosphere with its wide , low , quadripartite vault and fine , arched nave arcade .
despite later additions of classical chapels and high altar , the riddarholm church [keeps] a strong medieval atmosphere with its wide , low , quadripartite vault and fine , arched nave arcade .

As in Finland , in country areas , Sweden retains some small but beautifully painted churches .
as in finland , in country areas , sweden [keeps] some small but beautifully painted churches .

It is very much a cathedral of one building operation and retains a Medieval impression despite the mechanical quality of its restoration .
it is very much a cathedral of one building operation and [keeps] a medieval impression despite the mechanical quality of its restoration .

Instead of trying out just one hypothesis at a time , a breadth-first approach retains a number of possible hypotheses .
instead of trying out just one hypothesis at a time , a breadth-first approach [keeps] a number of possible hypotheses .

At the end of the day , however , we must ensure that the House retains control of public expenditure .
at the end of the day , however , we must ensure that the house [keeps] control of public expenditure .

It provides the greatest area of enclosed water , retains the operational use of Cardiff dock and provides the greatest opportunity for waterside development and water-related recreational uses .
it provides the greatest area of enclosed water , [keeps] the operational use of cardiff dock and provides the greatest opportunity for waterside development and water-related recreational uses .

The Cambrian coast retains some loco-hauled trains , two on summer Saturdays .
the cambrian coast [keeps] some loco-hauled trains , two on summer saturdays .

Language still retains a referential function but it also adds something .
language still [keeps] a referential function but it also adds something .

if he does not signify his approval or acceptance to the seller but retains the goods without giving notice of rejection , then if a time has been fixed for the return of the goods , on expiration of that time and , if no time has been fixed , on the expiration of a reasonable time . ’
if he does not signify his approval or acceptance to the seller but [keeps] the goods without giving notice of rejection , then if a time has been fixed for the return of the goods , on expiration of that time and , if no time has been fixed , on the expiration of a reasonable time . ’

We have seen that section 25 of the Sale of Goods Act and section 9 of the Factors Act typically apply where a seller lets his buyer take possession but retains property ( title to the goods ) until the buyer pays the price .
we have seen that section 25 of the sale of goods act and section 9 of the factors act typically apply where a seller lets his buyer take possession but [keeps] property ( title to the goods ) until the buyer pays the price .

The theory behind the sections is that , if an owner of goods agrees to sell them to someone and retains title but nevertheless lets the buyer have possession , that owner must bear the consequences ( i.e .
the theory behind the sections is that , if an owner of goods agrees to sell them to someone and [keeps] title but nevertheless lets the buyer have possession , that owner must bear the consequences ( i.e .

In constructing the curve of cumulative frequency by weight the abscissa retains its size scaling .
in constructing the curve of cumulative frequency by weight the abscissa [keeps] its size scaling .

If a grain or cement retains its form during alteration it is sometimes very difficult to determine when that alteration took place , unless it can be linked to other dissolution/replacement phases .
if a grain or cement [keeps] its form during alteration it is sometimes very difficult to determine when that alteration took place , unless it can be linked to other dissolution/replacement phases .

But Northern Ireland retains a largely selective system , with 88 % of its secondary pupils in secondary intermediate schools , and 12 % in grammar secondary schools ( Government Statistical Service , 1989 , Table 18 ) .
but northern ireland [keeps] a largely selective system , with 88 % of its secondary pupils in secondary intermediate schools , and 12 % in grammar secondary schools ( government statistical service , 1989 , table 18 ) .

At the same time for most structuralist theorists , literature still retains its distinctiveness through its peculiar linguistic awareness — a premise which , again , depends on a relatively complex theory of language .
at the same time for most structuralist theorists , literature still [keeps] its distinctiveness through its peculiar linguistic awareness — a premise which , again , depends on a relatively complex theory of language .

As suggested above , what Community law seems to require national courts positively to do is to identify an organisational function and then to ascertain whether control of that function has been transferred from one person to another in such a way that the function retains its operational structure .
as suggested above , what community law seems to require national courts positively to do is to identify an organisational function and then to ascertain whether control of that function has been transferred from one person to another in such a way that the function [keeps] its operational structure .

Vacant the inside of the Pumping Station and hand over to the Engineer the righ to allocate access periods during hte Mechanical/Electrical installation ( Note : — In all other respects the Main Contractor still retains responsiblity )
vacant the inside of the pumping station and hand over to the engineer the righ to allocate access periods during hte mechanical/electrical installation ( note : — in all other respects the main contractor still [keeps] responsiblity )

Although Denmark retains responsibility for the Faroe Islands in respect of foreign affairs , defence , the judiciary and the monetary system , the islands have their own government ( Landsstyret or Landsstryrid ) which is responsible for internal affairs , including fisheries .
although denmark [keeps] responsibility for the faroe islands in respect of foreign affairs , defence , the judiciary and the monetary system , the islands have their own government ( landsstyret or landsstryrid ) which is responsible for internal affairs , including fisheries .

Paasio also stated that `` the reference to Germany as a possible aggressor contained in the [ 1948 ] Treaty of Friendship , Co-operation and Mutual Assistance between Finland and the Soviet Union [ see p. 9228 ] reflects values … which no longer prevail `` , although the essential content of the treaty `` retains its significance `` .
paasio also stated that `` the reference to germany as a possible aggressor contained in the [ 1948 ] treaty of friendship , co-operation and mutual assistance between finland and the soviet union [ see p. 9228 ] reflects values … which no longer prevail `` , although the essential content of the treaty `` [keeps] its significance `` .

The monarch retains largely formal prerogatives , exercising executive authority through the Council of Ministers .
the monarch [keeps] largely formal prerogatives , exercising executive authority through the council of ministers .

The Kingdom of Sweden is a parliamentary democracy in which the monarch retains purely ceremonial functions as head of state and takes no active part in government .
the kingdom of sweden is a parliamentary democracy in which the monarch [keeps] purely ceremonial functions as head of state and takes no active part in government .

The system retains the principle of funding from general taxation , with treatment largely free at the point of use , and not on the ability to pay .
the system [keeps] the principle of funding from general taxation , with treatment largely free at the point of use , and not on the ability to pay .

Misunderstandings have sometimes arisen from an unwarrantable belief that title deeds are sacrosanct documents , whereas the truth is that neither a conveyance nor a land certificate retains its value if the landowner is so indifferent as to lose physical control of his land .
misunderstandings have sometimes arisen from an unwarrantable belief that title deeds are sacrosanct documents , whereas the truth is that neither a conveyance nor a land certificate [keeps] its value if the landowner is so indifferent as to lose physical control of his land .

For example , if the accused obtains ownership through deception but the owner retains possession or control , he will commit theft when he assumes the rights of the owner .
for example , if the accused obtains ownership through deception but the owner [keeps] possession or control , he will commit theft when he assumes the rights of the owner .

Similarly , if the accused obtains the thing by deception through inducing a mistaken belief in the mind of the victim but ownership is not transferred because of the type of mistake , the victim retains an interest within s.5 ( 1 ) and accordingly the property can be stolen by the accused 's appropriation .
similarly , if the accused obtains the thing by deception through inducing a mistaken belief in the mind of the victim but ownership is not transferred because of the type of mistake , the victim [keeps] an interest within s.5 ( 1 ) and accordingly the property can be stolen by the accused 's appropriation .

However , she still retains a trademark in the numerous quotes and sources of thought she incorporates into the text , providing ammunition from scholarly sources in proving her point , even if it means twisting what they say to fit her point of view .
however , she still [keeps] a trademark in the numerous quotes and sources of thought she incorporates into the text , providing ammunition from scholarly sources in proving her point , even if it means twisting what they say to fit her point of view .

Following the displacement by the Dutch of the original English settlers , the Dutch language became the official and `` high `` variety in Surinam and retains that status to this day .
following the displacement by the dutch of the original english settlers , the dutch language became the official and `` high `` variety in surinam and [keeps] that status to this day .

( b ) The landlord lets part of a building but retains other parts such as a common staircase .
( b ) the landlord lets part of a building but [keeps] other parts such as a common staircase .

( c ) Where a landowner licenses a person to use premises and the owner has a right to enter on the premises to do repairs , the owner retains control and is the occupier .
( c ) where a landowner licenses a person to use premises and the owner has a right to enter on the premises to do repairs , the owner [keeps] control and is the occupier .

The appropriate minister retains complete discretion whether or not to refer a merger to the Commission , and whether or not to accept any recommendation .
the appropriate minister [keeps] complete discretion whether or not to refer a merger to the commission , and whether or not to accept any recommendation .

Nonetheless the narrator retains about 50 lines out of 450 , and if , as is likely , the form of drama here is that which requires only one actor , shifting his voice to declaim all the lines , perhaps miming the actions and reactions of the characters , then the narrator 's voice has to be a distinct presence in the performance of the text .
nonetheless the narrator [keeps] about 50 lines out of 450 , and if , as is likely , the form of drama here is that which requires only one actor , shifting his voice to declaim all the lines , perhaps miming the actions and reactions of the characters , then the narrator 's voice has to be a distinct presence in the performance of the text .

Raw produce retains the vitamins and minerals destroyed by cooking and food processing .
raw produce [keeps] the vitamins and minerals destroyed by cooking and food processing .

When this has been achieved , the learner has reached a state of `` infantilisation `` , which is to say he retains all of his previously acquired knowledge but becomes more open , spontaneous , and creative .
when this has been achieved , the learner has reached a state of `` infantilisation `` , which is to say he [keeps] all of his previously acquired knowledge but becomes more open , spontaneous , and creative .

With the appointments the board retains a quorum , and Mr James is looking for two more members for the team .
with the appointments the board [keeps] a quorum , and mr james is looking for two more members for the team .

Where other kings and queens have adjusted to the spirit of the age , installed in some suburban villa , pedalling a bicycle around town , the House of Windsor retains palaces , massive estates and considerable influence .
where other kings and queens have adjusted to the spirit of the age , installed in some suburban villa , pedalling a bicycle around town , the house of windsor [keeps] palaces , massive estates and considerable influence .

Most importantly , it retains mystery .
most importantly , it [keeps] mystery .

She retains the power to appoint the prime minister , although this is usually pretty straightforward , involving an invitation to the leader of the largest party .
she [keeps] the power to appoint the prime minister , although this is usually pretty straightforward , involving an invitation to the leader of the largest party .

He still retains an affection for the place , perhaps because it was there that he first encountered the inspiring sight of human beings at odds with , and frequently overcoming , an unpromising environment .
he still [keeps] an affection for the place , perhaps because it was there that he first encountered the inspiring sight of human beings at odds with , and frequently overcoming , an unpromising environment .

The Governor has effectively given up control of the Bermudian police to the local government , though he still retains the right to be consulted .
the governor has effectively given up control of the bermudian police to the local government , though he still [keeps] the right to be consulted .

Election 1992 : Ousted Chalker retains post
election 1992 : ousted chalker [keeps] post

He sells or retains as he thinks fit .
he sells or [keeps] as he thinks fit .

The Public Trustee 's office therefore continues to discharge the work it retains , though the volume of this work is still declining , and the administration of the office was in 1988 combined with that of the Official Solicitor .
the public trustee 's office therefore continues to discharge the work it [keeps] , though the volume of this work is still declining , and the administration of the office was in 1988 combined with that of the official solicitor .

The salt retains the extracted moisture , thus inhibiting the growth of bacteria which require moisture to flourish in the food .
the salt [keeps] the extracted moisture , thus inhibiting the growth of bacteria which require moisture to flourish in the food .

For this means that ‘ the community perpetually retains a supreme power of saving themselves from … their legislators , whenever they shall be so foolish , or so wicked , as to lay and carry on designs against the [ ir ] liberties and properties ’ .
for this means that ‘ the community perpetually [keeps] a supreme power of saving themselves from … their legislators , whenever they shall be so foolish , or so wicked , as to lay and carry on designs against the [ ir ] liberties and properties ’ .

There is , he says , ‘ a rerum natura , and the distinction between realities and chimeras retains its full force — [ even though ] they both equally exist in the mind , and in that sense are alike ideas ’ .
there is , he says , ‘ a rerum natura , and the distinction between realities and chimeras [keeps] its full force — [ even though ] they both equally exist in the mind , and in that sense are alike ideas ’ .

Inside , the Hall retains most of its original panelling .
inside , the hall [keeps] most of its original panelling .

He retains the influence , if not the constitutional power , of a feudal monarch , has little time for Dr Mahathir and is related by marriage to the leader of Semangat '46 .
he [keeps] the influence , if not the constitutional power , of a feudal monarch , has little time for dr mahathir and is related by marriage to the leader of semangat '46 .

Only five members of the Sabah family are now in the cabinet , instead of seven , but the family ( especially the crown prince 's branch ) retains the top jobs : prime minister , foreign affairs , defence and interior .
only five members of the sabah family are now in the cabinet , instead of seven , but the family ( especially the crown prince 's branch ) [keeps] the top jobs : prime minister , foreign affairs , defence and interior .

Nothing in European life , even in Albania , retains that capacity to shock , even to shock people who have never left West Cumberland in their lives .
nothing in european life , even in albania , [keeps] that capacity to shock , even to shock people who have never left west cumberland in their lives .

Former owner David Stoddart , who also bred Party Politics , decided to sell the gelding — a move largely influenced by the fact that he retains a five-year-old half-brother , who is the last from the family .
former owner david stoddart , who also bred party politics , decided to sell the gelding — a move largely influenced by the fact that he [keeps] a five-year-old half-brother , who is the last from the family .

Both banks have their own lawyers , while Mirror Group also retains a firm .
both banks have their own lawyers , while mirror group also [keeps] a firm .

Both banks have their own lawyers , while Mirror Group also retains a firm .
both banks have their own lawyers , while mirror group also [keeps] a firm .

Though unarguably a large property — with 11 bedrooms , three staff cottages and a gate lodge — Stackallan retains the atmosphere of a family house .
though unarguably a large property — with 11 bedrooms , three staff cottages and a gate lodge — stackallan [keeps] the atmosphere of a family house .

The species is preserved in relief in limestone , which is very fine grained , and retains many fine details .
the species is preserved in relief in limestone , which is very fine grained , and [keeps] many fine details .

Often referred to as the ‘ Crossroads of East and West ’ , modern-day Tunisia retains the influence of Carthaginian and French conquest mingled with the native Islamic culture .
often referred to as the ‘ crossroads of east and west ’ , modern-day tunisia [keeps] the influence of carthaginian and french conquest mingled with the native islamic culture .

Yet in spite of this , away from the front it still retains a small Italian town atmosphere with cobbled streets and attractive red roofed buildings .
yet in spite of this , away from the front it still [keeps] a small italian town atmosphere with cobbled streets and attractive red roofed buildings .

This is particularly noticeable on the machair , which usually retains its bare winter appearance till the end of May , and those who wish to see it at its best should wait until mid-June or even July .
this is particularly noticeable on the machair , which usually [keeps] its bare winter appearance till the end of may , and those who wish to see it at its best should wait until mid-june or even july .

Finally a framework which stretches back to distant school days but which retains its validity is that your presentation must have a clear beginning , a middle and an end .
finally a framework which stretches back to distant school days but which [keeps] its validity is that your presentation must have a clear beginning , a middle and an end .

The pottery retains the atmosphere of a family business : the exclusive designs are hand-glazed with meticulous care , in colours that are themselves hand-mixed .
the pottery [keeps] the atmosphere of a family business : the exclusive designs are hand-glazed with meticulous care , in colours that are themselves hand-mixed .

The core of the house is a 15th-century hall , which retains the plan of the screens passage that divided the open hall from the service areas of buttery and pantry .
the core of the house is a 15th-century hall , which [keeps] the plan of the screens passage that divided the open hall from the service areas of buttery and pantry .

However , the rhythm of body temperature generally retains its regular 25 hour period .
however , the rhythm of body temperature generally [keeps] its regular 25 hour period .

It retains a five-speed gearbox : the 959 had six speeds .
it [keeps] a five-speed gearbox : the 959 had six speeds .

Although the loss of the original front is regrettable , the present facade is in accord with the general architectural character of the street and retains original late-Georgian features , such as its sashes with glazing bars .
although the loss of the original front is regrettable , the present facade is in accord with the general architectural character of the street and [keeps] original late-georgian features , such as its sashes with glazing bars .

For example , the gorgeous blue poppies , though by no means lime-haters , will always colour better in acid conditions and need soil which has been enriched with leaf mould and retains its moisture .
for example , the gorgeous blue poppies , though by no means lime-haters , will always colour better in acid conditions and need soil which has been enriched with leaf mould and [keeps] its moisture .

possess any secret official code word , or password , or sketch , plan , model , article , note , document or information which relates to or is used in a prohibited place or anything in such a place , or which has been made or obtained in contravention of this Act , or which has been entrusted in confidence to him by any person holding office under Her Majesty or which he has obtained or to which he has had access owing to his position as a person who is or has been employed under a person who holds or has held such an office or contract — [ and who ] ( a ) communicates the code word , pass word , sketch , plan , model , article , note , document , or information to any person other than a person to whom he is authorised to communicate it , or a person to whom it is in the interest of the State his duty to communicate it , or ( aa ) uses the information in his possession for the benefit of any foreign power or in any other manner prejudicial to the safety or interests of the State , or ( b ) retains the sketch , plan , model , article , note , or document in his possession or control when he has no right to retain it or when it is contrary to his duty to retain it , or fails to comply with all directions issued by lawful authority with regard to the return or disposal thereof , or …
possess any secret official code word , or password , or sketch , plan , model , article , note , document or information which relates to or is used in a prohibited place or anything in such a place , or which has been made or obtained in contravention of this act , or which has been entrusted in confidence to him by any person holding office under her majesty or which he has obtained or to which he has had access owing to his position as a person who is or has been employed under a person who holds or has held such an office or contract — [ and who ] ( a ) communicates the code word , pass word , sketch , plan , model , article , note , document , or information to any person other than a person to whom he is authorised to communicate it , or a person to whom it is in the interest of the state his duty to communicate it , or ( aa ) uses the information in his possession for the benefit of any foreign power or in any other manner prejudicial to the safety or interests of the state , or ( b ) [keeps] the sketch , plan , model , article , note , or document in his possession or control when he has no right to retain it or when it is contrary to his duty to retain it , or fails to comply with all directions issued by lawful authority with regard to the return or disposal thereof , or …

The Bertagni fresh pasta from Fine Italian Foods comes in controlled atmosphere packaging which , the company says , retains the texture of the pasta and prevents it from sticking together .
the bertagni fresh pasta from fine italian foods comes in controlled atmosphere packaging which , the company says , [keeps] the texture of the pasta and prevents it from sticking together .

Providing he retains control ( which he has so far succeeded in doing ) , he can play the media and not be affected by the media 's idiosyncrasy .
providing he [keeps] control ( which he has so far succeeded in doing ) , he can play the media and not be affected by the media 's idiosyncrasy .

There is not limit to how often a shoe can be resoled or repaired , provided it retains support from the upper and midsole .
there is not limit to how often a shoe can be resoled or repaired , provided it [keeps] support from the upper and midsole .

Pau retains a circle of Anglophiles who cherish the British connection and speak of it with affectionate admiration — not the most widespread of French responses to us .
pau [keeps] a circle of anglophiles who cherish the british connection and speak of it with affectionate admiration — not the most widespread of french responses to us .

Only 5 miles north of Oxford , Kidlington belies its modern appearance for it once was an ancient settlement , and in some quiet corners , it still retains vestiges of a village past .
only 5 miles north of oxford , kidlington belies its modern appearance for it once was an ancient settlement , and in some quiet corners , it still [keeps] vestiges of a village past .

Perhaps , the most appealing factor of a duvet is its apparent lightness which also retains a great deal of warmth .
perhaps , the most appealing factor of a duvet is its apparent lightness which also [keeps] a great deal of warmth .

Of course , each German state retains the right to self-determination , but it can be only exercised in the context of other norms and principles of international law .
of course , each german state [keeps] the right to self-determination , but it can be only exercised in the context of other norms and principles of international law .

The transmission uses the existing gearbox and gear lever , and retains the exposed gate operating via an electrically controlled clutch that regulates the speed of the change via the position of the accelerator pedal .
the transmission uses the existing gearbox and gear lever , and [keeps] the exposed gate operating via an electrically controlled clutch that regulates the speed of the change via the position of the accelerator pedal .

It is a structure essentially tribal in Pakistan , caste-based in India , which , though distorted several times over by a changing economy , still retains some of its concepts ( including that of the position of women ) in their original form .
it is a structure essentially tribal in pakistan , caste-based in india , which , though distorted several times over by a changing economy , still [keeps] some of its concepts ( including that of the position of women ) in their original form .

against Lukács ) [ … ] retains all its force today ’ ( p. 53 ) .
against lukács ) [ … ] [keeps] all its force today ’ ( p. 53 ) .

Nevertheless , cinema ultimately retains a relative autonomy in Levin 's tribute .
nevertheless , cinema ultimately [keeps] a relative autonomy in levin 's tribute .

Today it retains much of its charm and is a lively place full of good restaurants , cafés and pubs .
today it [keeps] much of its charm and is a lively place full of good restaurants , cafés and pubs .

‘ Burnt Norton ’ retains many links with Eliot 's earlier poetry .
‘ burnt norton ’ [keeps] many links with eliot 's earlier poetry .

But the final juxtaposition , and the final breakthrough to illumination and an absolute religious certainty , comes about through a direct confrontation between the savage and the city , which proved shocking to the original audiences and retains some of its power to shock today .
but the final juxtaposition , and the final breakthrough to illumination and an absolute religious certainty , comes about through a direct confrontation between the savage and the city , which proved shocking to the original audiences and [keeps] some of its power to shock today .

Branagh 's version retains a Chorus — Derek Jacobi in voice-over or in twentieth-century mufti ( greatcoat and scarf ) , sometimes even sharing the frame with the action — though arguably the camera can be trusted to set the scene unaided .
branagh 's version [keeps] a chorus — derek jacobi in voice-over or in twentieth-century mufti ( greatcoat and scarf ) , sometimes even sharing the frame with the action — though arguably the camera can be trusted to set the scene unaided .

The belief that negative images in the media reinforce particular ideas about ‘ races ’ is still pervasive and retains currency on a popular , common-sense level .
the belief that negative images in the media reinforce particular ideas about ‘ races ’ is still pervasive and [keeps] currency on a popular , common-sense level .

In a lecture he delivered on the fringe of last year 's Conservative Party conference , Mr Lawson said : ‘ While economic failure will most certainly drive a government out of office , economic success alone will not ensure that it retains office .
in a lecture he delivered on the fringe of last year 's conservative party conference , mr lawson said : ‘ while economic failure will most certainly drive a government out of office , economic success alone will not ensure that it [keeps] office .

Even in crimes of violence which leave some permanent physical disfigurement or psychological effects , the victim retains his or her life and , therefore , the possibility of further pleasures and achievements , whereas death is final .
even in crimes of violence which leave some permanent physical disfigurement or psychological effects , the victim [keeps] his or her life and , therefore , the possibility of further pleasures and achievements , whereas death is final .

Power-assisted steering is speed related but retains ‘ feel ’ , is easy to handle and pleasant to use .
power-assisted steering is speed related but [keeps] ‘ feel ’ , is easy to handle and pleasant to use .

The new Shogun comfortably retains its place in the market , and bargain prices will continue to be hard to find .
the new shogun comfortably [keeps] its place in the market , and bargain prices will continue to be hard to find .

The old eight-valve , four-cylinder 115 bhp engine still retains a quiet refinement , revs willingly and pulls away with a clean pick-up .
the old eight-valve , four-cylinder 115 bhp engine still [keeps] a quiet refinement , revs willingly and pulls away with a clean pick-up .

Despite extensive use of electronics elsewhere , the dashboard retains the familiar analogue tractometer .
despite extensive use of electronics elsewhere , the dashboard [keeps] the familiar analogue tractometer .

They prefer a well-drained , sunny site which retains moisture during the summer months .
they prefer a well-drained , sunny site which [keeps] moisture during the summer months .

Dry seed in an envelope in an airtight container ( the plastic drums that spray-dried milk is sold in are excellent ) and kept in a cool place , retains its viability well enough .
dry seed in an envelope in an airtight container ( the plastic drums that spray-dried milk is sold in are excellent ) and kept in a cool place , [keeps] its viability well enough .

In this context it is essential that the buyer retains the initiative , to end up with the products , materials and levels of service needed by the organisation and not those which the supplier wishes to provide .
in this context it is essential that the buyer [keeps] the initiative , to end up with the products , materials and levels of service needed by the organisation and not those which the supplier wishes to provide .

Particularly while the affluent , Conservative-dominated South-East grows increasingly apart from the rest of the country , yet retains control over the language and ideology of most of its media , a sense of separateness and of the need for separate forms is likely to result elsewhere .
particularly while the affluent , conservative-dominated south-east grows increasingly apart from the rest of the country , yet [keeps] control over the language and ideology of most of its media , a sense of separateness and of the need for separate forms is likely to result elsewhere .

In the '70s , the family enjoyed a number of hits on Stax and , while Pop retains a firm belief in the efficacy of prayer , he continues to wrap his social and spiritual concerns in the funkiest of backbeats .
in the '70s , the family enjoyed a number of hits on stax and , while pop [keeps] a firm belief in the efficacy of prayer , he continues to wrap his social and spiritual concerns in the funkiest of backbeats .

This Rainbow Quest gelding seemed to lose his way after earning a rating of 82 in his first three races last season , but his 10-length victory over Smiling Chief at Lingfield showed he retains plenty of ability .
this rainbow quest gelding seemed to lose his way after earning a rating of 82 in his first three races last season , but his 10-length victory over smiling chief at lingfield showed he [keeps] plenty of ability .

Chen Xinhua , the English champion retains his No 2 spot behind Prean , but the gap has narrowed to 44 points .
chen xinhua , the english champion [keeps] his no 2 spot behind prean , but the gap has narrowed to 44 points .

It may be more of Home Guard proportions these days , but it retains its enthusiasm .
it may be more of home guard proportions these days , but it [keeps] its enthusiasm .

One benefit of this over similar units is that the groove retains the semi-circular wedge , so it is hard to separate this moveable part from the nut .
one benefit of this over similar units is that the groove [keeps] the semi-circular wedge , so it is hard to separate this moveable part from the nut .

The strictly geometrical pattern of dance is still very important if the musical score retains a traditional structure .
the strictly geometrical pattern of dance is still very important if the musical score [keeps] a traditional structure .

Leonard retains title .
leonard [keeps] title .

Overall , the conversion successfully retains much of the mill 's charm .
overall , the conversion successfully [keeps] much of the mill 's charm .

This still retains the name and reputedly made use of some of the stonework from the mill itself .
this still [keeps] the name and reputedly made use of some of the stonework from the mill itself .

Inside , the three-storey mill retains much of its equipment , which is of a fairly conventional layout .
inside , the three-storey mill [keeps] much of its equipment , which is of a fairly conventional layout .

Externally , much of the building retains its 19th century heritage , although it now houses the sophisticated roller mill system installed in 1976/77 .
externally , much of the building [keeps] its 19th century heritage , although it now houses the sophisticated roller mill system installed in 1976/77 .

The mill is of conventional layout , of three floors plus attic configuration , and still retains much of its machinery .
the mill is of conventional layout , of three floors plus attic configuration , and still [keeps] much of its machinery .

It still retains all its working parts and would require only minimum repairs to put it into full working order .
it still [keeps] all its working parts and would require only minimum repairs to put it into full working order .

Blockley Mill , further downstream , has also lost its wheel , although it retains the axle and the head and tail races .
blockley mill , further downstream , has also lost its wheel , although it [keeps] the axle and the head and tail races .

This is one of the best preserved in Blockley and retains much of its original equipment .
this is one of the best preserved in blockley and [keeps] much of its original equipment .

The mill house that stands close by was built a little later in 1677 and , like the mill itself , retains many original features .
the mill house that stands close by was built a little later in 1677 and , like the mill itself , [keeps] many original features .

This makes spark plugs affordable but retains the beauty of good lights and starting .
this makes spark plugs affordable but [keeps] the beauty of good lights and starting .

Like the argument concerning the church and slavery , however , it must be remembered that , although priests may have alleviated the lot of a small number , the colonial epoch still retains a place in history which is notorious for the brutality shown to the Indians .
like the argument concerning the church and slavery , however , it must be remembered that , although priests may have alleviated the lot of a small number , the colonial epoch still [keeps] a place in history which is notorious for the brutality shown to the indians .

Also , bear in mind that for the single horse owner a bag of coarse mix will be used up while the feed still retains its value .
also , bear in mind that for the single horse owner a bag of coarse mix will be used up while the feed still [keeps] its value .

Indeed , there was such a degree of integration between the two that even modern Spain retains a powerful element of Orientalism within its cultural makeup .
indeed , there was such a degree of integration between the two that even modern spain [keeps] a powerful element of orientalism within its cultural makeup .

Today it is more likely to carry honeymooning couples to Venice , but it still retains the reputation as the ultimate in stylish travel .
today it is more likely to carry honeymooning couples to venice , but it still [keeps] the reputation as the ultimate in stylish travel .

Today it still has a market as it has done since 1255 and retains its lively and bustling atmosphere .
today it still has a market as it has done since 1255 and [keeps] its lively and bustling atmosphere .

In section 6.4 , we develop a simple model of inflation which incorporates elements of the expectations-augmented Phillips curve : in doing so , we accept the post-Keynesian view that the Phillips curve retains some negative slope in the long-run .
in section 6.4 , we develop a simple model of inflation which incorporates elements of the expectations-augmented phillips curve : in doing so , we accept the post-keynesian view that the phillips curve [keeps] some negative slope in the long-run .

The ‘ button box ’ is , of course , an old favourite and one which retains its fascination and offers endless possibilities for sorting .
the ‘ button box ’ is , of course , an old favourite and one which [keeps] its fascination and offers endless possibilities for sorting .

But any magazine that retains a nonagenarian film critic and a weekly cartoonist who has entered his eighth decade can hardly be said to be immature .
but any magazine that [keeps] a nonagenarian film critic and a weekly cartoonist who has entered his eighth decade can hardly be said to be immature .

Enid Bagnold 's creepy comedy is dated in more subtle ways as well — ‘ She 's behind the escallonia hedge , ’ sounds like a line dropped from a Beatrice Lillie sketch — but , in this strongly cast production , it also retains much of its original charm and piquancy .
enid bagnold 's creepy comedy is dated in more subtle ways as well — ‘ she 's behind the escallonia hedge , ’ sounds like a line dropped from a beatrice lillie sketch — but , in this strongly cast production , it also [keeps] much of its original charm and piquancy .

The main emphasis is now on milk , but it retains a fast rate of growth and the calves weigh 46–50kg at birth .
the main emphasis is now on milk , but it [keeps] a fast rate of growth and the calves weigh 46–50kg at birth .

The town of Charolle , about 100km to the north west of Lyons , is the ancient capital of the old province of Charolais ( note that the cattle breed has a single ‘ l ’ , though the region 's sheep breed retains the double ‘ ll ’ ) .
the town of charolle , about 100km to the north west of lyons , is the ancient capital of the old province of charolais ( note that the cattle breed has a single ‘ l ’ , though the region 's sheep breed [keeps] the double ‘ ll ’ ) .

The mental or spiritual body retains all the potential of the individual for his or her future development .
the mental or spiritual body [keeps] all the potential of the individual for his or her future development .

Perhaps for this reason the topmost stone supposedly retains its own curious powers : it is said that when a cock crows nearby , it turns three times .
perhaps for this reason the topmost stone supposedly [keeps] its own curious powers : it is said that when a cock crows nearby , it turns three times .

Using the Slote method the librarian retains a collection which satisfies a predetermined amount of future use — so that , for instance , he tries to identify the ‘ core ’ which would satisfy 95 % ( or 99 % ) of the present demands made upon the collection .
using the slote method the librarian [keeps] a collection which satisfies a predetermined amount of future use — so that , for instance , he tries to identify the ‘ core ’ which would satisfy 95 % ( or 99 % ) of the present demands made upon the collection .

The librarian normally retains control of the ordering process , and sometimes has complete control over the bookfund .
the librarian normally [keeps] control of the ordering process , and sometimes has complete control over the bookfund .

Alternatively , departments have an allocation , while the library retains a generous contingency fund .
alternatively , departments have an allocation , while the library [keeps] a generous contingency fund .

Possibly it is not too much of an exaggeration to say that the more flexibility your employer retains in framing your job duties , the harder he may find it to argue that you are redundant .
possibly it is not too much of an exaggeration to say that the more flexibility your employer [keeps] in framing your job duties , the harder he may find it to argue that you are redundant .

The resulting class of solutions depends on two arbitrary functions , and retains the same pair of commuting Killing vectors .
the resulting class of solutions depends on two arbitrary functions , and [keeps] the same pair of commuting killing vectors .

Even here , however , the market retains its ‘ open air ’ image , and is separate from the retail outlets that surround it .
even here , however , the market [keeps] its ‘ open air ’ image , and is separate from the retail outlets that surround it .

The delivery note is signed and the driver retains one copy .
the delivery note is signed and the driver [keeps] one copy .

Dating from the 14th century , the house still retains its original great hall , chapel and crypt and has a major exhibition on conservation .
dating from the 14th century , the house still [keeps] its original great hall , chapel and crypt and has a major exhibition on conservation .

Any competitor who wins three consecutive races retains the cup , and in 1986 Terry was one race away from gaining his second cup when he was beaten by a local lad whose legs had given way just twenty yards from the finish the previous year .
any competitor who wins three consecutive races [keeps] the cup , and in 1986 terry was one race away from gaining his second cup when he was beaten by a local lad whose legs had given way just twenty yards from the finish the previous year .

Fitted with two filters together with a dust-bag made from a revolutionary fabric the Airstream 's unique filtration system retains 99.9 per cent of all the dust it sucks up .
fitted with two filters together with a dust-bag made from a revolutionary fabric the airstream 's unique filtration system [keeps] 99.9 per cent of all the dust it sucks up .

The composition of the garden flora changes from year to year , but it retains its characteristic of high , though contrived , plant diversity , which coupled with structural diversity , is often cited as a cause of complexity .
the composition of the garden flora changes from year to year , but it [keeps] its characteristic of high , though contrived , plant diversity , which coupled with structural diversity , is often cited as a cause of complexity .

Everyone , however conditioned by family and society , still retains the dignity and freedom given by God , of exercising their own will and choosing good or evil .
everyone , however conditioned by family and society , still [keeps] the dignity and freedom given by god , of exercising their own will and choosing good or evil .

Delegation is not abrogation and the person who delegates retains accountability and therefore must be in ultimate control at all stages of the job .
delegation is not abrogation and the person who delegates [keeps] accountability and therefore must be in ultimate control at all stages of the job .

The abolition of commodity production therefore presupposes the development of a system which retains the technical division of labour combined with associated social labour .
the abolition of commodity production therefore presupposes the development of a system which [keeps] the technical division of labour combined with associated social labour .

Egerton Grey was built in the 19th century as a rectory and , thanks to the Pitkins ' assiduous antique collecting , it retains the appearance of a Victorian private house .
egerton grey was built in the 19th century as a rectory and , thanks to the pitkins ' assiduous antique collecting , it [keeps] the appearance of a victorian private house .

Longer , wider , lower than current Supra , the new car retains aggression of previous car — but do n't expect that rear wing
longer , wider , lower than current supra , the new car [keeps] aggression of previous car — but do n't expect that rear wing

The Carina Xi retains central locking and power assisted steering .
the carina xi [keeps] central locking and power assisted steering .

In the human home , the tame cat retains its infant vocalizations right through into adulthood and improves on them in the process .
in the human home , the tame cat [keeps] its infant vocalizations right through into adulthood and improves on them in the process .

Each planner obtains and retains information in his own way .
each planner obtains and [keeps] information in his own way .

It has a social dimension , which the Hebrew word for peace ( Shalom ) retains .
it has a social dimension , which the hebrew word for peace ( shalom ) [keeps] .

But capital spending retains its own intrinsic importance .
but capital spending [keeps] its own intrinsic importance .

It retains the same numerical value ( while changing its sign ) if the other category in a dichotomy is chosen as the base for comparison .
it [keeps] the same numerical value ( while changing its sign ) if the other category in a dichotomy is chosen as the base for comparison .

A 450-year-old Palladio villa retains its beauty , despite peeling plaster and mossy stonework ( perhaps it even looks more enchanting ) .
a 450-year-old palladio villa [keeps] its beauty , despite peeling plaster and mossy stonework ( perhaps it even looks more enchanting ) .

The particular past that Lincoln cultivates retains its ability to surprise and to make us take notice .
the particular past that lincoln cultivates [keeps] its ability to surprise and to make us take notice .

Amazingly , the island retains its Greek character .
amazingly , the island [keeps] its greek character .

The small center still retains vestiges of its heritage as a fishing village , but modern hotels and apartments have been built on the outskirts .
the small center still [keeps] vestiges of its heritage as a fishing village , but modern hotels and apartments have been built on the outskirts .

The capital of Paros , Parikia , serves the port , and although it is extremely busy throughout the peak season , it still retains the feel of a Greek town .
the capital of paros , parikia , serves the port , and although it is extremely busy throughout the peak season , it still [keeps] the feel of a greek town .

At its heart is a Venetian kastro that still retains original dwelling houses along its interior walls .
at its heart is a venetian kastro that still [keeps] original dwelling houses along its interior walls .

The highlight here is Mannings School ( built in 1738 ) , which still retains its original colonial-style wooden buildings .
the highlight here is mannings school ( built in 1738 ) , which still [keeps] its original colonial-style wooden buildings .

Fortunately , the Lake District retains its beauty in all types of weather , and in all seasons .
fortunately , the lake district [keeps] its beauty in all types of weather , and in all seasons .

Festivals and Folklore Despite increasing urbanization and social change , Japanese society retains its small , closely knit communities strongly dependent on Shinto gods to ensure good harvests for survival .
festivals and folklore despite increasing urbanization and social change , japanese society [keeps] its small , closely knit communities strongly dependent on shinto gods to ensure good harvests for survival .

Piazza della Signoria to Piazza Santa Croce Flanked by some of the city ’ s most stylish fashion boutiques and shoe stores , the quarter ’ s main street retains the commercial tradition of its medieval name , Via de ’ Calzaiuoli ( stocking- and shoe-makers ) .
piazza della signoria to piazza santa croce flanked by some of the city ’ s most stylish fashion boutiques and shoe stores , the quarter ’ s main street [keeps] the commercial tradition of its medieval name , via de ’ calzaiuoli ( stocking- and shoe-makers ) .

Lake Como ( Lago di Como ) Embraced by green wooded escarpments and backed by snow-capped Alps , the lake favored by some of England ’ s most romantic 19th-century poets — Words­worth , Shelley , and Byron — retains a certain wistful atmosphere for the leisure hours of the Milanese ( it ’ s less than an hour from Milan by train or car ) .
lake como ( lago di como ) embraced by green wooded escarpments and backed by snow-capped alps , the lake favored by some of england ’ s most romantic 19th-century poets — words­worth , shelley , and byron — [keeps] a certain wistful atmosphere for the leisure hours of the milanese ( it ’ s less than an hour from milan by train or car ) .

Surrounded on three sides by ravines above the sea , the pretty tree-shaded resort of Sorrento still retains something of its old-fashioned air , and is still the most popular and best logistic base for boat and car excursions along the coast and peninsula .
surrounded on three sides by ravines above the sea , the pretty tree-shaded resort of sorrento still [keeps] something of its old-fashioned air , and is still the most popular and best logistic base for boat and car excursions along the coast and peninsula .

Renewed pride in France ’ s provincial cities is reducing this trend , but Paris retains its aura of superiority — and its lack of a distinctive cuisine .
renewed pride in france ’ s provincial cities is reducing this trend , but paris [keeps] its aura of superiority — and its lack of a distinctive cuisine .

The whole area retains some of the village feel , with a slow pace of life , a variety of street performers , and pleasant cafés .
the whole area [keeps] some of the village feel , with a slow pace of life , a variety of street performers , and pleasant cafés .

Across the main square , the town hall , in spite of having been modernized , retains a pair of splendid 15th- to 16th-century Manueline windows .
across the main square , the town hall , in spite of having been modernized , [keeps] a pair of splendid 15th- to 16th-century manueline windows .

The Can Bordils on carrer Almudaina retains its Gothic architecture ; Can Oms , at number 7 , is an 18th-century noble house with one of Palma ’ s finest patios .
the can bordils on carrer almudaina [keeps] its gothic architecture ; can oms , at number 7 , is an 18th-century noble house with one of palma ’ s finest patios .

Two more outsized rose windows illuminate the transept ; the northern window retains most of its 13th-century glass .
two more outsized rose windows illuminate the transept ; the northern window [keeps] most of its 13th-century glass .

Straight as a rod , it slopes down to the place de la Concorde through a lovely parade of chestnut trees , the object of careful replanting to ensure that the avenue retains its elegant beauty .
straight as a rod , it slopes down to the place de la concorde through a lovely parade of chestnut trees , the object of careful replanting to ensure that the avenue [keeps] its elegant beauty .

The settlement is growing due to its popularity , and a new marina is taking shape , but it still retains the feel of its origins as a fishing village .
the settlement is growing due to its popularity , and a new marina is taking shape , but it still [keeps] the feel of its origins as a fishing village .

Of the 13th-century capital , Marco Polo wrote that “ the whole interior of the city is laid out in squares like a chessboard with such masterly precision that no description can do justice to it ” — a pattern Beijing retains to this day .
of the 13th-century capital , marco polo wrote that “ the whole interior of the city is laid out in squares like a chessboard with such masterly precision that no description can do justice to it ” — a pattern beijing [keeps] to this day .

The main walking district , the cobblestone Daoli Old Town , bordered by Stalin Park , retains much of Harbin ’ s Russian heritage in its onion-domed architecture .
the main walking district , the cobblestone daoli old town , bordered by stalin park , [keeps] much of harbin ’ s russian heritage in its onion-domed architecture .

Even today , silk still retains its significance in the local economy .
even today , silk still [keeps] its significance in the local economy .

It has no original works of artesanía of its own , but it still retains its historical identity as a trading port .
it has no original works of artesanía of its own , but it still [keeps] its historical identity as a trading port .

Each of the three provinces retains its own distinctive character .
each of the three provinces [keeps] its own distinctive character .

The region retains a sleepy medieval air .
the region [keeps] a sleepy medieval air .

The Romans also built a bridge over the River Tâmega , which is still in use and retains its ancient milestone .
the romans also built a bridge over the river tâmega , which is still in use and [keeps] its ancient milestone .

Though Lagos town still retains a good part of its original walls — most of them from the 16th century , but part-Roman in places — they have been rebuilt and expanded over the centuries .
though lagos town still [keeps] a good part of its original walls — most of them from the 16th century , but part-roman in places — they have been rebuilt and expanded over the centuries .

In its jolly , well-restored state , only one of the market stalls dates as far back as 1867 , but the market retains much of its 19th-century atmosphere .
in its jolly , well-restored state , only one of the market stalls dates as far back as 1867 , but the market [keeps] much of its 19th-century atmosphere .

Newfoundland ’ s capital and largest city retains the simple allure of the fishing port it has always been , and the picturesque harbor is the place to begin .
newfoundland ’ s capital and largest city [keeps] the simple allure of the fishing port it has always been , and the picturesque harbor is the place to begin .

It retains this ability in modern times , even though the structure was never finished .
it [keeps] this ability in modern times , even though the structure was never finished .

Under the Ottomans it held the main market and despite the great amount of archaeological excavation that has taken place since the 1820s , it still retains the atmosphere of an oriental bazaar .
under the ottomans it held the main market and despite the great amount of archaeological excavation that has taken place since the 1820s , it still [keeps] the atmosphere of an oriental bazaar .

The beach here is less attractive than those at neighboring Luz or Salema , but the small village retains its easygoing character .
the beach here is less attractive than those at neighboring luz or salema , but the small village [keeps] its easygoing character .

Though Lagos town still retains a good part of its original walls — most of them from the 16th century , but part-Roman in places — they have been rebuilt and expanded over the centuries .
though lagos town still [keeps] a good part of its original walls — most of them from the 16th century , but part-roman in places — they have been rebuilt and expanded over the centuries .

A haven for deposed European royalty in the first half of this century , it retains a jet-set image , with Victorian villas and modern mansions .
a haven for deposed european royalty in the first half of this century , it [keeps] a jet-set image , with victorian villas and modern mansions .

Sarrià retains the feel of a small Catalan town , while the atmosphere of Pedralbes is patrician — residential villas with gardens and the city ’ s most expensive real estate .
sarrià [keeps] the feel of a small catalan town , while the atmosphere of pedralbes is patrician — residential villas with gardens and the city ’ s most expensive real estate .

Strategies to Consider To build an organization that attracts and retains talent , the CFO and senior executives could :
strategies to consider to build an organization that attracts and [keeps] talent , the cfo and senior executives could :

Australia is an independent nation and retains constitutional links with Queen Elizabeth II of Great Britain who is Queen of Australia .
australia is an independent nation and [keeps] constitutional links with queen elizabeth ii of great britain who is queen of australia .

However , IDPA retains most of the responsibility for administering Medicaid .
however , idpa [keeps] most of the responsibility for administering medicaid .

The Customs Service retains an amount equal to the estimated cost of collecting these duties , including all costs of operations in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and an allocation of overhead ; it transfers the remainder to the Treasury , which , in turn , transfers the collections to Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands .
the customs service [keeps] an amount equal to the estimated cost of collecting these duties , including all costs of operations in puerto rico and the virgin islands and an allocation of overhead ; it transfers the remainder to the treasury , which , in turn , transfers the collections to puerto rico or the virgin islands .

The actual procedure for reimbursement , whereby Customs retains an amount equal to the estimated cost , is simpler but equivalent in substance .
the actual procedure for reimbursement , whereby customs [keeps] an amount equal to the estimated cost , is simpler but equivalent in substance .

A smart buyer is one who retains an inhouse staff who understands the organization 's mission , its requirements , and its customer needs , and who can translate those needs and requirements into corporate direction .
a smart buyer is one who [keeps] an inhouse staff who understands the organization 's mission , its requirements , and its customer needs , and who can translate those needs and requirements into corporate direction .

A smart buyer also retains the requisite capabilities and technical knowledge to lead and conduct teaming activities , accurately define the technical services needed , recognize value during the acquisition of such technical services , and evaluate the quality of services ultimately provided .
a smart buyer also [keeps] the requisite capabilities and technical knowledge to lead and conduct teaming activities , accurately define the technical services needed , recognize value during the acquisition of such technical services , and evaluate the quality of services ultimately provided .

As long as the owner retains the inhouse capabilities to operate as a smart buyer of facilities , there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broad range of design reviewrelated functions , so long as such functions are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace .
as long as the owner [keeps] the inhouse capabilities to operate as a smart buyer of facilities , there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broad range of design reviewrelated functions , so long as such functions are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace .

Under this approach , the owner typically retains responsibility for managing all preconstruction A/E services , and therefore must address all interface issues between service providers .
under this approach , the owner typically [keeps] responsibility for managing all preconstruction a/e services , and therefore must address all interface issues between service providers .

A smart buyer is one who retains the requisite technical knowledge to accurately define the technical services needed , recognizes value during the acquisition of such technical services , and can evaluate the quality of services ultimately provided .
a smart buyer is one who [keeps] the requisite technical knowledge to accurately define the technical services needed , recognizes value during the acquisition of such technical services , and can evaluate the quality of services ultimately provided .

A smart buyer is one who retains an inhouse staff that understands the organization 's mission , its requirements , and its customer needs and who can translate those needs and requirements into a corporate or strategic direction .
a smart buyer is one who [keeps] an inhouse staff that understands the organization 's mission , its requirements , and its customer needs and who can translate those needs and requirements into a corporate or strategic direction .

A smart buyer also retains an inhouse staff that includes technical experts who can articulate the nature of technical services being bought , recognize good value during the negotiation of such services , and evaluate the quality of the services as they are provided .
a smart buyer also [keeps] an inhouse staff that includes technical experts who can articulate the nature of technical services being bought , recognize good value during the negotiation of such services , and evaluate the quality of the services as they are provided .

The Clear Skies Act retains existing Title IV requirements until the new requirements take effect .
the clear skies act [keeps] existing title iv requirements until the new requirements take effect .

This section also retains the requirements in the existing Section 412 concerning the use of substitute data when emission data from a CEMS or an approved alternative monitoring system are not available during any period and the owner or operator can not provide information , satisfactory to the Administrator , on emissions during that period .
this section also [keeps] the requirements in the existing section 412 concerning the use of substitute data when emission data from a cems or an approved alternative monitoring system are not available during any period and the owner or operator can not provide information , satisfactory to the administrator , on emissions during that period .

Part B. Sulfur Dioxide Emission Reductions Subpart 1 of Part B retains the requirements of the existing Acid Rain Program , with a few relatively minor changes , through December 31 , 2009 .
part b. sulfur dioxide emission reductions subpart 1 of part b [keeps] the requirements of the existing acid rain program , with a few relatively minor changes , through december 31 , 2009 .

Part C. Nitrogen Oxides Allowance Program Subpart 1 of Part C retains the requirements , until 2008 , of the existing Acid Rain Program for nitrogen oxides reduction .
part c. nitrogen oxides allowance program subpart 1 of part c [keeps] the requirements , until 2008 , of the existing acid rain program for nitrogen oxides reduction .

The Administrator retains the authority to address any non-mercury hazardous air pollutants from electricity generating units in accordance with the regime set forth under the existing residual risk authority provisions of Section 112 ( f ) ( 2 ) through ( 4 ) .
the administrator [keeps] the authority to address any non-mercury hazardous air pollutants from electricity generating units in accordance with the regime set forth under the existing residual risk authority provisions of section 112 ( f ) ( 2 ) through ( 4 ) .

This emergent function of the new gene pair does not fit comfortably into any of the scenarios outlined above : both genes are functional yet neither retains the original function , nor has the original function been partitioned .
this emergent function of the new gene pair does not fit comfortably into any of the scenarios outlined above : both genes are functional yet neither [keeps] the original function , nor has the original function been partitioned .

At age 51 , South retains the body tension of a US Marine of 30 , but the Christian fascist ideology of his more physical early career has been tempered by a philosophical acquiescence to his and others ' weaknesses .
at age 51 , south [keeps] the body tension of a us marine of 30 , but the christian fascist ideology of his more physical early career has been tempered by a philosophical acquiescence to his and others ' weaknesses .

Our favorite characteristic is that one retains an interesting psychedelic ideation on MDA , rather then the feeling-oriented , but rather idealess thinking of MDM ( A ) .
our favorite characteristic is that one [keeps] an interesting psychedelic ideation on mda , rather then the feeling-oriented , but rather idealess thinking of mdm ( a ) .

In the book , what goes through Septimus ' head retains its power to startle -- not so much for what he remembers as for how his remembrances color the present and pierce its surface like an X-ray .
in the book , what goes through septimus ' head [keeps] its power to startle -- not so much for what he remembers as for how his remembrances color the present and pierce its surface like an x-ray .

The social content of the play -- its `` indictment '' of the values of American capitalism and consumerism ( as they say in 10 th -grade English ) -- retains something of its currency .
the social content of the play -- its `` indictment '' of the values of american capitalism and consumerism ( as they say in 10 th -grade english ) -- [keeps] something of its currency .

She also retains a sense of humor about her plight -- these days , she jokes , she can make any small company famous by wearing its logo on a baseball cap .
she also [keeps] a sense of humor about her plight -- these days , she jokes , she can make any small company famous by wearing its logo on a baseball cap .

Dissenters say the movie retains Grisham 's shallow moralizing and is unworthy of Coppola 's talents .
dissenters say the movie [keeps] grisham 's shallow moralizing and is unworthy of coppola 's talents .

The SCMP said , `` Only Hong Kong retains its diverse , free media ; but even Hong Kong has not escaped criticism from some mainland officials and Beijing supporters who think it the duty of journalists to act as propaganda agents for Government . ''
the scmp said , `` only hong kong [keeps] its diverse , free media ; but even hong kong has not escaped criticism from some mainland officials and beijing supporters who think it the duty of journalists to act as propaganda agents for government . ''

As Bonfire demonstrated , the form retains great vitality and has the potential to reach a vast , underserved audience .
as bonfire demonstrated , the form [keeps] great vitality and has the potential to reach a vast , underserved audience .

Through the rest we get Lewis ' sensitive transcriptions of `` a booming hick drawl , '' culminating in a contrast to Jim Barksdale , who , we are told , has escaped hickdom -- he `` retains only enough of the piney woods patter to offer a passing imitation of a good ol ' boy when he needs to . ''
through the rest we get lewis ' sensitive transcriptions of `` a booming hick drawl , '' culminating in a contrast to jim barksdale , who , we are told , has escaped hickdom -- he `` [keeps] only enough of the piney woods patter to offer a passing imitation of a good ol ' boy when he needs to . ''

The fabric has severe weaknesses , as I found out from testing a Wickers brand long sleeve T-shirt made of pure polypropylene ( $ 17.99 ) : 1 ) Polypropylene retains odor ( just trust me on this ) .
the fabric has severe weaknesses , as i found out from testing a wickers brand long sleeve t-shirt made of pure polypropylene ( $ 17.99 ) : 1 ) polypropylene [keeps] odor ( just trust me on this ) .

Although Bush retains his lead in New Hampshire , John McCain has gained ground .
although bush [keeps] his lead in new hampshire , john mccain has gained ground .

Watching Princess Mononoke -- which has been dubbed to Disney/Miramax specifications by American and English stars but retains its two-hour-plus length , its gory beheadings , and its grim , near-apocalyptic finale -- you can understand their worship .
watching princess mononoke -- which has been dubbed to disney/miramax specifications by american and english stars but [keeps] its two-hour-plus length , its gory beheadings , and its grim , near-apocalyptic finale -- you can understand their worship .

The actress retains her essential sweetness , but the transformation is otherwise remarkable : Her Lotte is such a mouth breather that she nearly drools , and Diaz manages to look estranged from that lovely body .
the actress [keeps] her essential sweetness , but the transformation is otherwise remarkable : her lotte is such a mouth breather that she nearly drools , and diaz manages to look estranged from that lovely body .

China retains an unhealthy attachment to Mao , argues the cover story .
china [keeps] an unhealthy attachment to mao , argues the cover story .

He retains the right to sleep with other women ; so does she .
he [keeps] the right to sleep with other women ; so does she .

The current Altima retains the original 's basic downcast shape -- which is why those images in the current TV ad are so fleeting .
the current altima [keeps] the original 's basic downcast shape -- which is why those images in the current tv ad are so fleeting .

The picture , however many times you 've seen it , retains its creepy power .
the picture , however many times you 've seen it , [keeps] its creepy power .

As a bonus , Nickles retains a valuable fudge factor in the question of what qualifies as `` a very significant massacre . ''
as a bonus , nickles [keeps] a valuable fudge factor in the question of what qualifies as `` a very significant massacre . ''

Even if it has settled down a bit , Heritage still retains an insurgent mindset .
even if it has settled down a bit , heritage still [keeps] an insurgent mindset .

Options are how the company attracts and retains smart young college graduates with no money and ( most important ) no lives .
options are how the company attracts and [keeps] smart young college graduates with no money and ( most important ) no lives .

As the papers explain , Hashimoto 's party , the Liberal Democrats , retains power , but its loss of control of Parliament 's upper house means other party pols now feel free to maneuver for the LDP leadership and hence for P.M .
as the papers explain , hashimoto 's party , the liberal democrats , [keeps] power , but its loss of control of parliament 's upper house means other party pols now feel free to maneuver for the ldp leadership and hence for p.m .

It will be noted , that the grouping of the numbers differs from country to country : the US retains xxx-xxxx , presumably as a hangover from the old days of telephone name-calling ; in Britain , the ( older ) five-digit and the ( newer ) six-digit numbers are written solid : xxxxx ( x ) ; on the Continent , six-digit numbers are written in sets of two : xx-xx-xx .
it will be noted , that the grouping of the numbers differs from country to country : the us [keeps] xxx-xxxx , presumably as a hangover from the old days of telephone name-calling ; in britain , the ( older ) five-digit and the ( newer ) six-digit numbers are written solid : xxxxx ( x ) ; on the continent , six-digit numbers are written in sets of two : xx-xx-xx .

Notwithstanding the tremendous changes , Kannur City still retains the bad reputation that she got ages ago .
notwithstanding the tremendous changes , kannur city still [keeps] the bad reputation that she got ages ago .

The guild takes many forms now , but it retains much of the Middle Ages , of the ecclesiastical Schoolmen , who gathered together in quasi-monastic “ colleges , ” behind walls that marked them off from the rest of the world ( a phenomenon that in England is still called “ town and gown ” ) .
the guild takes many forms now , but it [keeps] much of the middle ages , of the ecclesiastical schoolmen , who gathered together in quasi-monastic “ colleges , ” behind walls that marked them off from the rest of the world ( a phenomenon that in england is still called “ town and gown ” ) .

The fourth is tatpurusha literally his servant , which is used to describe compounds in which the first element qualifies or determines the second , while the second retains its grammatical independence as a noun , adjective , or participle .
the fourth is tatpurusha literally his servant , which is used to describe compounds in which the first element qualifies or determines the second , while the second [keeps] its grammatical independence as a noun , adjective , or participle .

The dialect selected for American English is General American , that spoken by the largest number of speakers ( those who do not distinguish among Mary , marry , and merry ) ; that selected for British English , as one might expect , RP [ Received Pronunciation ] , “ widely regarded as a model for correct pronunciation ... what is used by BBC news readers ( hence the alternative name , BBC pronunciation ) . ’ As far as the first is concerned , it does not bear the same relationship to American English that RP bears to British English : the pronunciation pattern of the educated speaker in the northeastern US probably retains much of its former status and prestige .
the dialect selected for american english is general american , that spoken by the largest number of speakers ( those who do not distinguish among mary , marry , and merry ) ; that selected for british english , as one might expect , rp [ received pronunciation ] , “ widely regarded as a model for correct pronunciation ... what is used by bbc news readers ( hence the alternative name , bbc pronunciation ) . ’ as far as the first is concerned , it does not bear the same relationship to american english that rp bears to british english : the pronunciation pattern of the educated speaker in the northeastern us probably [keeps] much of its former status and prestige .

As for Burgon , who later in life became Dean of Chichester , he retains a tiny niche in the history of English literature for two immortal lines of poetry he composed in 1845 , much quoted and much admired ever since .
as for burgon , who later in life became dean of chichester , he [keeps] a tiny niche in the history of english literature for two immortal lines of poetry he composed in 1845 , much quoted and much admired ever since .

The text would thus be read shōnen o ( i ) yasu ( ku ) , gaku na ( ri ) gata ( shi ) , which retains the meaning of the original , as much as any translation can .
the text would thus be read shōnen o ( i ) yasu ( ku ) , gaku na ( ri ) gata ( shi ) , which [keeps] the meaning of the original , as much as any translation can .

A Roman street that retains a picturesque name is Via delle Botteghe Oscure ` Street of Dark Shops . '
a roman street that [keeps] a picturesque name is via delle botteghe oscure ` street of dark shops . '

