The small shops `` must be retained , for they provide essential service to the community '' , according to the resolution , which added that they `` also are the source of livelihood for thousands of our neighbors '' .
the small shops `` must be [kept] , for they provide essential service to the community '' , according to the resolution , which added that they `` also are the source of livelihood for thousands of our neighbors '' .

-- The Orioles tonight retained the distinction of being the only winless team among the eighteen Major-League clubs as they dropped their sixth straight spring exhibition decision , this one to the Kansas City Athletics by a score of 5 to 3 .
-- the orioles tonight [kept] the distinction of being the only winless team among the eighteen major-league clubs as they dropped their sixth straight spring exhibition decision , this one to the kansas city athletics by a score of 5 to 3 .

Gov. John M. Dalton , himself a lawyer and a man of long service in government , spoke with rich background and experience when he said in an address here that lawyers ought to quit sitting in the Missouri General Assembly , or quit accepting fees from individuals and corporations who have controversies with or axes to grind with the government and who are retained , not because of their legal talents , but because of their government influence .
gov. john m. dalton , himself a lawyer and a man of long service in government , spoke with rich background and experience when he said in an address here that lawyers ought to quit sitting in the missouri general assembly , or quit accepting fees from individuals and corporations who have controversies with or axes to grind with the government and who are [kept] , not because of their legal talents , but because of their government influence .

Though no longer able to turn out his protoplasmic pen-and-ink sketches ( several old favorites are scattered through the present volume ) Thurber has retained unimpaired his vision of humor as a thing of simple , unaffected humanness .
though no longer able to turn out his protoplasmic pen-and-ink sketches ( several old favorites are scattered through the present volume ) thurber has [kept] unimpaired his vision of humor as a thing of simple , unaffected humanness .

We have a few ' consultants ' -- retired engineers retained and called in on certain problems .
we have a few ' consultants ' -- retired engineers [kept] and called in on certain problems .

As in the United States , there is a flat fee-per-day rental charge plus a few cents per kilometer driven , and the per-day rate drops if the car is retained for a week .
as in the united states , there is a flat fee-per-day rental charge plus a few cents per kilometer driven , and the per-day rate drops if the car is [kept] for a week .

Malocclusion can also result if baby teeth are lost too soon or retained too long .
malocclusion can also result if baby teeth are lost too soon or [kept] too long .

If baby teeth are retained too long , the incoming second teeth may be prevented from emerging at the normal time or may have to erupt in the wrong place .
if baby teeth are [kept] too long , the incoming second teeth may be prevented from emerging at the normal time or may have to erupt in the wrong place .

To their leaders the Constitution was a compact made by the people of sovereign states , who therefore retained the right to secede from it .
to their leaders the constitution was a compact made by the people of sovereign states , who therefore [kept] the right to secede from it .

Hercule Poirot and Lord Peter Whimsey ( the respective creations of Agatha Christie and Dorothy Sayers ) have retained Holmes' egotism but not his zest for life and eccentric habits .
hercule poirot and lord peter whimsey ( the respective creations of agatha christie and dorothy sayers ) have [kept] holmes' egotism but not his zest for life and eccentric habits .

If the existent form is to be retained new factors that reinforce it must be introduced into the situation .
if the existent form is to be [kept] new factors that reinforce it must be introduced into the situation .

To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had .
to you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably [kept] its biblical , or should i say technical sense , and therefore i suppose i must make myself quite clear by saying that i lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before i was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads i had .

Although we have no measures of its strength or intensity , the heritage of the doctrine of inalienable rights is retained .
although we have no measures of its strength or intensity , the heritage of the doctrine of inalienable rights is [kept] .

This tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive .
this tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not [kept] beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive .

It was then distilled at least three times from a trap at -78-degrees to a liquid air trap with only a small middle fraction being retained in each distillation .
it was then distilled at least three times from a trap at -78-degrees to a liquid air trap with only a small middle fraction being [kept] in each distillation .

The mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a Vigreux column , a 25% center cut being retained which was then degassed under vacuum in the presence of Af .
the mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a vigreux column , a 25% center cut being [kept] which was then degassed under vacuum in the presence of af .

The AIMO organizations of both countries , which maintain administrative services throughout the territories , retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information .
the aimo organizations of both countries , which maintain administrative services throughout the territories , [kept] immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information .

Entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased .
entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information [kept] in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased .

Acceptable taste and odor are retained by the irradiated and refrigerated chicken .
acceptable taste and odor are [kept] by the irradiated and refrigerated chicken .

Anita put out the remaining candles with a long snuffer , and in the smell of scented candlewick , the comforting awareness of each other's bodies , the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered , their minds grew numb and then empty of images .
anita put out the remaining candles with a long snuffer , and in the smell of scented candlewick , the comforting awareness of each other's bodies , the [kept] pattern of dancers and guests remembered , their minds grew numb and then empty of images .

He had retained his hat and his horn , and , whatever fun might still be going , he was ready to join it .
he had [kept] his hat and his horn , and , whatever fun might still be going , he was ready to join it .

Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail .
two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in mrs. meeker's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as brian thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be [kept] in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail .

It was a bad night for Labour , they lost twenty one seats and failed to win any … but they retained control of Oxford .
it was a bad night for labour , they lost twenty one seats and failed to win any … but they [kept] control of oxford .

The Transport Secretary , John McGregor , has announced that concessionary railcards for the elderly and young people will be retained after rail privatisation .
the transport secretary , john mcgregor , has announced that concessionary railcards for the elderly and young people will be [kept] after rail privatisation .

They 're retained , or part-time firemen who can be called out to Chipping Norton fire station at any time .
they 're [kept] , or part-time firemen who can be called out to chipping norton fire station at any time .

But he 's a rare breed and the lack of retained firefighters is leading to worrying delays for Oxfordshire 's fire service .
but he 's a rare breed and the lack of [kept] firefighters is leading to worrying delays for oxfordshire 's fire service .

Now the county council has backed a new drive to recruit more retained firefighters , as a matter of urgency .
now the county council has backed a new drive to recruit more [kept] firefighters , as a matter of urgency .

Well we 've retained Hans Nielson erm Martin Dugard and Dean Barker .
well we 've [kept] hans nielson erm martin dugard and dean barker .

What 's it called the , they bought this pig medicine pig retained there trotters and every thing and then it goes any more of the erm dialysis put it , make a pig rock and roll .
what 's it called the , they bought this pig medicine pig [kept] there trotters and every thing and then it goes any more of the erm dialysis put it , make a pig rock and roll .

One possible outcome of the discussions is that manufacturing will be retained at Ayr , which employs 1,000 people , with Galway having only a research and development function .
one possible outcome of the discussions is that manufacturing will be [kept] at ayr , which employs 1,000 people , with galway having only a research and development function .

The spokesman said the union had demanded that Mrs Falconer be retained on her present salary for a further two and half years with early retirement on an enhanced pension at 50 .
the spokesman said the union had demanded that mrs falconer be [kept] on her present salary for a further two and half years with early retirement on an enhanced pension at 50 .

Alternative plans put forward in the Scottish Office consultation document on council reform would result in the region either being retained as a single-tier unit or being divided into two or three councils .
alternative plans put forward in the scottish office consultation document on council reform would result in the region either being [kept] as a single-tier unit or being divided into two or three councils .

He agreed that certain regions , even those as large as Highland could be retained .
he agreed that certain regions , even those as large as highland could be [kept] .

In a letter to the board 's 2,300 dairy farmers , the chairman , Andrew Howie , wrote that it now looked highly unlikely that the Government would accept the proposal for a voluntary co-op which retained its commercial company , Scottish Pride .
in a letter to the board 's 2,300 dairy farmers , the chairman , andrew howie , wrote that it now looked highly unlikely that the government would accept the proposal for a voluntary co-op which [kept] its commercial company , scottish pride .

If the building is turned into a pub the distinctive glass canopy , which dates back to the days when it was a garage , will be retained .
if the building is turned into a pub the distinctive glass canopy , which dates back to the days when it was a garage , will be [kept] .

Coun. Bob Deacon said , however , that a condition of the sale was that 35 parking spaces must be retained .
coun. bob deacon said , however , that a condition of the sale was that 35 parking spaces must be [kept] .

The conference supported his motion calling for regional and district councils to be retained in the Highlands .
the conference supported his motion calling for regional and district councils to be [kept] in the highlands .

Seafield will be retained for another use and outdoor education staff will be redeployed to remaining centres .
seafield will be [kept] for another use and outdoor education staff will be redeployed to remaining centres .

Announcing the move in a Commons written reply , yesterday the Armed Forces Minister , Archie Hamilton , said : ‘ The organisation of army bands has been reviewed in order to ensure that the right numbers of bandsmen , providing music to the high standard expected , are employed in proportion to the army 's total size , and that the important contribution that bands make to the regimental system is retained . ’
announcing the move in a commons written reply , yesterday the armed forces minister , archie hamilton , said : ‘ the organisation of army bands has been reviewed in order to ensure that the right numbers of bandsmen , providing music to the high standard expected , are employed in proportion to the army 's total size , and that the important contribution that bands make to the regimental system is [kept] . ’

Mr Howitt is retained by Strathclyde Regional Council to give weather advice to pilots on the island .
mr howitt is [kept] by strathclyde regional council to give weather advice to pilots on the island .

The vehicle retailing operation , Glenvarigill , is to be retained .
the vehicle retailing operation , glenvarigill , is to be [kept] .

In many cases they already pay out too much in dividends , money which would be better used for investment or at least retained in the business for some useful purpose .
in many cases they already pay out too much in dividends , money which would be better used for investment or at least [kept] in the business for some useful purpose .

These recoveries would , in the normal way , be retained by Names ' underwriting agents to be available to discharge Names ' liabilities to their policyholders .
these recoveries would , in the normal way , be [kept] by names ' underwriting agents to be available to discharge names ' liabilities to their policyholders .

In the case of the Stewartfield development , Glasgow-based architect Geoffrey Reid came up with a design for a building , which , while functioning as a supermarket , retained a considerable amount of character , using traditional Scottish building materials .
in the case of the stewartfield development , glasgow-based architect geoffrey reid came up with a design for a building , which , while functioning as a supermarket , [kept] a considerable amount of character , using traditional scottish building materials .

Despite being without several of their leading players , Edinburgh University retained the British Universities Women 's Team Championship , beating Loughborough 65-56 in the final at Sunderland yesterday .
despite being without several of their leading players , edinburgh university [kept] the british universities women 's team championship , beating loughborough 65-56 in the final at sunderland yesterday .

Michael Dods replaced Appleson and retained his place for the plate match with New Zealand , for which , happily , there was some cloud cover from the blazing sun .
michael dods replaced appleson and [kept] his place for the plate match with new zealand , for which , happily , there was some cloud cover from the blazing sun .

The British Government retained most of the cash , insisting it had taken Rechar allocations into account when determining local authority and development agency budgets .
the british government [kept] most of the cash , insisting it had taken rechar allocations into account when determining local authority and development agency budgets .

Meanwhile , England retained the Dobbing Cup when they defeated Scotland 83-34 in the British Gas-sponsored under-17 schoolgirls international at Musselburgh Sports Centre yesterday .
meanwhile , england [kept] the dobbing cup when they defeated scotland 83-34 in the british gas-sponsored under-17 schoolgirls international at musselburgh sports centre yesterday .

His retirement took him away from the intense glare of publicity but he retained the admiration and affection of those who loved football — and those who knew little about the game but recognised a true gentleman and outstanding sportsman .
his retirement took him away from the intense glare of publicity but he [kept] the admiration and affection of those who loved football — and those who knew little about the game but recognised a true gentleman and outstanding sportsman .

Co-driven once again by Alan Hill , Miles has retained his sponsorship from Davids of Ripon with extra support from Knaresborough Tyre Services and Mintex .
co-driven once again by alan hill , miles has [kept] his sponsorship from davids of ripon with extra support from knaresborough tyre services and mintex .

We are assured that both MPs retained a smiling dignity throughout .
we are assured that both mps [kept] a smiling dignity throughout .

Industrial dissent may be simmering in the orchestra pit , but the musicians played well enough under their musical director , Robert Dean , who replaced Nicholas McGegan but retained his forthright ( and occasionally cavalier ) approach to tempo and dynamics .
industrial dissent may be simmering in the orchestra pit , but the musicians played well enough under their musical director , robert dean , who replaced nicholas mcgegan but [kept] his forthright ( and occasionally cavalier ) approach to tempo and dynamics .

’ She says she tried to keep changes to a minimum — no more than ten words in any one book — and retained words like Boche because they are not as inflammatory as nigger .
’ she says she tried to keep changes to a minimum — no more than ten words in any one book — and [kept] words like boche because they are not as inflammatory as nigger .

The review would take away large areas covered by Buckley and Prestatyn retained fire stations .
the review would take away large areas covered by buckley and prestatyn [kept] fire stations .

Because it is calculated that a retained crew might take four minutes to get to the station the computer calculated other stations could respond quicker .
because it is calculated that a [kept] crew might take four minutes to get to the station the computer calculated other stations could respond quicker .

Lewis , who runs a martial arts centre in Toxteth , recently retained his Europa Cup title in Italy .
lewis , who runs a martial arts centre in toxteth , recently [kept] his europa cup title in italy .

The ink was hardly dry on his contract as Sheikh Mohammed 's retained rider before the envious knocking began .
the ink was hardly dry on his contract as sheikh mohammed 's [kept] rider before the envious knocking began .

As much of the original structure as possible has been retained , with the Crypt being used as a very pleasant snack bar , and the old Cloisters for exhibitions and displays .
as much of the original structure as possible has been [kept] , with the crypt being used as a very pleasant snack bar , and the old cloisters for exhibitions and displays .

It is quite evident that the majority feel that Medau Blue should be retained for use on special occasions thought you are not nearly so favourably disposed to wearing it in class — at least in its present form !
it is quite evident that the majority feel that medau blue should be [kept] for use on special occasions thought you are not nearly so favourably disposed to wearing it in class — at least in its present form !

It also shows that regardless of all her suffering she has retained some of her charm and kind personality .
it also shows that regardless of all her suffering she has [kept] some of her charm and kind personality .

Reserves and provisions in Table 7.7 refer to investment income and realised capital gains that have been retained for reimbursement .
reserves and provisions in table 7.7 refer to investment income and realised capital gains that have been [kept] for reimbursement .

In 1961 , 78 per cent of corporate business investment was financed by retained earnings .
in 1961 , 78 per cent of corporate business investment was financed by [kept] earnings .

Companies in the countries which were accumulating rapidly were investing much more than their retained profits — borrowing the rest from the banks or money market .
companies in the countries which were accumulating rapidly were investing much more than their [kept] profits — borrowing the rest from the banks or money market .

Money for the repair of existing footpaths which are to be be retained , landscaping and street lighting would have to be sought from other sources .
money for the repair of existing footpaths which are to be be [kept] , landscaping and street lighting would have to be sought from other sources .

‘ In 10 years ’ time Cammell Laird could be closed and yards in France and Spain could be on the crest of a wave because they retained their shipbuilding capacity . ’
‘ in 10 years ’ time cammell laird could be closed and yards in france and spain could be on the crest of a wave because they [kept] their shipbuilding capacity . ’

Coun Carr said members retained their reservations about the City Challenge .
coun carr said members [kept] their reservations about the city challenge .

Mr Stuart Bell retained Middlesbrough with a 1.86pc swing ; Mr Frank Cook , Stockton North with 1.5pc ; and Mr Peter Mandelson , Hartlepool with 1.22pc .
mr stuart bell [kept] middlesbrough with a 1.86pc swing ; mr frank cook , stockton north with 1.5pc ; and mr peter mandelson , hartlepool with 1.22pc .

Lessons retained :
lessons [kept] :

All coarse fishermen return the fish to the water almost immediately , unless they are involved in competition , when the fish are retained for a matter of hours in specially designed nets .
all coarse fishermen return the fish to the water almost immediately , unless they are involved in competition , when the fish are [kept] for a matter of hours in specially designed nets .

He had also clocked up 34 years as a retained firefighter when he retired from that job two years ago .
he had also clocked up 34 years as a [kept] firefighter when he retired from that job two years ago .

Blackhall have retained the lively Colwyn Cort as their pro and are further strengthened by the return of John Darby from Tudhoe and spinner Brian Lewins from Easington .
blackhall have [kept] the lively colwyn cort as their pro and are further strengthened by the return of john darby from tudhoe and spinner brian lewins from easington .

Hankin is certain to announce a clear-out when he presents his retained list next week .
hankin is certain to announce a clear-out when he presents his [kept] list next week .

Three other reserves , Robbie Lake , Michael Young and Nicky Peverell , have been retained as non-contract players .
three other reserves , robbie lake , michael young and nicky peverell , have been [kept] as non-contract players .

Newcastle 's retained list will be announced at the weekend .
newcastle 's [kept] list will be announced at the weekend .

Fletcher , in charge of negotiations in the absence of a manager , expects to release a list of retained players this weekend .
fletcher , in charge of negotiations in the absence of a manager , expects to release a list of [kept] players this weekend .

The Skelton race will replace the former Skelton and Brotton Carnival event and part of the course has been retained .
the skelton race will replace the former skelton and brotton carnival event and part of the course has been [kept] .

The 23-year-old Keyline Dukes captain retained his British title only last Sunday but seems unlikely to ride again until the next round of the world individual championship the Ancit Commonwealth final at Kings Lynn on Sunday May 31 .
the 23-year-old keyline dukes captain [kept] his british title only last sunday but seems unlikely to ride again until the next round of the world individual championship the ancit commonwealth final at kings lynn on sunday may 31 .

In the field events , Newcastle security guard Peter Gordon retained his discus title with a throw of 55.30 metres and struck gold in the hammer too with 57.48 metres .
in the field events , newcastle security guard peter gordon [kept] his discus title with a throw of 55.30 metres and struck gold in the hammer too with 57.48 metres .

It was the first crash in an Indycar race for the Briton , who still retained his series points lead by 71 to 68 over Boesel .
it was the first crash in an indycar race for the briton , who still [kept] his series points lead by 71 to 68 over boesel .

Barrow is also having talks about resigning Neil Morton and Dave Thompson , who were not among the names on City 's retained list .
barrow is also having talks about resigning neil morton and dave thompson , who were not among the names on city 's [kept] list .

But civil liberties groups say the rights of defendants must be retained .
but civil liberties groups say the rights of defendants must be [kept] .

Her husband Trevor and son Andrew are also involved in the concern and happily the firm has retained many of its original customers .
her husband trevor and son andrew are also involved in the concern and happily the firm has [kept] many of its original customers .

Florin Raducioiu scored all four goals as Romania retained second place in group four with a 4–0 victory over the Faroe Islands .
florin raducioiu scored all four goals as romania [kept] second place in group four with a 4–0 victory over the faroe islands .

It is just Cork 's luck that the main championship is already over , Bertie Fisher having retained the title on the Ulster International at the end of July .
it is just cork 's luck that the main championship is already over , bertie fisher having [kept] the title on the ulster international at the end of july .

John Boone ( South Derry Wheelers ) retained his Northern Ireland 100 mile title in a record breaking ride on the Cloughmills-Coleraine-Kilrea course .
john boone ( south derry wheelers ) [kept] his northern ireland 100 mile title in a record breaking ride on the cloughmills-coleraine-kilrea course .

Nicola Kirkpatrick retained the senior title and the Helen Morgan Cup in the Northern Ireland Side Saddle Championships on ‘ Dettingen ’ .
nicola kirkpatrick [kept] the senior title and the helen morgan cup in the northern ireland side saddle championships on ‘ dettingen ’ .

These savings , he said , would be retained by schools for the benefit of the education service .
these savings , he said , would be [kept] by schools for the benefit of the education service .

Allred said she had been retained by the divorced parents of the boy to represent his interests .
allred said she had been [kept] by the divorced parents of the boy to represent his interests .

They were angry over her announcement that a leading member of the outgoing left-wing Sandinista government would be retained as head of the army .
they were angry over her announcement that a leading member of the outgoing left-wing sandinista government would be [kept] as head of the army .

the remaining £327 million will be retained for investment in the business .
the remaining £327 million will be [kept] for investment in the business .

The combined business will trade as Courtaulds Coatings but the strong Cromadex service identity will be retained .
the combined business will trade as courtaulds coatings but the strong cromadex service identity will be [kept] .

They retained the right to dump low and intermediate radioactive waste in the north-east Atlantic after 2007 at last September 's meeting in Paris of the Convention on Marine Pollution .
they [kept] the right to dump low and intermediate radioactive waste in the north-east atlantic after 2007 at last september 's meeting in paris of the convention on marine pollution .

Vincent Trehearne , amusement arcade and pub owner , who has lived on West Parade all his life , said he was appalled that people had been misled into thinking that accesses would be retained .
vincent trehearne , amusement arcade and pub owner , who has lived on west parade all his life , said he was appalled that people had been misled into thinking that accesses would be [kept] .

And after the rescue drama at The Butts flats , on Runcorn 's Castlefields estate , Darren says the taste of part-time firefighting has made him even more determined to earn his retained fire officer status .
and after the rescue drama at the butts flats , on runcorn 's castlefields estate , darren says the taste of part-time firefighting has made him even more determined to earn his [kept] fire officer status .

Note that , in the model , all profits are assumed to be distributed to households and not retained by the firms .
note that , in the model , all profits are assumed to be distributed to households and not [kept] by the firms .

One strong English interest he has retained is cricket .
one strong english interest he has [kept] is cricket .

In addition , it was concluded that once the sale had been made , the company no longer retained an interest by way of an adequate after-sales service .
in addition , it was concluded that once the sale had been made , the company no longer [kept] an interest by way of an adequate after-sales service .

can be retained with either self-tapping or machine set screws .
can be [kept] with either self-tapping or machine set screws .

It retained water and yet had subtle membranes which permitted air to penetrate and facilitated waste disposal of the embryo .
it [kept] water and yet had subtle membranes which permitted air to penetrate and facilitated waste disposal of the embryo .

He retained his liberal credentials by escorting Mary Abigail McCarthy , the daughter of the anti-war Senator Eugene McCarthy , to the shindig , despite being warned by the Hollywood imagemakers not to ruin his box-office potential .
he [kept] his liberal credentials by escorting mary abigail mccarthy , the daughter of the anti-war senator eugene mccarthy , to the shindig , despite being warned by the hollywood imagemakers not to ruin his box-office potential .

The uncleaned side retained a two-inch fuzz of moribund blanketweed .
the uncleaned side [kept] a two-inch fuzz of moribund blanketweed .

The 600 's usual thinline profile ( body thickness of 1″ ) has been retained on the Atlantis , but the bridge is lower than is usual for a Rick and the pickups have been countersunk to accommodate a lower playing action across the body .
the 600 's usual thinline profile ( body thickness of 1″ ) has been [kept] on the atlantis , but the bridge is lower than is usual for a rick and the pickups have been countersunk to accommodate a lower playing action across the body .

In the Britain in Bloom competitions it has won the first prize in the Village Section successively for Yorkshire and Humberside ( for which it retained the Challenge Shield after winning three times ) , England and the United Kingdom .
in the britain in bloom competitions it has won the first prize in the village section successively for yorkshire and humberside ( for which it [kept] the challenge shield after winning three times ) , england and the united kingdom .

Fortunately it has retained road and rail links with Hull , Scarborough and the historic town of Beverley .
fortunately it has [kept] road and rail links with hull , scarborough and the historic town of beverley .

Railway Street is a name retained as a fond memory for a public transport system axed by Beeching in 1966 .
railway street is a name [kept] as a fond memory for a public transport system axed by beeching in 1966 .

Remember , fibre-rich food holds extra water , so two or three extra pounds of liquid retained inside you can easily obscure the same quantity of lost fat .
remember , fibre-rich food holds extra water , so two or three extra pounds of liquid [kept] inside you can easily obscure the same quantity of lost fat .

John retained all the filer media from the old pond in large sacks .
john [kept] all the filer media from the old pond in large sacks .

Eggs of crustacea are retained by the female until they hatch , either safely tucked into her brood pouch or under the abdomen attached to the legs .
eggs of crustacea are [kept] by the female until they hatch , either safely tucked into her brood pouch or under the abdomen attached to the legs .

Attacking sides can now repeatedly drive and place the ball safe in the knowledge that , providing support is there , possession will be retained .
attacking sides can now repeatedly drive and place the ball safe in the knowledge that , providing support is there , possession will be [kept] .

Liverpool 's Holligan retained his British and Commonwealth light-welterweight titles after barely outpointing the brave Manchester man in the same ring to win the title 15 months ago .
liverpool 's holligan [kept] his british and commonwealth light-welterweight titles after barely outpointing the brave manchester man in the same ring to win the title 15 months ago .

His family was moved to a modest family home nearby , although they retained their other house in Mayfair , London .
his family was moved to a modest family home nearby , although they [kept] their other house in mayfair , london .

After a reasonable period of time ( for example , two years ) there should be a review of the position to determine whether the mobility clause needs to be retained in the contract of employment if it was found that the need for mobility was being met by a sufficiently large group of staff willing to be mobile .
after a reasonable period of time ( for example , two years ) there should be a review of the position to determine whether the mobility clause needs to be [kept] in the contract of employment if it was found that the need for mobility was being met by a sufficiently large group of staff willing to be mobile .

All peers of England have retained entitlement to sit in the appropriate House of Lords throughout .
all peers of england have [kept] entitlement to sit in the appropriate house of lords throughout .

All peers of Great Britain have retained entitlement to sit since the peerage was instituted in 1707 as have peers of the United Kingdom since 1801 .
all peers of great britain have [kept] entitlement to sit since the peerage was instituted in 1707 as have peers of the united kingdom since 1801 .

Had the House of Lords retained the power to block the Commons utterly , and particularly had it not been possible for the Labour administration of 1945–51 force through its nationalisation policies by using the Parliament Act procedure to amend the 1911 Act , it is likely that the House of Lords would have been abolished .
had the house of lords [kept] the power to block the commons utterly , and particularly had it not been possible for the labour administration of 1945–51 force through its nationalisation policies by using the parliament act procedure to amend the 1911 act , it is likely that the house of lords would have been abolished .

Many Members are ‘ sponsored ’ or retained as ‘ parliamentary consultants ’ by various interest groups ; the practice is well established and apparently unobjectionable in itself .
many members are ‘ sponsored ’ or [kept] as ‘ parliamentary consultants ’ by various interest groups ; the practice is well established and apparently unobjectionable in itself .

The Department of Health and Social Security should be notified immediately of your parent 's admission to hospital so that the appropriate adjustment to his or her State pension or other State benefits or allowances can be made , but the pension book should be retained .
the department of health and social security should be notified immediately of your parent 's admission to hospital so that the appropriate adjustment to his or her state pension or other state benefits or allowances can be made , but the pension book should be [kept] .

St Joseph 's church at Crofton is retained , and elements of the two churches which have been replaced are carried over into the new one .
st joseph 's church at crofton is [kept] , and elements of the two churches which have been replaced are carried over into the new one .

Both syndicat s retained their separate titles , policies and regulations and continued to control their own destinies , the Union merely providing a co-operating and co-ordinating service which enabled all négociants in the trade to be represented should the need arise .
both syndicat s [kept] their separate titles , policies and regulations and continued to control their own destinies , the union merely providing a co-operating and co-ordinating service which enabled all négociants in the trade to be represented should the need arise .

Not quite . Two men retained their marbles , and as luck would have it they 're both roughie-toughie types as well as military scientists — a cross between Albert Einstein and Action Man ! Armed with their newest inventions ( a super-duper jeep and hi-tech helicopter ) they vow to take on the forces of evil and blast their way to freedom — so get blasting !
not quite . two men [kept] their marbles , and as luck would have it they 're both roughie-toughie types as well as military scientists — a cross between albert einstein and action man ! armed with their newest inventions ( a super-duper jeep and hi-tech helicopter ) they vow to take on the forces of evil and blast their way to freedom — so get blasting !

The alternative approach to speed reduction has , in addition to Tempo 30 laws , involved the treatment of residential areas by redesign of the space , though pavements are normally retained .
the alternative approach to speed reduction has , in addition to tempo 30 laws , involved the treatment of residential areas by redesign of the space , though pavements are normally [kept] .

In many ways the most interesting developments lie between these , particularly where 30 km/h zones have been equipped with speed-reducing infrastructure yet have retained some of the characteristics of separate rights of way for vehicles and pedestrians .
in many ways the most interesting developments lie between these , particularly where 30 km/h zones have been equipped with speed-reducing infrastructure yet have [kept] some of the characteristics of separate rights of way for vehicles and pedestrians .

You 'll find it 's a terrible bore ’ — he began a systematic investigation of the de Chavigny empire : the jewellery company , its workshops and showrooms in Europe and America ; the estates and vineyards in the Loire and in Algeria ; the stockholdings ; the capital assets ; the property the Baron had retained in France and abroad .
you 'll find it 's a terrible bore ’ — he began a systematic investigation of the de chavigny empire : the jewellery company , its workshops and showrooms in europe and america ; the estates and vineyards in the loire and in algeria ; the stockholdings ; the capital assets ; the property the baron had [kept] in france and abroad .

Cleverly , Mme Belmont-Laon retained the formality of the nineteenth-century rooms , with their mahogany showcases and cabinets , and yet , by her use of colour and light , contrived to give them a modern elegance .
cleverly , mme belmont-laon [kept] the formality of the nineteenth-century rooms , with their mahogany showcases and cabinets , and yet , by her use of colour and light , contrived to give them a modern elegance .

It is earned through hard work and only through continued hard work and high standards can be retained .
it is earned through hard work and only through continued hard work and high standards can be [kept] .

The Church looked to Jesus as the new lawgiver who had abrogated the ceremonial precepts of the Old Covenant or Testament but retained its moral precepts .
the church looked to jesus as the new lawgiver who had abrogated the ceremonial precepts of the old covenant or testament but [kept] its moral precepts .

North Zone ( 279 and 393 ) have retained India 's Duleep Trophy , beating West Zone ( 216 and 220 ) in the final at Bulsar .
north zone ( 279 and 393 ) have [kept] india 's duleep trophy , beating west zone ( 216 and 220 ) in the final at bulsar .

In leaving Ramprakash out , England retained the victorious team from Christchurch .
in leaving ramprakash out , england [kept] the victorious team from christchurch .

Much of the rhetoric of the war effort had been imperialistic and the imperial idea retained strong political allegiance after 1945 especially on the right of British politics .
much of the rhetoric of the war effort had been imperialistic and the imperial idea [kept] strong political allegiance after 1945 especially on the right of british politics .

To Be Retained By Named Participant
to be [kept] by named participant

He wrote just at the time when English was becoming an established literary language and with a felicity which later caused most of his translation — perhaps 75 per cent — to be retained in the King James Bible , the authorised version for 300 years .
he wrote just at the time when english was becoming an established literary language and with a felicity which later caused most of his translation — perhaps 75 per cent — to be [kept] in the king james bible , the authorised version for 300 years .

The case made by Cartwright , Travers and other Puritan divines was that the Church of England retained many of the errors of Rome .
the case made by cartwright , travers and other puritan divines was that the church of england [kept] many of the errors of rome .

Experienced subjectively the state may range , depending on the degree of insight retained , from great perplexity and distress to arrogant certainty ; observed objectively the behaviour seems grotesque and incomprehensible .
experienced subjectively the state may range , depending on the degree of insight [kept] , from great perplexity and distress to arrogant certainty ; observed objectively the behaviour seems grotesque and incomprehensible .

As well as keeping our name , we have also retained the same determination , first shown over 90 years ago , to help and care for a very deserving group of people which is generally overlooked by most charities .
as well as keeping our name , we have also [kept] the same determination , first shown over 90 years ago , to help and care for a very deserving group of people which is generally overlooked by most charities .

Mrs. Mann and her husband Rodney now live in Oxfordshire , but they have retained their East Anglian loyalties , having had horses in training with Mike Bloom for several years .
mrs. mann and her husband rodney now live in oxfordshire , but they have [kept] their east anglian loyalties , having had horses in training with mike bloom for several years .

There are hints that certain sets of dies were used to decorate pots made from specific fabrics , while some were retained for a later occasion and occur again on another fabric .
there are hints that certain sets of dies were used to decorate pots made from specific fabrics , while some were [kept] for a later occasion and occur again on another fabric .

For a while Wordsworth retained his loyalty to the Girondin leaders of France , though this meant that he was in English eyes a ‘ Jacobin ' , that is , a revolutionary extremist who had actually visited the infected country twice .
for a while wordsworth [kept] his loyalty to the girondin leaders of france , though this meant that he was in english eyes a ‘ jacobin ' , that is , a revolutionary extremist who had actually visited the infected country twice .

And there are very few marginals that the Conservatives retained with a majority smaller than the drop in the number of people registered — only four , in fact : Coventry South West , Kensington , Edmonton , and Eltham .
and there are very few marginals that the conservatives [kept] with a majority smaller than the drop in the number of people registered — only four , in fact : coventry south west , kensington , edmonton , and eltham .

One or two helicopter radios are equipped with a second throttle hold option to allow the practice setting to be retained .
one or two helicopter radios are equipped with a second throttle hold option to allow the practice setting to be [kept] .

Dr Ian Macdonald was a senior consultant pathologist at the great London hospital , also a retained Home Office pathologist , and was usually asked for by Scotland Yard if he was available .
dr ian macdonald was a senior consultant pathologist at the great london hospital , also a [kept] home office pathologist , and was usually asked for by scotland yard if he was available .

The two newcomers to Westminster — Niranjan Deva for the Tories in Brentford and Isleworth , and Piara Khabra for Labour in Ealing Southall — retained seats previously held by white MPs .
the two newcomers to westminster — niranjan deva for the tories in brentford and isleworth , and piara khabra for labour in ealing southall — [kept] seats previously held by white mps .

If the last is the case then those profits will either be retained in the company and reinvested , or they will be passed on to the shareholders as increased dividends .
if the last is the case then those profits will either be [kept] in the company and reinvested , or they will be passed on to the shareholders as increased dividends .

In 1925 Blandy & Leacock and other firms joined the Madeira Wine Association within which individual firms retained their separate identities and their own agents .
in 1925 blandy & leacock and other firms joined the madeira wine association within which individual firms [kept] their separate identities and their own agents .

The missing minister was Mrs Lynda Chalker ( Overseas Aid ) , who for years has retained her first husband in her name , since Lynda Landa sounds like an entry for the Eurovision song contest .
the missing minister was mrs lynda chalker ( overseas aid ) , who for years has [kept] her first husband in her name , since lynda landa sounds like an entry for the eurovision song contest .

These are spaced on the spars to act as bridle stops , so that the bridle connection on , say , a leading edge is retained and the tendency to slip is controlled .
these are spaced on the spars to act as bridle stops , so that the bridle connection on , say , a leading edge is [kept] and the tendency to slip is controlled .

Fully flexible or ‘ soft ’ , it has excellent lifting power , taking air in at the leading edge to assume a wing section which is retained by multiple shroud lines .
fully flexible or ‘ soft ’ , it has excellent lifting power , taking air in at the leading edge to assume a wing section which is [kept] by multiple shroud lines .

The sketches on pages 108 and 109 demonstrate two popular types , one with a spring-loaded hanger which is retained internally by a split pin anchor , the other with a pull-through which is not spring-loaded but comes right through the tube after releasing a bear squad in any multiple drop .
the sketches on pages 108 and 109 demonstrate two popular types , one with a spring-loaded hanger which is [kept] internally by a split pin anchor , the other with a pull-through which is not spring-loaded but comes right through the tube after releasing a bear squad in any multiple drop .

These are tensioned in the ‘ down ’ position by an elastic or bungee , one end of which is hooked on the bowsprit , and the other linked to a trip line which runs through the two sails to the slotted tube at the rear , where it is retained by the release pin .
these are tensioned in the ‘ down ’ position by an elastic or bungee , one end of which is hooked on the bowsprit , and the other linked to a trip line which runs through the two sails to the slotted tube at the rear , where it is [kept] by the release pin .

They are then retained on the sail by tape made into double thickness tags .
they are then [kept] on the sail by tape made into double thickness tags .

Its leading edges were free to articulate , the central keel was retained simply because short of cutting it away , there was no choice , and there was but one forward cross-spar .
its leading edges were free to articulate , the central keel was [kept] simply because short of cutting it away , there was no choice , and there was but one forward cross-spar .

Unlike the single line delta with its articulating leading edges that pivot about the cross-spar joint , the second generation stunters with cross-spars fore and aft introduced the rigid frame.As the spine retained the sail on the neutral datum centreline , the sail pattern was made larger than the actual frame plan in order to obtain the conical camber which is the characteristic of the Rogallo design .
unlike the single line delta with its articulating leading edges that pivot about the cross-spar joint , the second generation stunters with cross-spars fore and aft introduced the rigid frame.as the spine [kept] the sail on the neutral datum centreline , the sail pattern was made larger than the actual frame plan in order to obtain the conical camber which is the characteristic of the rogallo design .

Being in compression , the trailing edge hoops retained a natural shape .
being in compression , the trailing edge hoops [kept] a natural shape .

No one retained a broadcasting role and at the same time enjoyed a good salary .
no one [kept] a broadcasting role and at the same time enjoyed a good salary .

Some still retained private property as is evidenced by the fact that they met in private houses and that they would sell their assets if people were seen to be in need .
some still [kept] private property as is evidenced by the fact that they met in private houses and that they would sell their assets if people were seen to be in need .

An individual must have been in the business for ten years or have retained shares throughout this period to qualify for maximum relief .
an individual must have been in the business for ten years or have [kept] shares throughout this period to qualify for maximum relief .

Had it been the director with a retained shareholding of 30 shares who had died on 31 December 1986 , his estate too would have had the benefit of business assets relief , but at a lower percentage deduction .
had it been the director with a [kept] shareholding of 30 shares who had died on 31 december 1986 , his estate too would have had the benefit of business assets relief , but at a lower percentage deduction .

Three of the drivers concerned had argued that they had been unfairly selected for redundancy because there were drivers with less service who had been retained at other quarries .
three of the drivers concerned had argued that they had been unfairly selected for redundancy because there were drivers with less service who had been [kept] at other quarries .

To the last it raised no objection but it did point out that it might lead to long-serving drivers being made redundant whilst drivers with shorter service at other quarries were retained .
to the last it raised no objection but it did point out that it might lead to long-serving drivers being made redundant whilst drivers with shorter service at other quarries were [kept] .

Certainly it does hamper waste elimination , bloating the body with retained water .
certainly it does hamper waste elimination , bloating the body with [kept] water .

Duchy retained all the staff employed at the time of the takeover , with the exception of the previous General Manager , who preferred to retire .
duchy [kept] all the staff employed at the time of the takeover , with the exception of the previous general manager , who preferred to retire .

Edgar 's policy has been to keep as many of the traditional country-house features as possible , so that the public rooms have retained an ‘ Edwardian ’ character , with many of the original prints and photographs and a number of big game trophies giving a ‘ Raj ’ flavour .
edgar 's policy has been to keep as many of the traditional country-house features as possible , so that the public rooms have [kept] an ‘ edwardian ’ character , with many of the original prints and photographs and a number of big game trophies giving a ‘ raj ’ flavour .

Weaver 's Northwich brewery was also retained , and the production of the new ‘ Palatinate ’ lager was concentrated there in a second redevelopment phase during the later 1970s .
weaver 's northwich brewery was also [kept] , and the production of the new ‘ palatinate ’ lager was concentrated there in a second redevelopment phase during the later 1970s .

He began in the then Sales Department and has retained a special interest in the public house operations side of the business .
he began in the then sales department and has [kept] a special interest in the public house operations side of the business .

Lack of retained profits
lack of [kept] profits

Five times the size of Rutland , Buckinghamshire shows every symptom of several standards of assessment : numerous reductions in the Chiltern hundreds in 1524 reduced aggregate wealth from £97 to £67 per thousand acres , while in Buckingham hundreds it only dropped from £84 to £59 , but throughout the northern half of the shire many of the 1522 assessments were retained substantially unaltered , conceivably because the people concerned deemed it prudent to keep their mouths shut and pay up ; a significant number were actually uprated , perhaps penalised for having the gall to seek abatements , so attracting a further , more searching investigation of their means .
five times the size of rutland , buckinghamshire shows every symptom of several standards of assessment : numerous reductions in the chiltern hundreds in 1524 reduced aggregate wealth from £97 to £67 per thousand acres , while in buckingham hundreds it only dropped from £84 to £59 , but throughout the northern half of the shire many of the 1522 assessments were [kept] substantially unaltered , conceivably because the people concerned deemed it prudent to keep their mouths shut and pay up ; a significant number were actually uprated , perhaps penalised for having the gall to seek abatements , so attracting a further , more searching investigation of their means .

In the normal way a fraternity held an annual social function , after its festival mass , to collect the stock which was forthwith paid over to the churchwardens , less any sum retained for guild purposes .
in the normal way a fraternity held an annual social function , after its festival mass , to collect the stock which was forthwith paid over to the churchwardens , less any sum [kept] for guild purposes .

And not only was he a graduate , he had retained the habits of scholarship .
and not only was he a graduate , he had [kept] the habits of scholarship .

While he retained his criticisms of rationality , Foucault substituted the idea of an otherness at work within reason for that of a repressed alterity existing outside or beyond it .
while he [kept] his criticisms of rationality , foucault substituted the idea of an otherness at work within reason for that of a repressed alterity existing outside or beyond it .

The youths made considerable progress in learning their trades and most of those who were put out as apprentices retained their situations .
the youths made considerable progress in learning their trades and most of those who were put out as apprentices [kept] their situations .

The original titles should , said the minister , be retained only for statutory purposes .
the original titles should , said the minister , be [kept] only for statutory purposes .

With the departure of the hospital from its jurisdiction , the Bedfordshire County Council retained the responsibility for health centres , the care of mothers and young children , domiciliary midwifery , health visiting , home nursing , vaccination and immunisation , and the ambulance service .
with the departure of the hospital from its jurisdiction , the bedfordshire county council [kept] the responsibility for health centres , the care of mothers and young children , domiciliary midwifery , health visiting , home nursing , vaccination and immunisation , and the ambulance service .

Nevertheless , he was retained and the secretary was instructed to write to the parish officers informing them of the same ; they were told to pay the subscription within a few days otherwise Spies would be discharged from the infirmary .
nevertheless , he was [kept] and the secretary was instructed to write to the parish officers informing them of the same ; they were told to pay the subscription within a few days otherwise spies would be discharged from the infirmary .

But this might allow them to be retained , when other class affiliations are lost .
but this might allow them to be [kept] , when other class affiliations are lost .

What are the arrangements if you retire from the organisation as a salaried employee but become a retained consultant or contractor ?
what are the arrangements if you retire from the organisation as a salaried employee but become a [kept] consultant or contractor ?

Egon Zehnder has established a reputation for high quality and absolute discretion , charges fees based on work to be undertaken and not on a contingency or percentage of salary basis , and has retained practically all its senior staff .
egon zehnder has established a reputation for high quality and absolute discretion , charges fees based on work to be undertaken and not on a contingency or percentage of salary basis , and has [kept] practically all its senior staff .

In Britain , the doctors collectively have by and large retained the right to determine what conditions shall be deemed ‘ medical ’ , and , as individual practitioners , what treatment any given patient will receive .
in britain , the doctors collectively have by and large [kept] the right to determine what conditions shall be deemed ‘ medical ’ , and , as individual practitioners , what treatment any given patient will receive .

An additional variable is needed to account for the variation between the firms in the extent to which clients ' chosen outcomes were retained or transformed .
an additional variable is needed to account for the variation between the firms in the extent to which clients ' chosen outcomes were [kept] or transformed .

Conclusions about the functions of one hemisphere that had previously been based on observations of the effects of injury could be confirmed by studies that showed that the self-same functions were retained by that hemisphere after section of the callosum , but were not available to the other .
conclusions about the functions of one hemisphere that had previously been based on observations of the effects of injury could be confirmed by studies that showed that the self-same functions were [kept] by that hemisphere after section of the callosum , but were not available to the other .

Some work has been done on monkeys with restricted visual cortex ablations ( Mohter and Wurtz 1977 ; Weiskrantz and Cowey 1970 ) and , in these , it has been shown that the ability to detect light flashes and make saccadic eye movements to fixate stimuli within the blind field is retained .
some work has been done on monkeys with restricted visual cortex ablations ( mohter and wurtz 1977 ; weiskrantz and cowey 1970 ) and , in these , it has been shown that the ability to detect light flashes and make saccadic eye movements to fixate stimuli within the blind field is [kept] .

The most convincing evidence would be that capacities that are retained after ablation of the visual cortex are lost after damage to subcortical systems .
the most convincing evidence would be that capacities that are [kept] after ablation of the visual cortex are lost after damage to subcortical systems .

There is good evidence that visual reflexes retained after visual cortex ablation are lost after subcortical lesions .
there is good evidence that visual reflexes [kept] after visual cortex ablation are lost after subcortical lesions .

Its corresponding defects were that it was almost insignificant in Europe , retained out-of-date weapons adequate only for colonial use , and paid little attention to training its senior officers for large-scale operations .
its corresponding defects were that it was almost insignificant in europe , [kept] out-of-date weapons adequate only for colonial use , and paid little attention to training its senior officers for large-scale operations .

Because this diffusion was not even , and was far more marked where levels of literacy were comparatively high , it resulted in the growth of two cultural zones : on the one hand , French-speaking regions receptive to ‘ foreign ’ ideas , and on the other , rural areas which retained the old language and the old ways of life .
because this diffusion was not even , and was far more marked where levels of literacy were comparatively high , it resulted in the growth of two cultural zones : on the one hand , french-speaking regions receptive to ‘ foreign ’ ideas , and on the other , rural areas which [kept] the old language and the old ways of life .

For he moved at once to a post-natal , ecological sorting wherein individual adaptive variants are retained , while the maladaptive are eliminated in the Malthusian crush of population .
for he moved at once to a post-natal , ecological sorting wherein individual adaptive variants are [kept] , while the maladaptive are eliminated in the malthusian crush of population .

The time-window idea probably has to be retained in a watered-down form because if an animal is given novel food followed by weeks of familiar food and finally made sick , it is unlikely that it will avoid novel food .
the time-window idea probably has to be [kept] in a watered-down form because if an animal is given novel food followed by weeks of familiar food and finally made sick , it is unlikely that it will avoid novel food .

Individuals in the first , ‘ natural ’ group learned the words twice as quickly and retained them longer .
individuals in the first , ‘ natural ’ group learned the words twice as quickly and [kept] them longer .

Eight others retained their incognitos .
eight others [kept] their incognitos .

The motor manufacturer is not going to be best pleased to discover that the aircraft he though he had retained has hopped to Ibiza with a load of spotty would-be tourists from Kettering .
the motor manufacturer is not going to be best pleased to discover that the aircraft he though he had [kept] has hopped to ibiza with a load of spotty would-be tourists from kettering .

In Information Sources in first year , the Information Science base is retained .
in information sources in first year , the information science base is [kept] .

to empty the bowel of retained faecal matter
to empty the bowel of [kept] faecal matter

Modern China retained these problems which stemmed from its massive cultural heritage and as a consequence could not move forward .
modern china [kept] these problems which stemmed from its massive cultural heritage and as a consequence could not move forward .

It can , therefore , be said that language makes ‘ more real ’ my subjectivity not only to my conversation partner but also to myself . This capacity of language to crystallize and stabilize me for my own subjectivity is retained
it can , therefore , be said that language makes ‘ more real ’ my subjectivity not only to my conversation partner but also to myself . this capacity of language to crystallize and stabilize me for my own subjectivity is [kept]

Furthermore , The German Ideology was a collaborative work with Engels who , as we shall see , retained more interest in the concept of ideology and is responsible for some of the features traditionally associated with it .
furthermore , the german ideology was a collaborative work with engels who , as we shall see , [kept] more interest in the concept of ideology and is responsible for some of the features traditionally associated with it .

In developing the critique of political economy as a critique of ideology , Marx retained some aspects of the dialectic of Hegelian critique , but did not offer a philosophical foundation for it within his own materialist system .
in developing the critique of political economy as a critique of ideology , marx [kept] some aspects of the dialectic of hegelian critique , but did not offer a philosophical foundation for it within his own materialist system .

‘ Even if you woke the child up again to clean his or her teeth , some of the sugar is bound to be retained in the crevices on or between the teeth .
‘ even if you woke the child up again to clean his or her teeth , some of the sugar is bound to be [kept] in the crevices on or between the teeth .

‘ Even if you woke the child up to clean his or her teeth , some sugar is bound to be retained on or between the teeth . ’
‘ even if you woke the child up to clean his or her teeth , some sugar is bound to be [kept] on or between the teeth . ’

Mozart and Da Ponte reduced the original five acts to four , but all Beaumarchais ' complicated plots and sub-plots are retained .
mozart and da ponte reduced the original five acts to four , but all beaumarchais ' complicated plots and sub-plots are [kept] .

He retired from the University but retained an honorary professorship .
he retired from the university but [kept] an honorary professorship .

He was impressive in his Premier League debut against Nottingham Forest and retained his place for the 1–1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday .
he was impressive in his premier league debut against nottingham forest and [kept] his place for the 1–1 draw with sheffield wednesday .

The original 's brilliant sense of involvement has been retained , and really does the Master System proud .
the original 's brilliant sense of involvement has been [kept] , and really does the master system proud .

They still retained the faint aroma of Ludovico 's body .
they still [kept] the faint aroma of ludovico 's body .

After becoming a socialist in the early 1880s he retained what he called ‘ an Englishman 's wholesome horror of government interference and centralisation .
after becoming a socialist in the early 1880s he [kept] what he called ‘ an englishman 's wholesome horror of government interference and centralisation .

He would dearly like to hand over the captaincy at the end of next August after having retained the Ashes on his fifth tour to England .
he would dearly like to hand over the captaincy at the end of next august after having [kept] the ashes on his fifth tour to england .

Kumar has retained his position at St Andrew 's despite the club being put up for sale last month after his business empire went into receivership .
kumar has [kept] his position at st andrew 's despite the club being put up for sale last month after his business empire went into receivership .

And , although he was halted on the line , Cambridge retained possession , Flood sending Richard Batstone hurtling in on the left for a try that Davies converted .
and , although he was halted on the line , cambridge [kept] possession , flood sending richard batstone hurtling in on the left for a try that davies converted .

Accounting firms were also retained , but banks often considered them to be ‘ piggy-backing ’ on their deal , only providing some modest technical due diligence type advice .
accounting firms were also [kept] , but banks often considered them to be ‘ piggy-backing ’ on their deal , only providing some modest technical due diligence type advice .

However , some have retained the more traditional method of charging commission on transactions only .
however , some have [kept] the more traditional method of charging commission on transactions only .

Furthermore , in valuing the shares transferred by the taxpayer , the company 's right to the income of the retained part had to be disregarded , since to regard the company as having a beneficial interest in the trust would be inconsistent with the beneficial ownership attributed to the participators .
furthermore , in valuing the shares transferred by the taxpayer , the company 's right to the income of the [kept] part had to be disregarded , since to regard the company as having a beneficial interest in the trust would be inconsistent with the beneficial ownership attributed to the participators .

Financing buyouts has , however , retained its popularity given the greater security involved in such a deal .
financing buyouts has , however , [kept] its popularity given the greater security involved in such a deal .

Exceptions would be undertakings whose business is similar to the group 's , are intended to be retained as long-term investments , and in which 3i has both active general management involvement and more than 20 % of the equity .
exceptions would be undertakings whose business is similar to the group 's , are intended to be [kept] as long-term investments , and in which 3i has both active general management involvement and more than 20 % of the equity .

They introduce a benchmark or preferred treatment which , in both cases , requires adjustment of the opening balance of retained earnings and a restatement of the comparative information .
they introduce a benchmark or preferred treatment which , in both cases , requires adjustment of the opening balance of [kept] earnings and a restatement of the comparative information .

‘ Internal objects ’ are images , or imagos , of our past experiences which are retained in our inner worlds .
‘ internal objects ’ are images , or imagos , of our past experiences which are [kept] in our inner worlds .

All the people with whom we have had a significant relationship are retained as imagos ; a private society inside of us .
all the people with whom we have had a significant relationship are [kept] as imagos ; a private society inside of us .

‘ If we did not , we would lose all continuity with our past , would only be able to live from moment to moment like butterflies alighting and flitting away , and no relationship or experience could have any permanent value for us . Thus in some sense everything is mentally internalised , retained and inwardly possessed ; that is our only defence against complete discontinuity in living , a distressing example of which we see in the man who loses his memory , and is consciously uprooted ’
‘ if we did not , we would lose all continuity with our past , would only be able to live from moment to moment like butterflies alighting and flitting away , and no relationship or experience could have any permanent value for us . thus in some sense everything is mentally internalised , [kept] and inwardly possessed ; that is our only defence against complete discontinuity in living , a distressing example of which we see in the man who loses his memory , and is consciously uprooted ’

Experiences which we have throughout our lives are retained inside of us individually , then , in two ways : in memory and in the world of internal objects .
experiences which we have throughout our lives are [kept] inside of us individually , then , in two ways : in memory and in the world of internal objects .

Others are bad experiences which can not be absorbed in memory but are ‘ retained as foreign objects which the psyche seeks to project ’ ( Guntrip , 1968 ) .
others are bad experiences which can not be absorbed in memory but are ‘ [kept] as foreign objects which the psyche seeks to project ’ ( guntrip , 1968 ) .

In fact , these ‘ bad objects of feeling ’ are retained in our inner , unconscious world .
in fact , these ‘ bad objects of feeling ’ are [kept] in our inner , unconscious world .

Although the Governor retained direct control over defence , finance and justice , Sri Lankan politicians wielded an increasing degree of executive power .
although the governor [kept] direct control over defence , finance and justice , sri lankan politicians wielded an increasing degree of executive power .

Most knew no home other than Sri Lanka , though there was a small community of Coast Moors which retained strong ties with Muslims in southern India .
most knew no home other than sri lanka , though there was a small community of coast moors which [kept] strong ties with muslims in southern india .

The British introduced trial by jury to the Low Country in 1811 , and this institution was retained after 1833 .
the british introduced trial by jury to the low country in 1811 , and this institution was [kept] after 1833 .

10 and 11 , but under Section 43 of the Act , they retained the right of compulsory purchase at a later date .
10 and 11 , but under section 43 of the act , they [kept] the right of compulsory purchase at a later date .

Drovers Road sub-station , South Croydon , to be retained .
drovers road sub-station , south croydon , to be [kept] .

The 70 seater trolleybuses experienced no less difficulty in negotiating Pitlake Corner into Lower Church St. than the bogie trams had done and the signal lights were retained until replaced by ordinary traffic lights .
the 70 seater trolleybuses experienced no less difficulty in negotiating pitlake corner into lower church st. than the bogie trams had done and the signal lights were [kept] until replaced by ordinary traffic lights .

Although displaced by 70 seaters in the Bexley area , the 60 seaters were retained to the end in the Croydon area , Nos. 64–93 and latterly all of the 489–493 batch .
although displaced by 70 seaters in the bexley area , the 60 seaters were [kept] to the end in the croydon area , nos. 64–93 and latterly all of the 489–493 batch .

10 retained them until after 1917 .
10 [kept] them until after 1917 .

They were broken up on the spot and only the saloon seats retained for further use .
they were broken up on the spot and only the saloon seats [kept] for further use .

It determines what firmlets are to be added , retained or divested .
it determines what firmlets are to be added , [kept] or divested .

Earnings per share rise partly because the retained businesses are managed profitably , but mainly because the extra earnings are bought with disproportionately few extra issues of capital or debt .
earnings per share rise partly because the [kept] businesses are managed profitably , but mainly because the extra earnings are bought with disproportionately few extra issues of capital or debt .

However , an even larger number agreed with the discussion paper that the conventional accounting for convertible debt should be retained , especially in view of the complexity and subjectivity of the other methods .
however , an even larger number agreed with the discussion paper that the conventional accounting for convertible debt should be [kept] , especially in view of the complexity and subjectivity of the other methods .

Tunstall recredits the £2.999m transfer of goodwill to extraordinary items to the retained profits at the foot of the consolidated p & l account .
tunstall recredits the £2.999m transfer of goodwill to extraordinary items to the [kept] profits at the foot of the consolidated p & l account .

One proposal that has not been retained is that of the total finance costs for non-equity shares .
one proposal that has not been [kept] is that of the total finance costs for non-equity shares .

The proposal has been retained as the Board believes that information on the market value of liabilities is relevant to an assessment of the economic position of the company ( Discussion Paper , paragraphs 3.31-3.35 ) .
the proposal has been [kept] as the board believes that information on the market value of liabilities is relevant to an assessment of the economic position of the company ( discussion paper , paragraphs 3.31-3.35 ) .

She still retained her English habit of noting each day 's weather , always expecting changes , marvelling at the hot sunny days which followed one after the other , almost with monotony .
she still [kept] her english habit of noting each day 's weather , always expecting changes , marvelling at the hot sunny days which followed one after the other , almost with monotony .

And it should be said that , at least outwardly , Murphy and his men retained their charm and their good humour throughout what must have become a harrowing experience .
and it should be said that , at least outwardly , murphy and his men [kept] their charm and their good humour throughout what must have become a harrowing experience .

You can shoot the material in any order , the edited movie can be built up from the best parts of the recording , and the overall shape of the movie can be finally determined when the material to be retained is known .
you can shoot the material in any order , the edited movie can be built up from the best parts of the recording , and the overall shape of the movie can be finally determined when the material to be [kept] is known .

The business community benefits greatly from the close involvement of chartered accountants in its affairs and there are a lot of good reasons why the audit should be retained .
the business community benefits greatly from the close involvement of chartered accountants in its affairs and there are a lot of good reasons why the audit should be [kept] .

Perhaps a similar report has been written by a colleague and is retained on a word processing disk .
perhaps a similar report has been written by a colleague and is [kept] on a word processing disk .

The question of whether the compulsory audit for small companies should be retained is one on which the views of practitioners dealing with small companies particularly deserved to be heard .
the question of whether the compulsory audit for small companies should be [kept] is one on which the views of practitioners dealing with small companies particularly deserved to be heard .

This also enables any eventual profit to be kept in the long term , avoiding the problem that if it is retained , any eventual surplus would have to go back to the borrower .
this also enables any eventual profit to be kept in the long term , avoiding the problem that if it is [kept] , any eventual surplus would have to go back to the borrower .

The position that we have held ( and continue to hold ) is that the focus should be on retained recourse , which we would generally expect to write off , and on the retention of significant benefit in relation to the expected performance of assets .
the position that we have held ( and continue to hold ) is that the focus should be on [kept] recourse , which we would generally expect to write off , and on the retention of significant benefit in relation to the expected performance of assets .

Derecognition , a word that is new to me and perhaps also to the English language , can be achieved only if the amount of benefit and risk retained by the seller ( not always the originator as seems to have been assumed ) is insignificant or immaterial ( on a case by case basis ) .
derecognition , a word that is new to me and perhaps also to the english language , can be achieved only if the amount of benefit and risk [kept] by the seller ( not always the originator as seems to have been assumed ) is insignificant or immaterial ( on a case by case basis ) .

The criterion for concluding that no significant benefit or risk is retained seems in fact to be that absolutely no benefit or risk remains .
the criterion for concluding that no significant benefit or risk is [kept] seems in fact to be that absolutely no benefit or risk remains .

They left , taking several members of staff with them , and Simon and Andy retained the ‘ main rump ’ of the firm which consisted of 19 staff .
they left , taking several members of staff with them , and simon and andy [kept] the ‘ main rump ’ of the firm which consisted of 19 staff .

But it had been decentralised without attacking the big cost structures and without the addition of any procedures , with the result that two functional layers were beginning to develop business managers were starting to grow their own subsidiary boards with their own functional capability while the organisation as a whole retained its own capability .
but it had been decentralised without attacking the big cost structures and without the addition of any procedures , with the result that two functional layers were beginning to develop business managers were starting to grow their own subsidiary boards with their own functional capability while the organisation as a whole [kept] its own capability .

Earlier this year a report commissioned by Christiane Scrivener , the European Commissioner responsible for taxation , proposed a 30% withholding tax in all member states regardless of whether profits are retained or distributed as dividends .
earlier this year a report commissioned by christiane scrivener , the european commissioner responsible for taxation , proposed a 30% withholding tax in all member states regardless of whether profits are [kept] or distributed as dividends .

The shareholders ' accrued interest in profits retained within the life funds comes to £2.4bn .
the shareholders ' accrued interest in profits [kept] within the life funds comes to £2.4bn .

He may well have lost customers ; and even those he retained would no doubt have been despondent if not positively angry at what they were having to pay .
he may well have lost customers ; and even those he [kept] would no doubt have been despondent if not positively angry at what they were having to pay .

If we have downsized to reduce our cost base , have we retained the potential to meet an upturn in demand ?
if we have downsized to reduce our cost base , have we [kept] the potential to meet an upturn in demand ?

Using the wider kin group as the basis for organizing social and economic life may not be characteristic of contemporary Britain , but some of the groups who have migrated to this country since the Second World War have brought with them , and retained , a pattern of kin relationships which differs from the white British norm and which in some cases includes a preference for cousin marriage .
using the wider kin group as the basis for organizing social and economic life may not be characteristic of contemporary britain , but some of the groups who have migrated to this country since the second world war have brought with them , and [kept] , a pattern of kin relationships which differs from the white british norm and which in some cases includes a preference for cousin marriage .

Midwinter is well known as a scourge of the establishment — retained as a consultant or commissioned to write articles on various government reforms .
midwinter is well known as a scourge of the establishment — [kept] as a consultant or commissioned to write articles on various government reforms .

These morphological changes may be interpreted functionally in dietary terms as a change to a diet with hard fruit as the main constituent , and this may be related in turn to the drier and more seasonal environments they lived in , but as there was little change in their postcranial skeletons it is likely that they retained their ancestral arboreal locomotor pattern .
these morphological changes may be interpreted functionally in dietary terms as a change to a diet with hard fruit as the main constituent , and this may be related in turn to the drier and more seasonal environments they lived in , but as there was little change in their postcranial skeletons it is likely that they [kept] their ancestral arboreal locomotor pattern .

The morphology of the alveolar clivus supports this alternative , in which case Graecopithecus can be interpreted as a fossil hominine , but there is a possibility that this morphology represents an ancestral great ape character which was primitively retained in Graecopithecus and the hominines ( and was independently further modified to produce the more derived orang-utan condition ) .
the morphology of the alveolar clivus supports this alternative , in which case graecopithecus can be interpreted as a fossil hominine , but there is a possibility that this morphology represents an ancestral great ape character which was primitively [kept] in graecopithecus and the hominines ( and was independently further modified to produce the more derived orang-utan condition ) .

Does the navy really need 12 giant aircraft carriers , with the escorts and support ships that must accompany them ? These are immensely useful for some operations , and a number must be retained at high readiness . But would not nine do ?
does the navy really need 12 giant aircraft carriers , with the escorts and support ships that must accompany them ? these are immensely useful for some operations , and a number must be [kept] at high readiness . but would not nine do ?

Yet , despite this relativistic view of both private passions and the common good , the inevitability of a tension between them — of the problematic nature of conformity to the common good rather than deviation — is retained .
yet , despite this relativistic view of both private passions and the common good , the inevitability of a tension between them — of the problematic nature of conformity to the common good rather than deviation — is [kept] .

Despite the horrors he 'd seen , and the fierceness of his revulsion , some small part of him retained the fascination that had drawn him , Godolphin and their fellow experimenters together in the first place .
despite the horrors he 'd seen , and the fierceness of his revulsion , some small part of him [kept] the fascination that had drawn him , godolphin and their fellow experimenters together in the first place .

Most of the recruits to the senior positions were from within the industry and in the months up to the planned vesting day — 1 April 1948 — most retained their old jobs in the pre-vesting undertakings as well as carrying out their new responsibilities of planning for the change .
most of the recruits to the senior positions were from within the industry and in the months up to the planned vesting day — 1 april 1948 — most [kept] their old jobs in the pre-vesting undertakings as well as carrying out their new responsibilities of planning for the change .

Physical limits after 1953 were progressively less effective ( and in most other areas not even formally retained ) , but the Government hoped that the new financial disciplines would have some effect in curbing the industry 's investment demand .
physical limits after 1953 were progressively less effective ( and in most other areas not even formally [kept] ) , but the government hoped that the new financial disciplines would have some effect in curbing the industry 's investment demand .

In some cases , for example , to keep within trimmed budgets , Boards had to install mains of too low a capacity to accommodate reasonable expectations of future load growth ( causing greater expense later on ) ; they also retained old vehicles and offices with excessively high running costs to save on capital expenditure .
in some cases , for example , to keep within trimmed budgets , boards had to install mains of too low a capacity to accommodate reasonable expectations of future load growth ( causing greater expense later on ) ; they also [kept] old vehicles and offices with excessively high running costs to save on capital expenditure .

Although the gas industry retained the larger market share for cooking overall , more than a quarter of consumers had electric cookers by 1958 and electricity for cooking continued to account for a fifth of domestic electricity sales .
although the gas industry [kept] the larger market share for cooking overall , more than a quarter of consumers had electric cookers by 1958 and electricity for cooking continued to account for a fifth of domestic electricity sales .

They sensibly retained a regional fuel cost differential to reflect differing local coal costs , and their two-part bulk supply tariff , based on both a capacity charge per kW of peak demand and a running charge per kWh also sensibly reflected costs .
they sensibly [kept] a regional fuel cost differential to reflect differing local coal costs , and their two-part bulk supply tariff , based on both a capacity charge per kw of peak demand and a running charge per kwh also sensibly reflected costs .

When Mr. Leitch established his public house in the village of Ardersier , so conveniently placed to catch the military traffic from Fort George , he wisely retained his seat in the council of the royal burgh of Nairn , and for a valuable parliamentary elector a mere transfer to the desired post was very little for a member of parliament to arrange .
when mr. leitch established his public house in the village of ardersier , so conveniently placed to catch the military traffic from fort george , he wisely [kept] his seat in the council of the royal burgh of nairn , and for a valuable parliamentary elector a mere transfer to the desired post was very little for a member of parliament to arrange .

As it turned out , the plan of Bailie Hooks was too optimistic and Lord Galloway retained control of the council of his town , but the incident affords a clear illustration of the close links between parliamentary and municipal politics and the holding of official appointments in the period , and indeed the officers in question were placed in their situations through the political influence of the Galloway family .
as it turned out , the plan of bailie hooks was too optimistic and lord galloway [kept] control of the council of his town , but the incident affords a clear illustration of the close links between parliamentary and municipal politics and the holding of official appointments in the period , and indeed the officers in question were placed in their situations through the political influence of the galloway family .

As a political tool naval patronage was rather less in the control of Administration than was military patronage , for although the Board of Admiralty retained all home patronage , there were many flag officers commanding squadrons in distant waters who enjoyed the right to make necessary promotions in their ships .
as a political tool naval patronage was rather less in the control of administration than was military patronage , for although the board of admiralty [kept] all home patronage , there were many flag officers commanding squadrons in distant waters who enjoyed the right to make necessary promotions in their ships .

At the conclusion of a war there were invariably far too many officers for the reduced number of ships retained in commission , and interest was a great help in securing a place in one of them .
at the conclusion of a war there were invariably far too many officers for the reduced number of ships [kept] in commission , and interest was a great help in securing a place in one of them .

Two major Jacobite risings , and the plotting which took place on other occasions , were enough to put a considerable number of gentlemen in danger and , indeed , so long as the Jacobite cause retained a substantial following in Scotland it had a further effect upon politics , for the unwillingness of many gentlemen of Jacobite sentiments to take the oaths to Government further limited an already small electorate .
two major jacobite risings , and the plotting which took place on other occasions , were enough to put a considerable number of gentlemen in danger and , indeed , so long as the jacobite cause [kept] a substantial following in scotland it had a further effect upon politics , for the unwillingness of many gentlemen of jacobite sentiments to take the oaths to government further limited an already small electorate .

David Cunningham was ensign of the garrison company of Stirling Castle , and was son-in-law of Callander of Craigforth , an influential laird , and brother of another freeholder , but Montrose 's arranged reduction of the salary of the collector appears to have reconciled Mr. Cunningham to his military duties , and MacFarlane of Kirkton retained the post for another year .
david cunningham was ensign of the garrison company of stirling castle , and was son-in-law of callander of craigforth , an influential laird , and brother of another freeholder , but montrose 's arranged reduction of the salary of the collector appears to have reconciled mr. cunningham to his military duties , and macfarlane of kirkton [kept] the post for another year .

British studies of family life and family preferences for care for dependants indicate that family members have essentially retained their primary caring role , and prefer care in partnership with public agencies rather than wishing to hand it over ( see Moroney , 1976 ; West , 1984 ) .
british studies of family life and family preferences for care for dependants indicate that family members have essentially [kept] their primary caring role , and prefer care in partnership with public agencies rather than wishing to hand it over ( see moroney , 1976 ; west , 1984 ) .

The society pays no dividends , so after-tax profits can be retained as capital .
the society pays no dividends , so after-tax profits can be [kept] as capital .

The feelings retained their freshness in his memory : the delicious agony of watching her ; the frustration of not being able to touch her ; the pleasure he had when someone he had known at school passed along the towpath , looked up and saw him , Peter Redburn , having a drink with Kate Molland .
the feelings [kept] their freshness in his memory : the delicious agony of watching her ; the frustration of not being able to touch her ; the pleasure he had when someone he had known at school passed along the towpath , looked up and saw him , peter redburn , having a drink with kate molland .

The overall content and balance of the previous scheme will be retained to enable easy transition from old to new scheme .
the overall content and balance of the previous scheme will be [kept] to enable easy transition from old to new scheme .

These new rooms , which the Italian architect Italo Rota , who has worked with Gae Aulenti in the past , has created in the east and west wings ( formerly occupied by offices , stores and conservation labs and whose interiors therefore no longer retained their historic features ) , and extensively renovated along the south wing , now contain 700 paintings and around one hundred pastels , cartoons and miniatures .
these new rooms , which the italian architect italo rota , who has worked with gae aulenti in the past , has created in the east and west wings ( formerly occupied by offices , stores and conservation labs and whose interiors therefore no longer [kept] their historic features ) , and extensively renovated along the south wing , now contain 700 paintings and around one hundred pastels , cartoons and miniatures .

it was buried with the intention of later removal , rather than as part of a funerary burial ) , it is most likely to be retained by the Crown for the British Museum and the finder paid a sum equal to the market value of what is retained .
it was buried with the intention of later removal , rather than as part of a funerary burial ) , it is most likely to be [kept] by the crown for the british museum and the finder paid a sum equal to the market value of what is [kept] .

Jonathan Scott , Chairman of the Reviewing Committee on the Export of Works of Art has produced another of his elegantly written reports on how successful or otherwise Britain has been at retaining its preeminent works of art : the tally , eighteen out of forty-four retained — that is , a public institution or , in the case of the Delander stick barometer , a private citizen , has matched the price at which the item was being exported .
jonathan scott , chairman of the reviewing committee on the export of works of art has produced another of his elegantly written reports on how successful or otherwise britain has been at retaining its preeminent works of art : the tally , eighteen out of forty-four [kept] — that is , a public institution or , in the case of the delander stick barometer , a private citizen , has matched the price at which the item was being exported .

( • denotes retained .
( • denotes [kept] .

The greatest of 'em all , Abraham Lincoln , received a belated musical nod during 1968 , when songwriter Dick Holler linked the 16th President 's name to that of the Kennedy 's and Martin Luther King to provide Dion with a three million seller in ‘ Abraham , Martin And John ’ , while Ulysses Simpson Grant , the next Republican to be called to office in Lincoln 's wake , was hailed by Patrick Gilmore 's ‘ President Grant 's March ’ , which still gets played at the White House during various ceremonies , though far older is ‘ Hail To The Chief ’ , a ditty based on a poem by Sir Walter Scott , which was first played at the inauguration of James Knox Polk , in 1845 , and has been retained to announce the arrival of presidents ever since .
the greatest of 'em all , abraham lincoln , received a belated musical nod during 1968 , when songwriter dick holler linked the 16th president 's name to that of the kennedy 's and martin luther king to provide dion with a three million seller in ‘ abraham , martin and john ’ , while ulysses simpson grant , the next republican to be called to office in lincoln 's wake , was hailed by patrick gilmore 's ‘ president grant 's march ’ , which still gets played at the white house during various ceremonies , though far older is ‘ hail to the chief ’ , a ditty based on a poem by sir walter scott , which was first played at the inauguration of james knox polk , in 1845 , and has been [kept] to announce the arrival of presidents ever since .

Issues concerning the elderly retained this high profile in social and economic research and in public debate until the early 1960s .
issues concerning the elderly [kept] this high profile in social and economic research and in public debate until the early 1960s .

Along each side of the long window hung a heavy brocade curtain , the colour having long since disappeared , but which still retained an air of quality .
along each side of the long window hung a heavy brocade curtain , the colour having long since disappeared , but which still [kept] an air of quality .

Her lawyers had argued the heiress retained reproduction rights on works by Matisse purchased by her father before 1910 , when French law first made the distinction between property rights and ‘ immaterial rights ’ such as those of reproduction .
her lawyers had argued the heiress [kept] reproduction rights on works by matisse purchased by her father before 1910 , when french law first made the distinction between property rights and ‘ immaterial rights ’ such as those of reproduction .

Retained profit for the financial year was £221,387 , compared with £951,027 .
[kept] profit for the financial year was £221,387 , compared with £951,027 .

Because of its spread of membership , it has retained value as a forum where a wide range of ideas and views can be aired for discussion .
because of its spread of membership , it has [kept] value as a forum where a wide range of ideas and views can be aired for discussion .

Each state still retained a large measure of protectionism against the others , and complete free trade still remained as far away as ever .
each state still [kept] a large measure of protectionism against the others , and complete free trade still remained as far away as ever .

He had a new strap fitted , but had the old one retained for posterity .
he had a new strap fitted , but had the old one [kept] for posterity .

Buxton retained that access into a period when almost no other prominent active antislavery leader had it , though in accord with changing times , he saw the usefulness also of popular mobilisation .
buxton [kept] that access into a period when almost no other prominent active antislavery leader had it , though in accord with changing times , he saw the usefulness also of popular mobilisation .

Does God 's making of himself known have any abiding content which can be articulated , or can it merely be pointed to and fleetingly glimpsed , but not retained ?
does god 's making of himself known have any abiding content which can be articulated , or can it merely be pointed to and fleetingly glimpsed , but not [kept] ?

This time he sought to expunge every trace of Existentialism , but retained much of the material from the first draft , including the elements mentioned above .
this time he sought to expunge every trace of existentialism , but [kept] much of the material from the first draft , including the elements mentioned above .

Alternatively , is traditional dogmatic theology to be retained , but in a form of synthetic alliance with traditional natural theology of the kind Barth was so determined to avoid ?
alternatively , is traditional dogmatic theology to be [kept] , but in a form of synthetic alliance with traditional natural theology of the kind barth was so determined to avoid ?

Xerox Corp announced yesterday that it had developed an advanced ink-jet technology that uses a 128-nozzle print head for desktop computer printers , and that it has retained Tokyo Electric Co Ltd to assemble the printers ; Xerox is manufacturing the printers ' ink-jet cartridges at its Canandaigua , New York plant ; it notes that the 128 nozzles enable faster print speeds than competing printers ; the printer will ship later this year .
xerox corp announced yesterday that it had developed an advanced ink-jet technology that uses a 128-nozzle print head for desktop computer printers , and that it has [kept] tokyo electric co ltd to assemble the printers ; xerox is manufacturing the printers ' ink-jet cartridges at its canandaigua , new york plant ; it notes that the 128 nozzles enable faster print speeds than competing printers ; the printer will ship later this year .

The ties of dependence that originated during the period of slavery became even more extensive in the period of the formal colonization of Africa , and after dependence too , creating economies substantially dependent on a limited range of cash crops and raw materials required by the metropolitan economies which retained control over major sectors of production , pricing and the flow of profits ( Brett , 1973 ; Leys , 1975 ; Howard , 1978 ; Rodney , 1972 ; Davidson , 1974 ) .
the ties of dependence that originated during the period of slavery became even more extensive in the period of the formal colonization of africa , and after dependence too , creating economies substantially dependent on a limited range of cash crops and raw materials required by the metropolitan economies which [kept] control over major sectors of production , pricing and the flow of profits ( brett , 1973 ; leys , 1975 ; howard , 1978 ; rodney , 1972 ; davidson , 1974 ) .

They retained their existing , geographically-based , local structures but supplemented them with official plant-based groupings , and union plant representatives became recognised .
they [kept] their existing , geographically-based , local structures but supplemented them with official plant-based groupings , and union plant representatives became recognised .

They retained their existing , geographically-based , local structures but supplemented them with official plant-based groupings , and union plant representatives became recognised .
they [kept] their existing , geographically-based , local structures but supplemented them with official plant-based groupings , and union plant representatives became recognised .

In the same year , the Rumpers passed an Act for the Relief of Religious and Peaceable People ; this retained the legal requirement on the laity to take part in some form of Sunday worship , but released them from their obligation to attend the local parish church .
in the same year , the rumpers passed an act for the relief of religious and peaceable people ; this [kept] the legal requirement on the laity to take part in some form of sunday worship , but released them from their obligation to attend the local parish church .

While its theology was unmistakably Protestant , in ceremonials and externals the Elizabethan church retained many features which closely resembled those of the Catholic church .
while its theology was unmistakably protestant , in ceremonials and externals the elizabethan church [kept] many features which closely resembled those of the catholic church .

Furthermore , it is almost certainly true that the great majority of the English laity did not share the intellectuals ' and higher clergy 's attachment to the doctrine of predestination , but retained instead a residual loyalty to the idea that all could potentially achieve salvation .
furthermore , it is almost certainly true that the great majority of the english laity did not share the intellectuals ' and higher clergy 's attachment to the doctrine of predestination , but [kept] instead a residual loyalty to the idea that all could potentially achieve salvation .

The small number of new Elizabethan and Jacobean churches that were constructed were built in the Perpendicular style , and , in order to assert the continuity of medieval and Reformed churches , they retained the compartmentalized lay-out of the Gothic buildings .
the small number of new elizabethan and jacobean churches that were constructed were built in the perpendicular style , and , in order to assert the continuity of medieval and reformed churches , they [kept] the compartmentalized lay-out of the gothic buildings .

Throughout the early modern period , therefore , English Protestantism was obliged to coexist alongside a wide range of magical beliefs and practices which retained a strong hold over the popular mind .
throughout the early modern period , therefore , english protestantism was obliged to coexist alongside a wide range of magical beliefs and practices which [kept] a strong hold over the popular mind .

With all this he retained his poise , his special modest confident quality , concealing the melancholy and resisting any temptation to swank . His eyes were peeled for the main chance — but where was it ? And what was it ? And would it ever come ?
with all this he [kept] his poise , his special modest confident quality , concealing the melancholy and resisting any temptation to swank . his eyes were peeled for the main chance — but where was it ? and what was it ? and would it ever come ?

In the fifth century Augustine retained many of the bold and dramatic metaphors of his contemporaries , but moved towards a view of atonement in which Christ the mediator between God and man was pre-eminent .
in the fifth century augustine [kept] many of the bold and dramatic metaphors of his contemporaries , but moved towards a view of atonement in which christ the mediator between god and man was pre-eminent .

Its leaders had retained a distance from the perceived excesses of militancy that began to surface and gain momentum after 1917 when opposition to the war mounted and hopeful eyes turned to Russia ( for good accounts of this period see Cole 1969 and Miliband 1973 ) .
its leaders had [kept] a distance from the perceived excesses of militancy that began to surface and gain momentum after 1917 when opposition to the war mounted and hopeful eyes turned to russia ( for good accounts of this period see cole 1969 and miliband 1973 ) .

The record of the Alliance in power was one of pragmatism , perhaps not very different from that of labour had it retained control .
the record of the alliance in power was one of pragmatism , perhaps not very different from that of labour had it [kept] control .

But every letter is unique and even a retained copy , the equivalent of a modern carbon , does not detract from that essential quality : so that criteria are not so stern .
but every letter is unique and even a [kept] copy , the equivalent of a modern carbon , does not detract from that essential quality : so that criteria are not so stern .

The loan would fund both upgradings at the hospital to be retained and new community services .
the loan would fund both upgradings at the hospital to be [kept] and new community services .

When the Company retained a courtier , Sir Thomas Roe , to strengthen their position at Agra in 1616 , he advised them that their factories need not be fortified because the Moghuls were perfectly able to keep the peace that traders needed , and could capture fortified towns if they set their minds to it .
when the company [kept] a courtier , sir thomas roe , to strengthen their position at agra in 1616 , he advised them that their factories need not be fortified because the moghuls were perfectly able to keep the peace that traders needed , and could capture fortified towns if they set their minds to it .

Maryland was organized as a late and formal version of the feudal system , the Virginian way of life was always expected to reflect some memories of the heirs of the Elizabethan gentlemen and seadogs who had launched it , and Massachusetts and the other New England colonies that emerged from it retained a moral earnestness that sometimes survived the loss of the faith that had initially inspired the earnestness .
maryland was organized as a late and formal version of the feudal system , the virginian way of life was always expected to reflect some memories of the heirs of the elizabethan gentlemen and seadogs who had launched it , and massachusetts and the other new england colonies that emerged from it [kept] a moral earnestness that sometimes survived the loss of the faith that had initially inspired the earnestness .

Unix System Laboratories Inc , Summit , New Jersey has retained Software Leasing Corp to give customers up to 60 months to finance the initial licence fees for its products .
unix system laboratories inc , summit , new jersey has [kept] software leasing corp to give customers up to 60 months to finance the initial licence fees for its products .

Moving right up to date , Andres Gomez scored a popular point for Ecuador in 1990 , while the two most recent Grand Slam debutants were Monica Seles , who first won the French title in the same year and who retained it last year , and the current men 's title holder , the American Jim Courier .
moving right up to date , andres gomez scored a popular point for ecuador in 1990 , while the two most recent grand slam debutants were monica seles , who first won the french title in the same year and who [kept] it last year , and the current men 's title holder , the american jim courier .

Many are still being retained in the blue/grey livery , making a pleasant change from other preserved lines .
many are still being [kept] in the blue/grey livery , making a pleasant change from other preserved lines .

Normally , the drug itself is retained by a protective coating which conceals its taste .
normally , the drug itself is [kept] by a protective coating which conceals its taste .

The company have retained the leisurely atmosphere of the turn-of-the-century light railway being situated off the major tourist circuits .
the company have [kept] the leisurely atmosphere of the turn-of-the-century light railway being situated off the major tourist circuits .

They may be retained there for days or weeks before swimming up to the top of the tract and fertilising an egg .
they may be [kept] there for days or weeks before swimming up to the top of the tract and fertilising an egg .

The glycosides are even retained as the caterpillar changes into a butterfly and help to protect it from predatory birds .
the glycosides are even [kept] as the caterpillar changes into a butterfly and help to protect it from predatory birds .

Although Helen and Paul have completed extensive renovations , they have intentionally retained the original character of what was a 17th-century inn .
although helen and paul have completed extensive renovations , they have intentionally [kept] the original character of what was a 17th-century inn .

So the boy was honourably mind-wiped and his zombie anatomy retained for study in a nutrient tank in a laboratory of the Apothacarion .
so the boy was honourably mind-wiped and his zombie anatomy [kept] for study in a nutrient tank in a laboratory of the apothacarion .

( c ) Ensure that no voucher is retained for a longer period than 14 days from receipt .
( c ) ensure that no voucher is [kept] for a longer period than 14 days from receipt .

Where trees are to be retained on site , or are outside the site boundary and therefore can not be removed in order to avoid possible subsidence in clay or similar sub-soils , part of the site may be sterilised ( designated ’ unusable ’ ) in order to keep buildings at a safe distance .
where trees are to be [kept] on site , or are outside the site boundary and therefore can not be removed in order to avoid possible subsidence in clay or similar sub-soils , part of the site may be sterilised ( designated ’ unusable ’ ) in order to keep buildings at a safe distance .

The access road , however , may not actually reach the boundary of the site and the original developer may have retained a strip as narrow as 1 m .
the access road , however , may not actually reach the boundary of the site and the original developer may have [kept] a strip as narrow as 1 m .

The effect of trees on foundation design was discussed earlier but a physical inspection of the site should include the location of all major trees , particularly where they are required to be retained under a tree preservation order and may therefore affect layout and density .
the effect of trees on foundation design was discussed earlier but a physical inspection of the site should include the location of all major trees , particularly where they are required to be [kept] under a tree preservation order and may therefore affect layout and density .

In reality , owing to the fact that the majority of stock retained by a builder may well be surplus materials returned from completed contracts , valuation on the basis of net realisable value will be the most frequent method adopted .
in reality , owing to the fact that the majority of stock [kept] by a builder may well be surplus materials returned from completed contracts , valuation on the basis of net realisable value will be the most frequent method adopted .

The invoices will of course be retained on the surveyor 's file and the internal certificate will form the documentation for both the financial and the cost accounts .
the invoices will of course be [kept] on the surveyor 's file and the internal certificate will form the documentation for both the financial and the cost accounts .

The copy invoice should be retained by the accounts department and the original sent to the buying department or other department or individual responsible for checking the invoice ( see Chapter 5 ) .
the copy invoice should be [kept] by the accounts department and the original sent to the buying department or other department or individual responsible for checking the invoice ( see chapter 5 ) .

( d ) All the cost information for a project is retained in one or a very small number of files .
( d ) all the cost information for a project is [kept] in one or a very small number of files .

It is possible that , in future computer costing systems , a micro-film record of each document could be retained within the computer system and extracted on demand when required .
it is possible that , in future computer costing systems , a micro-film record of each document could be [kept] within the computer system and extracted on demand when required .

Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania had been conquered from Sweden in the eighteenth century and incorporated as ‘ Baltic provinces ’ into the Russian Empire in the early nineteenth century , although a German landowning and commercial class retained substantial influence .
estonia , latvia and lithuania had been conquered from sweden in the eighteenth century and incorporated as ‘ baltic provinces ’ into the russian empire in the early nineteenth century , although a german landowning and commercial class [kept] substantial influence .

Pybus was duly sacked but retained as club coach in a refreshment-making capacity .
pybus was duly sacked but [kept] as club coach in a refreshment-making capacity .

‘ Helpful ’ was not the word Christina would have used , but Mr Braithwaite had grudgingly reached an accommodation with a local lawyer whom Stephen had retained to act for them .
‘ helpful ’ was not the word christina would have used , but mr braithwaite had grudgingly reached an accommodation with a local lawyer whom stephen had [kept] to act for them .

Mute e is generally retained after soft c or g ( e.g .
mute e is generally [kept] after soft c or g ( e.g .

In pursuit of this ‘ basic goal ’ , the Philadelphia project retained , in the form of a telephone survey , the advantages of the formal interview with its emphasis on collecting strictly schematized and comparable data from a systematically sampled population .
in pursuit of this ‘ basic goal ’ , the philadelphia project [kept] , in the form of a telephone survey , the advantages of the formal interview with its emphasis on collecting strictly schematized and comparable data from a systematically sampled population .

In typical nemo dat quod non habet ( no one can convey what he does not have ) fashion , the rights acquired by the consignee or transferee of the bill were measured by the rights conveyed or retained by the shipper .
in typical nemo dat quod non habet ( no one can convey what he does not have ) fashion , the rights acquired by the consignee or transferee of the bill were measured by the rights conveyed or [kept] by the shipper .

Pursuant to the Warsaw Convention air waybills are issued in sets of three originals ; one is retained by the issuer , another is sent to the consignee , and the third is sent to the shipper .
pursuant to the warsaw convention air waybills are issued in sets of three originals ; one is [kept] by the issuer , another is sent to the consignee , and the third is sent to the shipper .

It may be wondered why this doctrine is retained , but it has great advantages for both the major groups involved — the ministers and the civil servants .
it may be wondered why this doctrine is [kept] , but it has great advantages for both the major groups involved — the ministers and the civil servants .

Thus ministerial responsibility is the main principle moulding the structure and outlook of the senior civil service and it is retained because it does much to reinforce the special position and powers both of ministers and of civil servants .
thus ministerial responsibility is the main principle moulding the structure and outlook of the senior civil service and it is [kept] because it does much to reinforce the special position and powers both of ministers and of civil servants .

After the 1970 election victory they introduced a reform of local government structure which retained a two-tier system throughout the country with duties divided between county and district councils .
after the 1970 election victory they introduced a reform of local government structure which [kept] a two-tier system throughout the country with duties divided between county and district councils .

But those barristers retained to represent the Government — called Treasury Counsel — are very likely to be offered High Court judgeships in due course .
but those barristers [kept] to represent the government — called treasury counsel — are very likely to be offered high court judgeships in due course .

The new pop retained its radical credibility as long as the music business was on the defensive ; and in the late 1970s context of falling sales and punk politics there was , indeed , a sense that pop 's usual gatekeepers ( Artists and Repertoire departments , radio programmers , music press editors ) were not in control of what was happening .
the new pop [kept] its radical credibility as long as the music business was on the defensive ; and in the late 1970s context of falling sales and punk politics there was , indeed , a sense that pop 's usual gatekeepers ( artists and repertoire departments , radio programmers , music press editors ) were not in control of what was happening .

Yet , however extended , the basic process of writing and printing retained at least some elements of mediation .
yet , however extended , the basic process of writing and printing [kept] at least some elements of mediation .

Because of the workings of the housing market the local working population tends to congregate on the village council housing estate ( where one is available ) , where the closely knit patterns of neighbourly association which were part of the occupational community are retained .
because of the workings of the housing market the local working population tends to congregate on the village council housing estate ( where one is available ) , where the closely knit patterns of neighbourly association which were part of the occupational community are [kept] .

Sheep-mown hills can only be retained where sheep farming prospers ; otherwise the hillsides will revert to equally disfiguring scrub as farms are eventually abandoned .
sheep-mown hills can only be [kept] where sheep farming prospers ; otherwise the hillsides will revert to equally disfiguring scrub as farms are eventually abandoned .

As to the functions retained by the board itself there is no consistent practice .
as to the functions [kept] by the board itself there is no consistent practice .

This need not be of great concern to management , however , given the capacity of most companies to finance themselves through retained earnings .
this need not be of great concern to management , however , given the capacity of most companies to finance themselves through [kept] earnings .

She was too sore to want it inside her , and her mouth still retained the lingering taste of urine .
she was too sore to want it inside her , and her mouth still [kept] the lingering taste of urine .

For even as he recognised its horror he still retained the possibility that it might be available , as a way out .
for even as he recognised its horror he still [kept] the possibility that it might be available , as a way out .

This position would be retained and they proceeded each to rest his chin on the other 's shoulder — heads nuzzled close together like horses lodged in affection — and then swing their arms in order to take a grip on the flattened back of their opponent .
this position would be [kept] and they proceeded each to rest his chin on the other 's shoulder — heads nuzzled close together like horses lodged in affection — and then swing their arms in order to take a grip on the flattened back of their opponent .

Another is that they retained some of the broader arts/science contrasts of the physicists : the progressive nature of science , for example , compared with the static nature of arts :
another is that they [kept] some of the broader arts/science contrasts of the physicists : the progressive nature of science , for example , compared with the static nature of arts :

Sukarno , Hatta , their ministers and Sjahrir ( retained as an adviser ) were all arrested and flown off to places of exile .
sukarno , hatta , their ministers and sjahrir ( [kept] as an adviser ) were all arrested and flown off to places of exile .

Nevertheless , the farmers had to sell at a controlled price and vast sums were retained by Britain , exporting cocoa for dollars .
nevertheless , the farmers had to sell at a controlled price and vast sums were [kept] by britain , exporting cocoa for dollars .

However , the elected members were chosen by an electoral college dominated by the chiefs and the clear intention was to provide political training for the chiefs and the so-called intelligentsia while the Governor retained all power .
however , the elected members were chosen by an electoral college dominated by the chiefs and the clear intention was to provide political training for the chiefs and the so-called intelligentsia while the governor [kept] all power .

In 1972 , less than 16 per cent of this age group had been found to be upwardly mobile as against 60 per cent who retained their working class positions ( p. 18 ) .
in 1972 , less than 16 per cent of this age group had been found to be upwardly mobile as against 60 per cent who [kept] their working class positions ( p. 18 ) .

In the instances reported in this chapter , the high-performance strategy was introduced to existing plants which retained , at least in part , traditional methods of working and managing in some areas , and are thus qualitatively different from new design plants , in Lawler 's terminology .
in the instances reported in this chapter , the high-performance strategy was introduced to existing plants which [kept] , at least in part , traditional methods of working and managing in some areas , and are thus qualitatively different from new design plants , in lawler 's terminology .

The tenacity with which fascist groups have retained the antisemitic conspiracy theory raises important questions about the nature of contemporary antisemitism .
the tenacity with which fascist groups have [kept] the antisemitic conspiracy theory raises important questions about the nature of contemporary antisemitism .

As a result , not all the imagery of antisemitism has been discarded ; the image of ‘ powerful ’ Jews is retained , even at the instant when the conspiracy tradition appears to be criticized .
as a result , not all the imagery of antisemitism has been discarded ; the image of ‘ powerful ’ jews is [kept] , even at the instant when the conspiracy tradition appears to be criticized .

Male employees retained these rights after retirement .
male employees [kept] these rights after retirement .

If they are retained by the liquidator , this will be under a new contract of employment .
if they are [kept] by the liquidator , this will be under a new contract of employment .

On the other hand , when the semantic function is retained , it is the plastic form which is inverted ’ ( Lévi-Strauss 1982 : 93 ) .
on the other hand , when the semantic function is [kept] , it is the plastic form which is inverted ’ ( lévi-strauss 1982 : 93 ) .

More recently , studies of modern objects by archaeologists working in the sub-discipline of ethno-archaeology have sought to provide ‘ general and testable ’ laws of stylistic behaviour , strongly influenced by an extreme and exquisitely inappropriate form of positivism which took hold of the discipline in the 1960s , and appears to have been retained long after most other social sciences threw off its shackles ( e.g .
more recently , studies of modern objects by archaeologists working in the sub-discipline of ethno-archaeology have sought to provide ‘ general and testable ’ laws of stylistic behaviour , strongly influenced by an extreme and exquisitely inappropriate form of positivism which took hold of the discipline in the 1960s , and appears to have been [kept] long after most other social sciences threw off its shackles ( e.g .

In many cases the headquarters were retained in the central region and only the production processes were decentralized .
in many cases the headquarters were [kept] in the central region and only the production processes were decentralized .

Moreover , throughout all these swings , London has retained a peculiar importance within the national economy as a whole .
moreover , throughout all these swings , london has [kept] a peculiar importance within the national economy as a whole .

According to Lipset and Rokkan , the current pattern of cleavages mobilized by parties reflects a three-stage development of ‘ alliance-opposition structures ’ : the post-Reformation stage , in which the state was allied either to a national church ( as in England ) or to the supranational Roman Catholic church ; a ‘ democratic revolution ’ stage , in which the established church retained much greater secular power in some countries than others ; and the industrial stage , with the division between landed and urban interests .
according to lipset and rokkan , the current pattern of cleavages mobilized by parties reflects a three-stage development of ‘ alliance-opposition structures ’ : the post-reformation stage , in which the state was allied either to a national church ( as in england ) or to the supranational roman catholic church ; a ‘ democratic revolution ’ stage , in which the established church [kept] much greater secular power in some countries than others ; and the industrial stage , with the division between landed and urban interests .

As a compromise , the Nottinghamshire Miners ' Association and the owners agreed to a modified piece-rate system for each coalface , but nevertheless many owners retained the butty system , and it was revived when the Dukeries field was opened .
as a compromise , the nottinghamshire miners ' association and the owners agreed to a modified piece-rate system for each coalface , but nevertheless many owners [kept] the butty system , and it was revived when the dukeries field was opened .

Elsewhere in the country , seats were more marginal , defeat somewhat more likely , and thus power in the Congress less easily retained .
elsewhere in the country , seats were more marginal , defeat somewhat more likely , and thus power in the congress less easily [kept] .

Nevertheless , in fact as well as in fiction , even those almost totally indigent retained their pride .
nevertheless , in fact as well as in fiction , even those almost totally indigent [kept] their pride .

Although the faculty-based approach was retained , the scope of the activity was limited by stressing a group ‘ objectives-setting ’ exercise aimed at the forthcoming year .
although the faculty-based approach was [kept] , the scope of the activity was limited by stressing a group ‘ objectives-setting ’ exercise aimed at the forthcoming year .

Abdu retained a great loyalty to his former mistress and spoke of her with reverence .
abdu [kept] a great loyalty to his former mistress and spoke of her with reverence .

‘ Financial Secretary : The existing law which applies to the taxation of some of these benefits will be retained .
‘ financial secretary : the existing law which applies to the taxation of some of these benefits will be [kept] .

In 1826 and 1827 it seems to have retained some trade union functions , including support for litigation on behalf of its members .
in 1826 and 1827 it seems to have [kept] some trade union functions , including support for litigation on behalf of its members .

Owners , although required to pay 50 percent of surplus profits towards the cost of the war , retained nevertheless a 575 per cent increase on 1913 profits on average . ``
owners , although required to pay 50 percent of surplus profits towards the cost of the war , [kept] nevertheless a 575 per cent increase on 1913 profits on average . ``

The function is retained as relationships , existing in the intersection between domains that specify the geometric requirements , either directly by rules or indirectly through a controlling set of programs .
the function is [kept] as relationships , existing in the intersection between domains that specify the geometric requirements , either directly by rules or indirectly through a controlling set of programs .

The enveloping box is also retained , followed by a primary set of silhouettes constructed in each orthogonal direction by automatically driving a chain around the border .
the enveloping box is also [kept] , followed by a primary set of silhouettes constructed in each orthogonal direction by automatically driving a chain around the border .

It was an alarming and not very attractive event in which the Bisus were treated more like circus whores than like priests , yet retained a touchingly self-possessed dignity , despite the ragging they received from their `` flock `` and the abuse to which they subjected themselves with their own blades .
it was an alarming and not very attractive event in which the bisus were treated more like circus whores than like priests , yet [kept] a touchingly self-possessed dignity , despite the ragging they received from their `` flock `` and the abuse to which they subjected themselves with their own blades .

All the detailed notes , comments and drafts used in the preparation of the main report should be retained for reference in a second private report .
all the detailed notes , comments and drafts used in the preparation of the main report should be [kept] for reference in a second private report .

If , you carried out experiments with plant or equipment the detailed readings you took must be retained in their original and dated form .
if , you carried out experiments with plant or equipment the detailed readings you took must be [kept] in their original and dated form .

Drafts that you made of the report and later improved or discarded should also be retained .
drafts that you made of the report and later improved or discarded should also be [kept] .

( 5 ) The detailed notes , comments and drafts used in the preparation of the report should all be retained , put in order and filed .
( 5 ) the detailed notes , comments and drafts used in the preparation of the report should all be [kept] , put in order and filed .

So she gave up , and sat between the vines in the hot sun , alternately sleeping and working her way through the dusty volumes of Peregrine Pickle , bound in crimson and gold leather , with real bookworms making agitated forays from their dark crannies into the heat and light across the extraordinary scenes where Smollett 's elderly ladies retained their urine indefinitely to put out putative fires , or sweetened their foul breaths with violet cachous to deceive desired young lovers .
so she gave up , and sat between the vines in the hot sun , alternately sleeping and working her way through the dusty volumes of peregrine pickle , bound in crimson and gold leather , with real bookworms making agitated forays from their dark crannies into the heat and light across the extraordinary scenes where smollett 's elderly ladies [kept] their urine indefinitely to put out putative fires , or sweetened their foul breaths with violet cachous to deceive desired young lovers .

What we know about the Ukrainian Division is that it was not retained by 5 Corps in Austria , and that by the end of May it had turned up in Italy .
what we know about the ukrainian division is that it was not [kept] by 5 corps in austria , and that by the end of may it had turned up in italy .

The following should be separately disclosed for the investing group , showing the aggregate share of : profit before tax , tax charge , extraordinary items if material to the group 's results , net profit retained ( shown in the notes to the accounts ) .
the following should be separately disclosed for the investing group , showing the aggregate share of : profit before tax , tax charge , extraordinary items if material to the group 's results , net profit [kept] ( shown in the notes to the accounts ) .

Retained profits
[kept] profits

Make a reference on the face of the profit and loss account as to the position of the statement of retained profits if it does not immediately follow the profit and loss account .
make a reference on the face of the profit and loss account as to the position of the statement of [kept] profits if it does not immediately follow the profit and loss account .

The investing group 's share of aggregate net profits less losses retained by associated companies should be disclosed separately in the financial statements of the investing group .
the investing group 's share of aggregate net profits less losses [kept] by associated companies should be disclosed separately in the financial statements of the investing group .

The directors recommend a final ordinary dividend amount to £21,000 which , with preference dividends of £665 , leaves retained profits of £17.068 .
the directors recommend a final ordinary dividend amount to £21,000 which , with preference dividends of £665 , leaves [kept] profits of £17.068 .

Retained profits
[kept] profits

petals strongly and sweetly perfumed , retained over a long period when dried , used in perfumery , potpourris , for perfuming writing paper .
petals strongly and sweetly perfumed , [kept] over a long period when dried , used in perfumery , potpourris , for perfuming writing paper .

It is possible that the subject retained a single letter in the form of a visual representation of the acoustic stimulus and that he subsequently matched this representation against the visually presented probe stimulus .
it is possible that the subject [kept] a single letter in the form of a visual representation of the acoustic stimulus and that he subsequently matched this representation against the visually presented probe stimulus .

He has retained his post at the imperial court in Hue .
he has [kept] his post at the imperial court in hue .

Phat was Duclos ' particular favourite among the cai because the ruthless sadism with which he disciplined his fellow coolies was matched by the utter servility he showed to Duclos to ensure he retained both his approval and the necessary stamp of his authority .
phat was duclos ' particular favourite among the cai because the ruthless sadism with which he disciplined his fellow coolies was matched by the utter servility he showed to duclos to ensure he [kept] both his approval and the necessary stamp of his authority .

Phat counted the strokes , darting an occasional glance at Duclos to ensure he retained his approval .
phat counted the strokes , darting an occasional glance at duclos to ensure he [kept] his approval .

freehold vote was to be retained in the counties , but in the boroughs the vote was everywhere to be offered to the £10 householder , the man who occupied — either as owner or tenant of one landlord buildings of an annual value of £10 .
freehold vote was to be [kept] in the counties , but in the boroughs the vote was everywhere to be offered to the £10 householder , the man who occupied — either as owner or tenant of one landlord buildings of an annual value of £10 .

But even in those countries in which industrialization was most advanced , agriculture still retained an important place in the economy …
but even in those countries in which industrialization was most advanced , agriculture still [kept] an important place in the economy …

The owners of smaller industrial enterprises usually retained many of the antiaristocratic views of the early nineteenth century , when the bourgeoisie had been struggling against the Old Regime .
the owners of smaller industrial enterprises usually [kept] many of the antiaristocratic views of the early nineteenth century , when the bourgeoisie had been struggling against the old regime .

As such , and particularly after Empress Elizabeth 's de facto abolition of the death penalty for criminal offences in 1753 , exile to katorga , followed by perpetual exile in Siberia ( ssylka na katorgu v Sibir ) , was to be retained as the harshest form of punishment in the tsarist penal code until the revolutions of 1917 — though of course it survived far beyond that date under a different dispensation .
as such , and particularly after empress elizabeth 's de facto abolition of the death penalty for criminal offences in 1753 , exile to katorga , followed by perpetual exile in siberia ( ssylka na katorgu v sibir ) , was to be [kept] as the harshest form of punishment in the tsarist penal code until the revolutions of 1917 — though of course it survived far beyond that date under a different dispensation .

The native tribal organizations were even retained , since they could be used tor yasak collection .
the native tribal organizations were even [kept] , since they could be used tor yasak collection .

The retained air also regulates the snail 's buoyancy ; adjustments to the chamber volume let the snail rise or sink .
the [kept] air also regulates the snail 's buoyancy ; adjustments to the chamber volume let the snail rise or sink .

In a recent well-publicised controversy a group of scientists claimed to have obtained results whereby water that once had a certain substance in it continued to behave as if the substance was present even after the substance had been removed ; as if the water retained a ‘ memory ’ of the substance .
in a recent well-publicised controversy a group of scientists claimed to have obtained results whereby water that once had a certain substance in it continued to behave as if the substance was present even after the substance had been removed ; as if the water [kept] a ‘ memory ’ of the substance .

However , he claimed that in other respects clerks had retained distinct market advantages over manual workers .
however , he claimed that in other respects clerks had [kept] distinct market advantages over manual workers .

Werner Bischof was one of the great photographic witnesses of his time . Whether documenting a war atrocity or capturing the beauty of a Japanese garden , his photographs always retained that special ingredient — sensitivity
werner bischof was one of the great photographic witnesses of his time . whether documenting a war atrocity or capturing the beauty of a japanese garden , his photographs always [kept] that special ingredient — sensitivity

Those that fail subsequent tests are rejected , while those that survive all the tests to which they are subjected are tentatively retained .
those that fail subsequent tests are rejected , while those that survive all the tests to which they are subjected are tentatively [kept] .

Those that survive experimental tests are provisionally retained and those that fail to survive them are rejected , although some decisions are open to appeal in the light of some further ingenious , independently testable hypothesis .
those that survive experimental tests are provisionally [kept] and those that fail to survive them are rejected , although some decisions are open to appeal in the light of some further ingenious , independently testable hypothesis .

This is well-illustrated by the plentiful funerary monuments of hellenistic Boiotia , which retain features , such as the simple naming of the dead man without patronymic , which in other parts of the Greek world had long given way to more sophisticated formulae ; and Boiotia retained her local script till the age of Epaminondas in the fourth century .
this is well-illustrated by the plentiful funerary monuments of hellenistic boiotia , which retain features , such as the simple naming of the dead man without patronymic , which in other parts of the greek world had long given way to more sophisticated formulae ; and boiotia [kept] her local script till the age of epaminondas in the fourth century .

This is supported by the few studies specifically of rural areas ; Moseley and Townroe ( 1973 ) found that immigrant firms in East Anglia retained most of their original linkages outside the region , and Hodge and Whitby ( 1979 ) , in a study of the eastern Scottish Borders , found that few in-migrant firms had important local linkages .
this is supported by the few studies specifically of rural areas ; moseley and townroe ( 1973 ) found that immigrant firms in east anglia [kept] most of their original linkages outside the region , and hodge and whitby ( 1979 ) , in a study of the eastern scottish borders , found that few in-migrant firms had important local linkages .

There are still critics , however , who believe that only the more profitable routes will be retained in this system ; that it places too great a reliance upon operators identifying socially important routes , and seeking and obtaining subsidies to maintain them ; and that a piecemeal system will result .
there are still critics , however , who believe that only the more profitable routes will be [kept] in this system ; that it places too great a reliance upon operators identifying socially important routes , and seeking and obtaining subsidies to maintain them ; and that a piecemeal system will result .

In this way of analysis , the importance of changes in economic and social relations is retained — particularly at the level of the situation , where homologies , in the sense defined earlier , may be thought to operate — while relative autonomy for cultural and ideological elements is especially noticeable at the conjunctural level , for these elements may change at differing speeds , in differing ways .
in this way of analysis , the importance of changes in economic and social relations is [kept] — particularly at the level of the situation , where homologies , in the sense defined earlier , may be thought to operate — while relative autonomy for cultural and ideological elements is especially noticeable at the conjunctural level , for these elements may change at differing speeds , in differing ways .

But at a time when tunes from bourgeois sources were increasingly popular and when traditional , so called ‘ folk ’ tunes were in decline , certainly in the music hall , Corvan used comparatively few of the former and actively retained many of the latter .
but at a time when tunes from bourgeois sources were increasingly popular and when traditional , so called ‘ folk ’ tunes were in decline , certainly in the music hall , corvan used comparatively few of the former and actively [kept] many of the latter .

At the same time , late nineteenth-century American petit-bourgeois music culture still retained ‘ progressive ’ elements , unlike its European equivalent , which by then was mostly intent on hedonistic quiescence ; and the active , energetic components of this anti-elitist , common-man tradition ( in vaudeville for example ) fed through into early Tin Pan Alley song where they formed an uneasy synthesis with the tendency to conservative mass-production stereotypes .
at the same time , late nineteenth-century american petit-bourgeois music culture still [kept] ‘ progressive ’ elements , unlike its european equivalent , which by then was mostly intent on hedonistic quiescence ; and the active , energetic components of this anti-elitist , common-man tradition ( in vaudeville for example ) fed through into early tin pan alley song where they formed an uneasy synthesis with the tendency to conservative mass-production stereotypes .

But this would also account for the fact that within this system many singers — Marie Lloyd , for instance — retained performing styles heavily influenced by oral traditions ; they often did not read music — as , notoriously , the accompanying orchestras had to remember .
but this would also account for the fact that within this system many singers — marie lloyd , for instance — [kept] performing styles heavily influenced by oral traditions ; they often did not read music — as , notoriously , the accompanying orchestras had to remember .

The ‘ middle class ’ designation has retained some validity for so long , covering such disparate socio-economic categories , largely because of the remarkable tenacity of the amalgam of cultural values which characterised the nineteenth century middle classes : part bourgeois ( thrift , independence ) and part acquired from the aristocracy and gentry ( respectability , ‘ gentlemanly ’ behaviour ) .
the ‘ middle class ’ designation has [kept] some validity for so long , covering such disparate socio-economic categories , largely because of the remarkable tenacity of the amalgam of cultural values which characterised the nineteenth century middle classes : part bourgeois ( thrift , independence ) and part acquired from the aristocracy and gentry ( respectability , ‘ gentlemanly ’ behaviour ) .

In July compulsory wage restraint was ended , but the Price Commission was retained .
in july compulsory wage restraint was ended , but the price commission was [kept] .

It retained the loyalty of a sufficient proportion of the army to stamp out the mutinies , impose martial law in Poland , deploy troops on a wide scale in the countryside , and crush both the soviets and the week-long guerrilla-style urban uprisings of December .
it [kept] the loyalty of a sufficient proportion of the army to stamp out the mutinies , impose martial law in poland , deploy troops on a wide scale in the countryside , and crush both the soviets and the week-long guerrilla-style urban uprisings of december .

The Tsar retained the power to veto all legislation and should an emergency arise while the Duma was not in session , Article 87 of the Fundamental Laws enabled him to legislate by decree .
the tsar [kept] the power to veto all legislation and should an emergency arise while the duma was not in session , article 87 of the fundamental laws enabled him to legislate by decree .

And more generally , the relatively highly-skilled and urbanized workers in the metalworking industry displayed greater sustained militancy than did those in the textile industry who were less educated and retained closer links with the countryside .
and more generally , the relatively highly-skilled and urbanized workers in the metalworking industry displayed greater sustained militancy than did those in the textile industry who were less educated and [kept] closer links with the countryside .

is one example of such a tariff , but only one : a retributive tariff could be considerably more lenient than this , as long as the proportionate relationship between crimes and punishments was retained .
is one example of such a tariff , but only one : a retributive tariff could be considerably more lenient than this , as long as the proportionate relationship between crimes and punishments was [kept] .

For example , it has often been observed ( by no means only by Marxists ) that the ideas of Beccaria — and the Enlightenment generally — were linked to the interests of the bourgeois class who were gaining in economic and political power at the time but still needed legal protection against the old ruling class , the landowning aristocracy who retained a corrupt control of the levers of state power ( Beccaria , 1963 : xxi ; Taylor et al .
for example , it has often been observed ( by no means only by marxists ) that the ideas of beccaria — and the enlightenment generally — were linked to the interests of the bourgeois class who were gaining in economic and political power at the time but still needed legal protection against the old ruling class , the landowning aristocracy who [kept] a corrupt control of the levers of state power ( beccaria , 1963 : xxi ; taylor et al .

The coastal cities of Dalmatia , whether under Byzantine or Slav rule , still contained many Romanised Illyrians who retained their Latin culture .
the coastal cities of dalmatia , whether under byzantine or slav rule , still contained many romanised illyrians who [kept] their latin culture .

The Slovenes were under Austrian/German rule for most of their long history , from the Middle Ages until the twentieth century , yet they retained their distinct Slav culture ; their national revival in the nineteenth century could draw on a rich cultural heritage .
the slovenes were under austrian/german rule for most of their long history , from the middle ages until the twentieth century , yet they [kept] their distinct slav culture ; their national revival in the nineteenth century could draw on a rich cultural heritage .

The Croats point to the fact that they retained their own chief executive — the ban ; their own assembly , the Sabor ; and their own judicial system .
the croats point to the fact that they [kept] their own chief executive — the ban ; their own assembly , the sabor ; and their own judicial system .

After the opening page , he noticed that he had retained nothing of what followed and that he was eating a potato crisp .
after the opening page , he noticed that he had [kept] nothing of what followed and that he was eating a potato crisp .

Or perhaps not , if she retained enough satisfaction in keeping her boring husband on the hook .
or perhaps not , if she [kept] enough satisfaction in keeping her boring husband on the hook .

The miniature flute was the only object Carrefour retained from his childhood , and the only one which he even remembered with any clarity .
the miniature flute was the only object carrefour [kept] from his childhood , and the only one which he even remembered with any clarity .

These forms of strict liability have been retained by the Animals Act 1971 and , though they have been subjected to considerable modification , much of the old learning will continue to be relevant .
these forms of strict liability have been [kept] by the animals act 1971 and , though they have been subjected to considerable modification , much of the old learning will continue to be relevant .

The Law Commission concluded that some remedy of this type should be retained but considered that the old remedy was so hedged about with limitations ( in particular , it provided no power of sale ) and obscurities that it would be better to create a new , statutory right .
the law commission concluded that some remedy of this type should be [kept] but considered that the old remedy was so hedged about with limitations ( in particular , it provided no power of sale ) and obscurities that it would be better to create a new , statutory right .

Detinue , with its procedural disadvantages , wilted considerably under this treatment though it retained a place in the law because inability to redeliver as a result of loss or destruction of the goods could not amount to a positive denial of title for the purposes of conversion .
detinue , with its procedural disadvantages , wilted considerably under this treatment though it [kept] a place in the law because inability to redeliver as a result of loss or destruction of the goods could not amount to a positive denial of title for the purposes of conversion .

The 1969 Children and Young Persons Act retained the juvenile court system but reduced the effective powers of the juvenile magistrates .
the 1969 children and young persons act [kept] the juvenile court system but reduced the effective powers of the juvenile magistrates .

Records had been retained for deaths , out migrants , and secessions from the list , with summaries sent to new doctors .
records had been [kept] for deaths , out migrants , and secessions from the list , with summaries sent to new doctors .

They retained their status , and often jobs , in the community , and tension among relatives was relieved .
they [kept] their status , and often jobs , in the community , and tension among relatives was relieved .

She accused her husband of fucking around and retained me to prove it .
she accused her husband of fucking around and [kept] me to prove it .

After Adelaide , Bodyline was not exploited with quite the same intensity , but the crowds retained their fury at the mere sight of a ‘ bumper ’ .
after adelaide , bodyline was not exploited with quite the same intensity , but the crowds [kept] their fury at the mere sight of a ‘ bumper ’ .

Even the name of the medical school could be retained with just the postcode changed .
even the name of the medical school could be [kept] with just the postcode changed .

An experienced general manager has been retained in a consultancy role and has been present on practically all the visits to units since August 1991 .
an experienced general manager has been [kept] in a consultancy role and has been present on practically all the visits to units since august 1991 .

Scherzingefl , which also attracts its share of holiday-makers , has retained its village atmosphere , and has a baroque church as well as a former Benedictine monastery .
scherzingefl , which also attracts its share of holiday-makers , has [kept] its village atmosphere , and has a baroque church as well as a former benedictine monastery .

Although , in the final analysis , Nizan retained a fundamentally manichean view of the world , and was consequently able , despite a growing recognition of the complex reality of political activity , to propose the clarity of an ultimate division into Good and Evil , anti-fascist and fascist , the urgent political need to enter into dialogue with liberal bourgeois organisations and liberal bourgeois writers and artists necessitated on occasions quite convoluted argumentation , justification and explanation which stand in stark contrast to the simplistic black and white denunciations of the period prior to 1934 .
although , in the final analysis , nizan [kept] a fundamentally manichean view of the world , and was consequently able , despite a growing recognition of the complex reality of political activity , to propose the clarity of an ultimate division into good and evil , anti-fascist and fascist , the urgent political need to enter into dialogue with liberal bourgeois organisations and liberal bourgeois writers and artists necessitated on occasions quite convoluted argumentation , justification and explanation which stand in stark contrast to the simplistic black and white denunciations of the period prior to 1934 .

The specificity of literature , as Bukharin resolutely argued at the 1934 Congress , must be retained if the ideological effect of literature is itself not to be rendered impotent .
the specificity of literature , as bukharin resolutely argued at the 1934 congress , must be [kept] if the ideological effect of literature is itself not to be rendered impotent .

This preference for an explicitly manichean vision of the world which Nizan retained throughout his life is symptomatic of the fundamental divisions which permeate all his thinking on cultural activity .
this preference for an explicitly manichean vision of the world which nizan [kept] throughout his life is symptomatic of the fundamental divisions which permeate all his thinking on cultural activity .

One is unlikely to forget the lush quality of the velour curtain retained by a gold ring that adorns the cover .
one is unlikely to forget the lush quality of the velour curtain [kept] by a gold ring that adorns the cover .

Blyth Valley objected to this , not on the grounds that industrial land was being used for non-manufacturing purposes , but because it wanted the site retained as a green belt .
blyth valley objected to this , not on the grounds that industrial land was being used for non-manufacturing purposes , but because it wanted the site [kept] as a green belt .

Housing has been built on housing land and industrial land has either been retained for industrial purposes or is being redesignated by the planning process itself .
housing has been built on housing land and industrial land has either been [kept] for industrial purposes or is being redesignated by the planning process itself .

The women were segregated from the male workers in the factory , and the remaining skilled jobs — cutting the cloth and mending the machines — were retained by the men , despite the willingness of some of the women to learn these skills .
the women were segregated from the male workers in the factory , and the remaining skilled jobs — cutting the cloth and mending the machines — were [kept] by the men , despite the willingness of some of the women to learn these skills .

The Benson Commission 's unpopularity with commentators ( though not with lawyers ) is based on its recommendations that the status quo be retained in three areas seen by the profession as crucial : the retention by barristers of a monopoly on rights of audience in the higher courts , the retention by solicitors of the monopoly on conveyancing work and the division of the profession into solicitors and barristers .
the benson commission 's unpopularity with commentators ( though not with lawyers ) is based on its recommendations that the status quo be [kept] in three areas seen by the profession as crucial : the retention by barristers of a monopoly on rights of audience in the higher courts , the retention by solicitors of the monopoly on conveyancing work and the division of the profession into solicitors and barristers .

For the cures of souls which they retained , they were required to provide an adequate deputy to serve the parish or parishes .
for the cures of souls which they [kept] , they were required to provide an adequate deputy to serve the parish or parishes .

The cuckoo is able to produce an egg at such short notice because she has retained it in her body for up to twenty-four hours after it has been encased in shell and is ready for laying .
the cuckoo is able to produce an egg at such short notice because she has [kept] it in her body for up to twenty-four hours after it has been encased in shell and is ready for laying .

Retained within the warmth of her body for this extra period , the chick within the egg has already begun to develop .
[kept] within the warmth of her body for this extra period , the chick within the egg has already begun to develop .

He could see from the number of bells beside each door that they 'd nearly all been turned into flats now , or dentists ' surgeries , and some were in urgent need of renovation , but they still retained some of their former grandeur , or was it pretension ?
he could see from the number of bells beside each door that they 'd nearly all been turned into flats now , or dentists ' surgeries , and some were in urgent need of renovation , but they still [kept] some of their former grandeur , or was it pretension ?

Draper insisted they should be retained .
draper insisted they should be [kept] .

In a feverish rush , an agreement was finally drawn up in the corridors outside the court room , under which Virgin were entitled to one more album of Sting 's songs ( Synchronicity ) and also retained the ‘ exploitation ’ rights on existing material for a further eight to ten years .
in a feverish rush , an agreement was finally drawn up in the corridors outside the court room , under which virgin were entitled to one more album of sting 's songs ( synchronicity ) and also [kept] the ‘ exploitation ’ rights on existing material for a further eight to ten years .

Within two hours , a representative from Harbottle and Lewis , the lawyers retained by Branson , was at the High Court in London getting an injunction to stop Chemical handing back the plane to Boeing .
within two hours , a representative from harbottle and lewis , the lawyers [kept] by branson , was at the high court in london getting an injunction to stop chemical handing back the plane to boeing .

‘ Where a child has been wrongfully removed or retained in terms of article 3 and , at the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or administrative authority of the contracting state where the child is , a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention , the authority concerned shall order the return of the child forthwith .
‘ where a child has been wrongfully removed or [kept] in terms of article 3 and , at the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or administrative authority of the contracting state where the child is , a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention , the authority concerned shall order the return of the child forthwith .

It would not , in my opinion , be open to an investor to retain the purchased shares and , under section 5 , to claim back the purchase money less the financial value of the retained shares .
it would not , in my opinion , be open to an investor to retain the purchased shares and , under section 5 , to claim back the purchase money less the financial value of the [kept] shares .

In the colonies the judges have retained the power in their own hands , at any rate in those colonies where the profession is ‘ fused .
in the colonies the judges have [kept] the power in their own hands , at any rate in those colonies where the profession is ‘ fused .

Accordingly , the jurisdiction of the visitors in these matters was a jurisdiction which was transferred to the High Court in 1873 and retained there by section 18(3) of the Act of 1925 and section 10(3) ( b ) of the Act of 1981 .
accordingly , the jurisdiction of the visitors in these matters was a jurisdiction which was transferred to the high court in 1873 and [kept] there by section 18(3) of the act of 1925 and section 10(3) ( b ) of the act of 1981 .

There is , of course , no doubt but that the court has power to disallow items of costs sought to be retained by a mortgagee out of the mortgaged property .
there is , of course , no doubt but that the court has power to disallow items of costs sought to be [kept] by a mortgagee out of the mortgaged property .

Taxation will be the normal means of quantifying the amount of the costs that can be retained .
taxation will be the normal means of quantifying the amount of the costs that can be [kept] .

By a notice of appeal dated 1 March 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , Mrs. Mary Steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 September 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , Mr. and Mrs. Hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .
by a notice of appeal dated 1 march 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , mrs. mary steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 september 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he [kept] a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , mr. and mrs. hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .

‘ Where a child has been wrongfully removed or retained in terms of article 3 and , at the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or administrative authority of the contracting state where the child is , a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention , the authority concerned shall order the return of the child forthwith .
‘ where a child has been wrongfully removed or [kept] in terms of article 3 and , at the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or administrative authority of the contracting state where the child is , a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention , the authority concerned shall order the return of the child forthwith .

‘ The objects of the present Convention are — ( a ) to secure the prompt return of children wrongfully removed to or retained in any contracting state ; and ( b ) to ensure that rights of custody and of access under the law of one contracting state are effectively respected in the other contracting states .
‘ the objects of the present convention are — ( a ) to secure the prompt return of children wrongfully removed to or [kept] in any contracting state ; and ( b ) to ensure that rights of custody and of access under the law of one contracting state are effectively respected in the other contracting states .

Ireland took the view that , in the absence of Community rules concerning the registration of shipping , the member states retained jurisdiction to determine which vessels were entitled to register on their respective national registers .
ireland took the view that , in the absence of community rules concerning the registration of shipping , the member states [kept] jurisdiction to determine which vessels were entitled to register on their respective national registers .

That argument might have some merit only if the requirements laid down by Community law with regard to the exercise by the member states of the powers which they retained with regard to the registration of vessels conflicted with the rules of international law .
that argument might have some merit only if the requirements laid down by community law with regard to the exercise by the member states of the powers which they [kept] with regard to the registration of vessels conflicted with the rules of international law .

These observations are in my view equally applicable to the revenue and to sums by way of principal or interest retained by them .
these observations are in my view equally applicable to the revenue and to sums by way of principal or interest [kept] by them .

‘ Before any enactment existed with regard to actions by solicitors for their costs , a solicitor stood in the same position as any other person who has done work for another at his request , and could sue as soon as the work which he was retained to do was finished , without having delivered any signed bill of costs or waiting for any time after the delivery of such a bill .
‘ before any enactment existed with regard to actions by solicitors for their costs , a solicitor stood in the same position as any other person who has done work for another at his request , and could sue as soon as the work which he was [kept] to do was finished , without having delivered any signed bill of costs or waiting for any time after the delivery of such a bill .

The other copies of the petition and the statement of affairs are either retained by the court or forwarded to the official receiver or insolvency practitioner if one is appointed under 5 273 ( see section 7 below ) .
the other copies of the petition and the statement of affairs are either [kept] by the court or forwarded to the official receiver or insolvency practitioner if one is appointed under 5 273 ( see section 7 below ) .

The notice , which can be sent out with the dividend itself , must include the following particulars : ( i ) amounts realised from the sale of assets ; ( ii ) payments made by the trustee in the administration of the estate ; ( iii ) provision for unsettled claims and funds retained for particular purposes ; ( iv ) the total amount to be distributed and the rate of dividend ; and ( v ) whether , and if so when , any further dividend is expected to be declared ( r 11.6 ( 2 ) ) .
the notice , which can be sent out with the dividend itself , must include the following particulars : ( i ) amounts realised from the sale of assets ; ( ii ) payments made by the trustee in the administration of the estate ; ( iii ) provision for unsettled claims and funds [kept] for particular purposes ; ( iv ) the total amount to be distributed and the rate of dividend ; and ( v ) whether , and if so when , any further dividend is expected to be declared ( r 11.6 ( 2 ) ) .

Even then , among the debris with smuts all over his face , he still retained his poise . ``
even then , among the debris with smuts all over his face , he still [kept] his poise . ``

Those who saw him then say he seemed to shrink into himself and lose what ever vestige he had till then retained .
those who saw him then say he seemed to shrink into himself and lose what ever vestige he had till then [kept] .

She retained something that the Shah had never had — an ability to appear spontaneous and in touch .
she [kept] something that the shah had never had — an ability to appear spontaneous and in touch .

Another emissary was an American lobbyist retained by King Hassan .
another emissary was an american lobbyist [kept] by king hassan .

Birds nested in the eighteenth-century ballroom but the chapel was carefully maintained and she also retained a butler and a chauffeur for the Rolls-Royce .
birds nested in the eighteenth-century ballroom but the chapel was carefully maintained and she also [kept] a butler and a chauffeur for the rolls-royce .

’ Some suggest the quantities of dead fish dumped overboard exceed the quantities retained , and a new rule was recently introduced stipulating that two inspectors accompany every foreign fishing vessel within Namibian waters .
’ some suggest the quantities of dead fish dumped overboard exceed the quantities [kept] , and a new rule was recently introduced stipulating that two inspectors accompany every foreign fishing vessel within namibian waters .

Kiam is keeping quiet , but Chase Manhattan has confirmed it has been retained and that selling Remington is one of several possibilities under review .
kiam is keeping quiet , but chase manhattan has confirmed it has been [kept] and that selling remington is one of several possibilities under review .

All chrome As new , original fascia retained Upholstery unstained .
all chrome as new , original fascia [kept] upholstery unstained .

Various linguistic alternatives were permitted but the Greek Kyrie and Latin Gloria were generally retained .
various linguistic alternatives were permitted but the greek kyrie and latin gloria were generally [kept] .

It amalgamated with a boys ' secondary modern in September 1975 to form a mixed comprehensive but retained a strong grammar school ethos amongst a section of the senior teachers .
it amalgamated with a boys ' secondary modern in september 1975 to form a mixed comprehensive but [kept] a strong grammar school ethos amongst a section of the senior teachers .

’ Many of them will reappear throughout the story , for this Welsh heart of the business always retained a special place in Laura 's affections .
’ many of them will reappear throughout the story , for this welsh heart of the business always [kept] a special place in laura 's affections .

Only the length was a non-variable and so every style retained the same ‘ look ’ .
only the length was a non-variable and so every style [kept] the same ‘ look ’ .

Anne Wallwork was retained on a permanent basis to help with some of Laura 's more exotic ideas .
anne wallwork was [kept] on a permanent basis to help with some of laura 's more exotic ideas .

The caterpillar is not harmed by the poisons ; it just stores them , and they are then retained by the adult .
the caterpillar is not harmed by the poisons ; it just stores them , and they are then [kept] by the adult .

In June the Bernheim Jeune Gallery showed seventy-nine of Cézanne 's watercolours and in October the Salon d'Automne featured a restrospective of his work , the largest to date , which included some of the iridescent , highly abstracted late landscapes and some ‘ unfinished ’ paintings — paintings in which patches of bare canvas were retained ; these must have allowed painters further insights into Cézanne 's thought processes and working methods .
in june the bernheim jeune gallery showed seventy-nine of cézanne 's watercolours and in october the salon d'automne featured a restrospective of his work , the largest to date , which included some of the iridescent , highly abstracted late landscapes and some ‘ unfinished ’ paintings — paintings in which patches of bare canvas were [kept] ; these must have allowed painters further insights into cézanne 's thought processes and working methods .

The severe outlines of the facial mask are retained and the noses are the same protruding , convex forms , usually flattened into a ridge along the top .
the severe outlines of the facial mask are [kept] and the noses are the same protruding , convex forms , usually flattened into a ridge along the top .

In Braque 's l'Estaque landscapes of the previous year , the two-dimensional surface of the picture is retained partly by allowing the eye no way of escape beyond the mountains , buildings and trees , and here the same effect is achieved by the concrete treatment of the sky , which is as elaborately and solidly painted as the rest of the canvas , and which is fused with the landscape below by the extension into it of all the main compositional lines .
in braque 's l'estaque landscapes of the previous year , the two-dimensional surface of the picture is [kept] partly by allowing the eye no way of escape beyond the mountains , buildings and trees , and here the same effect is achieved by the concrete treatment of the sky , which is as elaborately and solidly painted as the rest of the canvas , and which is fused with the landscape below by the extension into it of all the main compositional lines .

The linear quality of the original idea or sketch is retained , and these outlines become the starting point for the breakdown of the entire surface in terms of flat or tilted planes , a few of which are quite arbitrary .
the linear quality of the original idea or sketch is [kept] , and these outlines become the starting point for the breakdown of the entire surface in terms of flat or tilted planes , a few of which are quite arbitrary .

And whereas Picasso had been forced to reintroduce clues , small fragments of legibility , into his work to render it more accessible to the spectator , Braque , even at his most abstract , instinctively retained them as a link with reality .
and whereas picasso had been forced to reintroduce clues , small fragments of legibility , into his work to render it more accessible to the spectator , braque , even at his most abstract , instinctively [kept] them as a link with reality .

Most important , since form was now largely suggested rather than clearly defined , and since a strong linear quality was retained in the finished painting , it became much easier to combine the various views of an object or to synthesize in its depiction a greater amount of information .
most important , since form was now largely suggested rather than clearly defined , and since a strong linear quality was [kept] in the finished painting , it became much easier to combine the various views of an object or to synthesize in its depiction a greater amount of information .

She knew the days now , she had retained a careful count of them .
she knew the days now , she had [kept] a careful count of them .

Particularly in Germany , there were close links between the dye industry and academic chemists ; but in a new form , chemistry retained and expanded its medical connections .
particularly in germany , there were close links between the dye industry and academic chemists ; but in a new form , chemistry [kept] and expanded its medical connections .

By the 1870s there were many who disbelieved and who yet ‘ retained the nobler attributes of humanity ’ ; but if the bulk of humanity lost its faith then it would be hardly possible to imagine ‘ civilised and well-ordered communities ’ surviving .
by the 1870s there were many who disbelieved and who yet ‘ [kept] the nobler attributes of humanity ’ ; but if the bulk of humanity lost its faith then it would be hardly possible to imagine ‘ civilised and well-ordered communities ’ surviving .

As a third tier , parish councils have been retained in England ( known as community councils in Wales ) .
as a third tier , parish councils have been [kept] in england ( known as community councils in wales ) .

In other words , by insisting on the dominance of the ruling class in the last instance , Poulantzas 's approach retained within it the central tenet of all reductionist instrumental accounts : namely , the state must be functioning to defend and protect the interests of the dominant class all of the time .
in other words , by insisting on the dominance of the ruling class in the last instance , poulantzas 's approach [kept] within it the central tenet of all reductionist instrumental accounts : namely , the state must be functioning to defend and protect the interests of the dominant class all of the time .

On the other hand , there are different levels and degrees of both conformity and dissent , and in a context where prevailing versions of good practice tended to emphasize the visual and organizational , a strategic surface conformity allowed the more subtle and perhaps significant aspects of practice to be retained and underlying attitudes and assumptions to persist .
on the other hand , there are different levels and degrees of both conformity and dissent , and in a context where prevailing versions of good practice tended to emphasize the visual and organizational , a strategic surface conformity allowed the more subtle and perhaps significant aspects of practice to be [kept] and underlying attitudes and assumptions to persist .

The general practitioner , however , retained his or her claim to be ‘ an independent contractor ’ by receiving a sum of money from the Central Exchequer for each person who signed on to the practice .
the general practitioner , however , [kept] his or her claim to be ‘ an independent contractor ’ by receiving a sum of money from the central exchequer for each person who signed on to the practice .

The system of paying the family doctor retained the pre-1948 idea of a payment per patient registered with that doctor .
the system of paying the family doctor [kept] the pre-1948 idea of a payment per patient registered with that doctor .

He retained many child qualities of his own , including a liking for an excellent roll downhill , witnessed by one of his friends , a Mr Langton , who had walked with Johnson to the top of a very steep height .
he [kept] many child qualities of his own , including a liking for an excellent roll downhill , witnessed by one of his friends , a mr langton , who had walked with johnson to the top of a very steep height .

Although not the only outsiders to record the place — Johnson 's favourite travel writers Martin Martin and Thomas pennant made copious observations — the visit of Johnson and Boswell to the isle became a significant part of Skye 's history , on account of the extent of their commentaries and the literary distinction they have retained .
although not the only outsiders to record the place — johnson 's favourite travel writers martin martin and thomas pennant made copious observations — the visit of johnson and boswell to the isle became a significant part of skye 's history , on account of the extent of their commentaries and the literary distinction they have [kept] .

With very few exceptions , however , this has not proved to be the case , largely because Latin American states have retained a high degree of integration with , and dependence on , the developed capitalist economies .
with very few exceptions , however , this has not proved to be the case , largely because latin american states have [kept] a high degree of integration with , and dependence on , the developed capitalist economies .

Alexei allowed himself to dwell upon the knowledge which he had retained from that long-ago survey briefing .
alexei allowed himself to dwell upon the knowledge which he had [kept] from that long-ago survey briefing .

He was sure it would work for him and his doggedness was rewarded , when , after using the new tool for a mere six months , he retained his Ryder Cup place and ended the 1989 season in 11th place on the money list with more than £188,000 .
he was sure it would work for him and his doggedness was rewarded , when , after using the new tool for a mere six months , he [kept] his ryder cup place and ended the 1989 season in 11th place on the money list with more than £188,000 .

New telephone numbers have been issued to all staff , but a few main enquiry numbers will be retained and calls on the old numbers will be transferred to the new building for the first couple of months .
new telephone numbers have been issued to all staff , but a few main enquiry numbers will be [kept] and calls on the old numbers will be transferred to the new building for the first couple of months .

The first reach of the canal is to be crossed by the retained portion of the new Black Country Spine Road , now downgraded from trunk road to local highway .
the first reach of the canal is to be crossed by the [kept] portion of the new black country spine road , now downgraded from trunk road to local highway .

The suffragan sees of Lichfield were Worcester , Hereford , Leicester , Lindsey , Dommoc and Elmham ; Canterbury retained Winchester , Sherborne , Selsey , Rochester and London .
the suffragan sees of lichfield were worcester , hereford , leicester , lindsey , dommoc and elmham ; canterbury [kept] winchester , sherborne , selsey , rochester and london .

In the early years of this century many women still retained a deep suspicion of medical intervention in the moral arena .
in the early years of this century many women still [kept] a deep suspicion of medical intervention in the moral arena .

These areas retained the nineteenth-century characteristics which had already focused the reformers ' minds : they were tight-knit , high-density , congested , smoky , dirty and they presented a scene of old and obsolete buildings .
these areas [kept] the nineteenth-century characteristics which had already focused the reformers ' minds : they were tight-knit , high-density , congested , smoky , dirty and they presented a scene of old and obsolete buildings .

The term ‘ unhealthy areas ’ derived from the Housing Act 1875 ( the Cross Act ) and was retained in common use throughout the inter-war period .
the term ‘ unhealthy areas ’ derived from the housing act 1875 ( the cross act ) and was [kept] in common use throughout the inter-war period .

The Housing Repairs and Rents Act , 1954 , reduced subsidies for general needs , but retained them for clearance of slums ; two years later subsidies for general needs were totally abolished , leaving the general housing need to be met by private enterprise .
the housing repairs and rents act , 1954 , reduced subsidies for general needs , but [kept] them for clearance of slums ; two years later subsidies for general needs were totally abolished , leaving the general housing need to be met by private enterprise .

Cardiff retained eye contact with the blond man as he drew level .
cardiff [kept] eye contact with the blond man as he drew level .

Jimmy was looking long and hard at Pearce , who had retained an expression of disdain and scorn throughout .
jimmy was looking long and hard at pearce , who had [kept] an expression of disdain and scorn throughout .

These were the only weapons she had had against an apparently uncaring world , and through using them she retained a precarious sense of identity and integrity .
these were the only weapons she had had against an apparently uncaring world , and through using them she [kept] a precarious sense of identity and integrity .

The great transitions of life — birth , marriage and death — retained their power over the imagination , and the rituals around these are all that have kept many churches functioning .
the great transitions of life — birth , marriage and death — [kept] their power over the imagination , and the rituals around these are all that have kept many churches functioning .

Dr Macdonald clearly identifies the link between oedema , weeping and the flow of urine from the bladder in which the body frees itself from the water retained in the tissues causing the swelling which brings the patient to the doctor .
dr macdonald clearly identifies the link between oedema , weeping and the flow of urine from the bladder in which the body frees itself from the water [kept] in the tissues causing the swelling which brings the patient to the doctor .

This is retained in the critical approach to knowledge .
this is [kept] in the critical approach to knowledge .

The benefits are enormous , working in raw PostScript means that anything can be scaled by any amount and all the original information is retained .
the benefits are enormous , working in raw postscript means that anything can be scaled by any amount and all the original information is [kept] .

There was much hue and cry among the typesetting and printing community about the quality of this new-fangled technology but the one element that was retained was that of the compositor 's skill .
there was much hue and cry among the typesetting and printing community about the quality of this new-fangled technology but the one element that was [kept] was that of the compositor 's skill .

The other school believes that the traditional skills of the paste-up artist should be retained rather than sacrificed on the altar of automation .
the other school believes that the traditional skills of the paste-up artist should be [kept] rather than sacrificed on the altar of automation .

Nicholson retained his air of calm .
nicholson [kept] his air of calm .

And yet still he retained memories of that time .
and yet still he [kept] memories of that time .

Patterns like the ‘ fix ’ and the ‘ fiddle ’ were developed by skilled workers , in piecework systems where considerable discretion was retained on the shopfloor .
patterns like the ‘ fix ’ and the ‘ fiddle ’ were developed by skilled workers , in piecework systems where considerable discretion was [kept] on the shopfloor .

Unfortunately , there can be too many project groups ( or ‘ commando groups ’ ) for the good of the total organisation , and a manager 's dilemma is to decide how many project groups he should create to satisfy the needs of his subordinates , and how much bureaucratic organisation structure should be retained for the benefit of the total organisation despite the wishes of his subordinates .
unfortunately , there can be too many project groups ( or ‘ commando groups ’ ) for the good of the total organisation , and a manager 's dilemma is to decide how many project groups he should create to satisfy the needs of his subordinates , and how much bureaucratic organisation structure should be [kept] for the benefit of the total organisation despite the wishes of his subordinates .

Some authority is retained at Head Office ( organised , perhaps , on a functional basis ) but day-to-day service problems are handled on a territorial basis .
some authority is [kept] at head office ( organised , perhaps , on a functional basis ) but day-to-day service problems are handled on a territorial basis .

Under this method the new technology was retained , but the workforce was no longer divided for three separate tasks .
under this method the new technology was [kept] , but the workforce was no longer divided for three separate tasks .

There was intense poverty in it , especially during some periods , and there were the tensions that were inevitable where the old system of dependence on master or squire had retained its force long after it had lost its relevance and many of its benefits .
there was intense poverty in it , especially during some periods , and there were the tensions that were inevitable where the old system of dependence on master or squire had [kept] its force long after it had lost its relevance and many of its benefits .

He straightened , then bent forward and tapped at the white plastic strip on the kitchen window ledge which retained the cheaply horrid secondary double-glazing the flat 's owners had fitted .
he straightened , then bent forward and tapped at the white plastic strip on the kitchen window ledge which [kept] the cheaply horrid secondary double-glazing the flat 's owners had fitted .

In the capitalist society , natural growth can only come from retained earnings .
in the capitalist society , natural growth can only come from [kept] earnings .

But any distribution in a country such as Britain has to be indirect : It might take the form of a grant to create new jobs and whole new industries , or in reduction of direct taxation so that a greater percentage of earnings can be retained for spending , saving , or giving away .
but any distribution in a country such as britain has to be indirect : it might take the form of a grant to create new jobs and whole new industries , or in reduction of direct taxation so that a greater percentage of earnings can be [kept] for spending , saving , or giving away .

Britain is at the stage when we must no longer expect sections of our land to be retained for the benefit of the few , when they could be used to provide jobs for the many .
britain is at the stage when we must no longer expect sections of our land to be [kept] for the benefit of the few , when they could be used to provide jobs for the many .

Although hailed by the leaders of the Catholic revival as their patron , ‘ the good Earl John ’ ( as he was known by them ) retained something of the recusant Catholic families ' suspicion of ‘ enthusiasm ’ , religious fervour , and triumphalism .
although hailed by the leaders of the catholic revival as their patron , ‘ the good earl john ’ ( as he was known by them ) [kept] something of the recusant catholic families ' suspicion of ‘ enthusiasm ’ , religious fervour , and triumphalism .

He may already by then have become the abbot 's steward , a position he is known to have held in 1254 and apparently retained until 1259 .
he may already by then have become the abbot 's steward , a position he is known to have held in 1254 and apparently [kept] until 1259 .

However , the dedication of Michael Cavendish 's sole publication , a book of songs and madrigals published in 1598 , states ‘ From Cavendish this 24 of July ’ , so the family may have retained connections with the area .
however , the dedication of michael cavendish 's sole publication , a book of songs and madrigals published in 1598 , states ‘ from cavendish this 24 of july ’ , so the family may have [kept] connections with the area .

Although Billing retained his seat at the 1918 general election , ill health forced his retirement in 1921 .
although billing [kept] his seat at the 1918 general election , ill health forced his retirement in 1921 .

If this elevation to the highest level reflected John 's standing with his fellow magnates , in the ensuing years he gained and retained the confidence of the king .
if this elevation to the highest level reflected john 's standing with his fellow magnates , in the ensuing years he gained and [kept] the confidence of the king .

He also retained his place on the council of the king .
he also [kept] his place on the council of the king .

The East India Company was re-capitalized , Thomson was elected governor , but the joint-stock system was retained ( 1657 ) .
the east india company was re-capitalized , thomson was elected governor , but the joint-stock system was [kept] ( 1657 ) .

Hobson retained a consistent theology during his life , advocating believers ' baptism and frequently engaging in public disputes with his opponents .
hobson [kept] a consistent theology during his life , advocating believers ' baptism and frequently engaging in public disputes with his opponents .

On giving up the mastership , Plummer became verger of the royal free chapel of St George at Windsor Castle , with important administrative as well as processional duties , and retained this post until his presumed death in 1484 .
on giving up the mastership , plummer became verger of the royal free chapel of st george at windsor castle , with important administrative as well as processional duties , and [kept] this post until his presumed death in 1484 .

He resigned his office but was retained on the council when he announced his reversion to Roman Catholicism .
he resigned his office but was [kept] on the council when he announced his reversion to roman catholicism .

, and destroyed except for the two volumes incorporated in the Peel papers , now in the British Library , and letters of his own retained by Lord Stanhope .
, and destroyed except for the two volumes incorporated in the peel papers , now in the british library , and letters of his own [kept] by lord stanhope .

With hair parted in the middle , he retained the appearance of a youthful student almost to the end .
with hair parted in the middle , he [kept] the appearance of a youthful student almost to the end .

Possibly as a result of connections forged in his native county , he came into contact with Humphrey de Bohun , sixth Earl of Hereford , by whom he was retained with a life annuity of £40 .
possibly as a result of connections forged in his native county , he came into contact with humphrey de bohun , sixth earl of hereford , by whom he was [kept] with a life annuity of £40 .

In 1247 Laurence del Brok became the first professional lawyer to be retained by the king .
in 1247 laurence del brok became the first professional lawyer to be [kept] by the king .

The Teulon family was of Huguenot origin and retained an allegiance to this French connection ; Samuel Sanders and his brother William Milford ( also an architect ) became directors of the French Hospital in south Hackney , London .
the teulon family was of huguenot origin and [kept] an allegiance to this french connection ; samuel sanders and his brother william milford ( also an architect ) became directors of the french hospital in south hackney , london .

He still retained property in Dudley , being the largest payer of poor rates there in 1649 ; apart from houses in the town , his land at Netherton Hall nearby was set down at 195¾ acres .
he still [kept] property in dudley , being the largest payer of poor rates there in 1649 ; apart from houses in the town , his land at netherton hall nearby was set down at 195¾ acres .

He retained this business and the access to the dispatches sent to secretaries of state from which much of his material was drawn .
he [kept] this business and the access to the dispatches sent to secretaries of state from which much of his material was drawn .

He retained an interest in mineralogy and served as president of the Mineralogical Society 1888–91 .
he [kept] an interest in mineralogy and served as president of the mineralogical society 1888–91 .

His father 's mother had been born in Nova Scotia , and he himself retained an active interest in Canada .
his father 's mother had been born in nova scotia , and he himself [kept] an active interest in canada .

He won East Bristol in 1900 and retained it in the general elections of 1906 and 1910 .
he won east bristol in 1900 and [kept] it in the general elections of 1906 and 1910 .

In 1538 he was named a justice of the peace for Wiltshire , an appointment he retained until his death , and in March 1539 , during an invasion scare , he helped to muster able men in Malmesbury and elsewhere in the county .
in 1538 he was named a justice of the peace for wiltshire , an appointment he [kept] until his death , and in march 1539 , during an invasion scare , he helped to muster able men in malmesbury and elsewhere in the county .

It was very simple , efficient , and reliable in operation , with the minor disadvantage that the vaporizer required preheating for a few minutes before the engine could be started ; when running , it retained sufficient heat to ignite the injected fuel .
it was very simple , efficient , and reliable in operation , with the minor disadvantage that the vaporizer required preheating for a few minutes before the engine could be started ; when running , it [kept] sufficient heat to ignite the injected fuel .

were still retained , Blom was able to take account of the huge expansion of musical scholarship and history that had occurred during the preceding quarter of a century .
were still [kept] , blom was able to take account of the huge expansion of musical scholarship and history that had occurred during the preceding quarter of a century .

He retained this seat in the next four Parliaments , working for local bills in 1621 and 1624 , but it is clear that the ‘ country ’ for which he spoke was more often Sussex than Essex .
he [kept] this seat in the next four parliaments , working for local bills in 1621 and 1624 , but it is clear that the ‘ country ’ for which he spoke was more often sussex than essex .

The area of the Dalzell works was more than doubled by the end of 1883 , and Colvilles were well on the way to becoming the dominating force in the Scottish steel industry , a position which they retained to the end .
the area of the dalzell works was more than doubled by the end of 1883 , and colvilles were well on the way to becoming the dominating force in the scottish steel industry , a position which they [kept] to the end .

When all was degenerating into ritual farcical chaos around him , Lynn would remain the essence of sweet reason , achieving an almost transcendental calm and tranquillity partly because he retained an almost permanent inability to grasp the realities around him .
when all was degenerating into ritual farcical chaos around him , lynn would remain the essence of sweet reason , achieving an almost transcendental calm and tranquillity partly because he [kept] an almost permanent inability to grasp the realities around him .

On retirement he retained his connection with the Survey , his last memoir , on the Findhorn district , appearing in 1923 .
on retirement he [kept] his connection with the survey , his last memoir , on the findhorn district , appearing in 1923 .

Sisley retained the British nationality inherited from his father throughout his life , although he made two unsuccessful attempts in 1888 and 1898 to become a naturalized French citizen .
sisley [kept] the british nationality inherited from his father throughout his life , although he made two unsuccessful attempts in 1888 and 1898 to become a naturalized french citizen .

His work retained a pronounced individuality and originality that has yet to be properly acknowledged .
his work [kept] a pronounced individuality and originality that has yet to be properly acknowledged .

When in 1897 the Vickers steel company acquired the Maxim–Nordenfelt Guns & Ammunition Co. , as well as the Naval Construction & Armaments Co. of Barrow , Zaharoff was retained as principal overseas agent .
when in 1897 the vickers steel company acquired the maxim–nordenfelt guns & ammunition co. , as well as the naval construction & armaments co. of barrow , zaharoff was [kept] as principal overseas agent .

In September 1316 Edward retained him for a very large fee in return for the promise of his service with a commensurately large retinue ; and shortly afterwards he and Pembroke set off for the papal curia on a mission which had the repeal of the Ordinances as one of its objectives .
in september 1316 edward [kept] him for a very large fee in return for the promise of his service with a commensurately large retinue ; and shortly afterwards he and pembroke set off for the papal curia on a mission which had the repeal of the ordinances as one of its objectives .

He retained close connections with South Africa as consulting engineer to the Durban Tramways .
he [kept] close connections with south africa as consulting engineer to the durban tramways .

Instead he managed the Privy Purse , retained his post at Portsmouth , sat upon the committee for Tangier , and was sent upon polite diplomatic errands .
instead he managed the privy purse , [kept] his post at portsmouth , sat upon the committee for tangier , and was sent upon polite diplomatic errands .

She defended successfully in 1888 , did not compete in 1889 and 1890 , but returned to challenge successfully in 1891 and retained the title for the next two years .
she defended successfully in 1888 , did not compete in 1889 and 1890 , but returned to challenge successfully in 1891 and [kept] the title for the next two years .

In 1943 he retired to Somerset , where he maintained his wide interests , which included Japanese prints , Chinese porcelain , biologists of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , and wine : he retained a personal cellar at Caius , which he visited annually .
in 1943 he retired to somerset , where he maintained his wide interests , which included japanese prints , chinese porcelain , biologists of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , and wine : he [kept] a personal cellar at caius , which he visited annually .

His younger children were well provided for , and his heirs retained the lease of Eltham until 1839 .
his younger children were well provided for , and his heirs [kept] the lease of eltham until 1839 .

He was retained by the king as one of his serjeants between 1287 and 1293 and is to be found acting for him in the 1287 Gloucestershire eyre and in the northern circuit eyres of 1292–3 as well as in the Common Bench and in the Exchequer .
he was [kept] by the king as one of his serjeants between 1287 and 1293 and is to be found acting for him in the 1287 gloucestershire eyre and in the northern circuit eyres of 1292–3 as well as in the common bench and in the exchequer .

It is highly significant that Simon retained the loyalty of such a man to the last .
it is highly significant that simon [kept] the loyalty of such a man to the last .

In 1275 he surrendered custody of Kilgerran but retained Abergavenny till 1281 and was embroiled during this period in a number of disputes with the tenants of the honour .
in 1275 he surrendered custody of kilgerran but [kept] abergavenny till 1281 and was embroiled during this period in a number of disputes with the tenants of the honour .

After leaving the Institute , where he retained a small laboratory which he visited at weekends , Butler 's administrative duties were so heavy that he had little time for mycological research .
after leaving the institute , where he [kept] a small laboratory which he visited at weekends , butler 's administrative duties were so heavy that he had little time for mycological research .

Throughout her life she retained a passionate belief in the possibility of universal human improvement , and in the eventual dissolution of barriers of class , race , creed , and sex .
throughout her life she [kept] a passionate belief in the possibility of universal human improvement , and in the eventual dissolution of barriers of class , race , creed , and sex .

The idea for his invention of a tower in which the oxides of nitrogen , the catalyst in the lead-chamber process , would be retained and returned to the process for reuse , dates from this period .
the idea for his invention of a tower in which the oxides of nitrogen , the catalyst in the lead-chamber process , would be [kept] and returned to the process for reuse , dates from this period .

Peach was a man of great energy , who retained a youthful boisterousness until old age ; he tended to be the centre of any scientific or social gathering .
peach was a man of great energy , who [kept] a youthful boisterousness until old age ; he tended to be the centre of any scientific or social gathering .

The interesting thing is that while Applegarth did not return to his trade , or to the union movement , he retained his political radicalism to the end of his days : for another fifty years .
the interesting thing is that while applegarth did not return to his trade , or to the union movement , he [kept] his political radicalism to the end of his days : for another fifty years .

It still retained its mystery .
it still [kept] its mystery .

After some reflection she removed the brooch , but retained the small , black stud ear-rings .
after some reflection she removed the brooch , but [kept] the small , black stud ear-rings .

For earlier sentences , only meaning will be retained .
for earlier sentences , only meaning will be [kept] .

Sachs therefore concluded that the syntax of sentences is held for only a short time , after which only their meaning is retained .
sachs therefore concluded that the syntax of sentences is held for only a short time , after which only their meaning is [kept] .

Since Jarvella instructed his subjects to recall as much as they could remember word for word , and he scored for accuracy of verbatim recall , these results suggest not only that the last-heard clause has the highest verbatim recall but also that the amount of syntactic information which is being retained about a preceding clause depends on whether or not that clause forms part of a larger linguistic unit which also includes the most recent clause .
since jarvella instructed his subjects to recall as much as they could remember word for word , and he scored for accuracy of verbatim recall , these results suggest not only that the last-heard clause has the highest verbatim recall but also that the amount of syntactic information which is being [kept] about a preceding clause depends on whether or not that clause forms part of a larger linguistic unit which also includes the most recent clause .

If the last two clauses heard are syntactically related to one another then sufficient syntactic information about the penultimate clause needs to be retained in order for the larger linguistic unit they form to be understood .
if the last two clauses heard are syntactically related to one another then sufficient syntactic information about the penultimate clause needs to be [kept] in order for the larger linguistic unit they form to be understood .

However , in version ( b ) this same clause completes a larger unit , and so information about its syntactic structure need not be retained .
however , in version ( b ) this same clause completes a larger unit , and so information about its syntactic structure need not be [kept] .

The amount of information about the syntactic structure of a clause which is retained depends on what kind of clause we are dealing with .
the amount of information about the syntactic structure of a clause which is [kept] depends on what kind of clause we are dealing with .

This pattern of latencies can be explained if we assume that when a subordinate clause appears before its main clause syntactic information about the subordinate clause needs to be retained until the main clause has been heard .
this pattern of latencies can be explained if we assume that when a subordinate clause appears before its main clause syntactic information about the subordinate clause needs to be [kept] until the main clause has been heard .

The amount of syntactic information which is retained also depends on relations between syntactic and semantic form and pragmatic aspects of what was being communicated .
the amount of syntactic information which is [kept] also depends on relations between syntactic and semantic form and pragmatic aspects of what was being communicated .

Surface structure which does carry pragmatic significance may well be retained .
surface structure which does carry pragmatic significance may well be [kept] .

As we saw in this chapter , more recently it has been found that this account of processing can not be correct for at least three reasons : ( a ) there is evidence that syntactic and semantic processing is not delayed until the end of the clause ; ( b ) there is evidence that information about the specific wording is retained after the end of a clause if that clause contains nonspecific words which subsequent clauses will disambiguate ; ( c ) specific wording will also be retained if it has pragmatic significance .
as we saw in this chapter , more recently it has been found that this account of processing can not be correct for at least three reasons : ( a ) there is evidence that syntactic and semantic processing is not delayed until the end of the clause ; ( b ) there is evidence that information about the specific wording is [kept] after the end of a clause if that clause contains nonspecific words which subsequent clauses will disambiguate ; ( c ) specific wording will also be [kept] if it has pragmatic significance .

Most plants consist of a main rootstock from which several ‘ eyes ’ have grown to form sizeable ‘ branches ’ , and it is these side growths that should be retained , cutting them from the parent with as much healthy young rootstock as possible .
most plants consist of a main rootstock from which several ‘ eyes ’ have grown to form sizeable ‘ branches ’ , and it is these side growths that should be [kept] , cutting them from the parent with as much healthy young rootstock as possible .

However , British members of parliament do have extensive outside interests and many are retained to act on behalf of groups .
however , british members of parliament do have extensive outside interests and many are [kept] to act on behalf of groups .

The former Soviet republics have , for the most part , retained a single executive as their preference , based on the American or French model , rather than the collective type of executive found in parliamentary systems of the British model .
the former soviet republics have , for the most part , [kept] a single executive as their preference , based on the american or french model , rather than the collective type of executive found in parliamentary systems of the british model .

Bush retained similar formal structures , but his greater personal involvement in decisions and preference for informal meetings with advisers resulted in a less structured and sometimes indecisive White House ( Campbell , 1992 , pp .
bush [kept] similar formal structures , but his greater personal involvement in decisions and preference for informal meetings with advisers resulted in a less structured and sometimes indecisive white house ( campbell , 1992 , pp .

While there were enough differences between police tactics in separate areas to demonstrate that individual police officers retained some control over police operations , the strong overall impression was of a police force subject to central direction by senior chief constables and Home Office officials along lines determined by the Cabinet .
while there were enough differences between police tactics in separate areas to demonstrate that individual police officers [kept] some control over police operations , the strong overall impression was of a police force subject to central direction by senior chief constables and home office officials along lines determined by the cabinet .

Since current cost accounting measures economic performance best , the Report argues , it should be retained in nationalized industries .
since current cost accounting measures economic performance best , the report argues , it should be [kept] in nationalized industries .

By breathing out as little as possible , more oxygen is retained in the body .
by breathing out as little as possible , more oxygen is [kept] in the body .

In the years following the Second World War the European colonial powers retained control over a large number of military and naval bases among their colonies .
in the years following the second world war the european colonial powers [kept] control over a large number of military and naval bases among their colonies .

Soviet military facilities in Africa and Asia had been acquired and retained only by diverting considerable resources into military assistance programmes and they encouraged demands for open-ended Soviet economic assistance .
soviet military facilities in africa and asia had been acquired and [kept] only by diverting considerable resources into military assistance programmes and they encouraged demands for open-ended soviet economic assistance .

She had lived in the States for several years but she still retained her British accent , though she often maintained that she loathed England and would never return to it .
she had lived in the states for several years but she still [kept] her british accent , though she often maintained that she loathed england and would never return to it .

The tone of the clarinet in this register must be heard and retained in the mind .
the tone of the clarinet in this register must be heard and [kept] in the mind .

Half the cellos , however , are retained for use in the bottom octave of the melody , doubling the violas , to maintain a proper balance .
half the cellos , however , are [kept] for use in the bottom octave of the melody , doubling the violas , to maintain a proper balance .

8.33 ) may be retained as long as it is realised that , although these are commonly occurring forms , there are many others ( Guilcher , 1958 ) which it is very difficult to fit into these simple classes .
8.33 ) may be [kept] as long as it is realised that , although these are commonly occurring forms , there are many others ( guilcher , 1958 ) which it is very difficult to fit into these simple classes .

It is surely preferable to retain some defined elements of musical form , so that the music can be retained in the memory .
it is surely preferable to retain some defined elements of musical form , so that the music can be [kept] in the memory .

Theodossin also implies a third element here , that the scheme began and developed with a wide range of institutional consent precisely because of features of its initial design ( he points , for example , to the choice of a term-long unit and the control retained by staff over field changes , if not module changes , by students ) .
theodossin also implies a third element here , that the scheme began and developed with a wide range of institutional consent precisely because of features of its initial design ( he points , for example , to the choice of a term-long unit and the control [kept] by staff over field changes , if not module changes , by students ) .

eligibility limits for legal aid were to be retained , and the contributions currently payable are not unreasonable ;
eligibility limits for legal aid were to be [kept] , and the contributions currently payable are not unreasonable ;

In 1989–90 , a statutory charge was imposed in 38,196 non-matrimonial cases , resulting in £5,316,286 being retained to satisfy the net liability of the Legal Aid Fund .
in 1989–90 , a statutory charge was imposed in 38,196 non-matrimonial cases , resulting in £5,316,286 being [kept] to satisfy the net liability of the legal aid fund .

The average amount retained was £139.18 , which , on average , was 2 per cent .
the average amount [kept] was £139.18 , which , on average , was 2 per cent .

In matrimonial cases in 1989–90 , a statutory charge was imposed in 22,431 cases , resulting in £24,230,968 being retained to satisfy the net liability of the Legal Aid Fund .
in matrimonial cases in 1989–90 , a statutory charge was imposed in 22,431 cases , resulting in £24,230,968 being [kept] to satisfy the net liability of the legal aid fund .

The average amount retained was £1,080.24 , which , on average , was 7.73 per cent .
the average amount [kept] was £1,080.24 , which , on average , was 7.73 per cent .

The figures for average amount and average percentage retained are slightly misleading because the average is arrived at by taking into account those cases where no monies are retained for the benefit of the fund .
the figures for average amount and average percentage [kept] are slightly misleading because the average is arrived at by taking into account those cases where no monies are [kept] for the benefit of the fund .

Thus the averages would be higher in those cases where money was retained .
thus the averages would be higher in those cases where money was [kept] .

In order to reduce delay , cost and complexity in the civil justice system , the Civil Justice Review recommended that the county court should be retained as a court separate from the High Court , but that the upper limit of county court jurisdiction should be abolished , that all civil proceedings , with a few exceptions , should be commenced by a document called a writ , which would be issued in either the High Court or a county court , and that there should be an improved system of transfer of cases between county court and High Court .
in order to reduce delay , cost and complexity in the civil justice system , the civil justice review recommended that the county court should be [kept] as a court separate from the high court , but that the upper limit of county court jurisdiction should be abolished , that all civil proceedings , with a few exceptions , should be commenced by a document called a writ , which would be issued in either the high court or a county court , and that there should be an improved system of transfer of cases between county court and high court .

But in the case of nitrogen , which can exist as nitrates and nitrites , the surface temperatures are so high that the amount retained in such repositories must be small compared to the amount in the atmosphere .
but in the case of nitrogen , which can exist as nitrates and nitrites , the surface temperatures are so high that the amount [kept] in such repositories must be small compared to the amount in the atmosphere .

The atmosphere thus acts as a ‘ bottleneck ’ , and could have retained sufficient heat of formation for it to account for the present excess radiation .
the atmosphere thus acts as a ‘ bottleneck ’ , and could have [kept] sufficient heat of formation for it to account for the present excess radiation .

for if the cases of which Goodman v. Mayor of Saltash is the type are to be retained as legally charitable — and there is good a priori reason for retaining them — public benefit is the inevitable foundation of this head of charity .
for if the cases of which goodman v. mayor of saltash is the type are to be [kept] as legally charitable — and there is good a priori reason for retaining them — public benefit is the inevitable foundation of this head of charity .

The principles of Cristofori 's action design have been retained in instruments from 1720 to the present day .
the principles of cristofori 's action design have been [kept] in instruments from 1720 to the present day .

Here then was an instrument that might be confidently expected to have retained its historical integrity .
here then was an instrument that might be confidently expected to have [kept] its historical integrity .

In England , the Criminal Law Revision Committee is unanimously of the view , however , that the present definition of sexual intercourse for the purposes of the law of rape should be retained .
in england , the criminal law revision committee is unanimously of the view , however , that the present definition of sexual intercourse for the purposes of the law of rape should be [kept] .

Thus , for example , the existing offence of rape could be retained but reformed in a number of ways .
thus , for example , the existing offence of rape could be [kept] but reformed in a number of ways .

It is suggested that , on the contrary , there is more potential for the recognition of the gravity of such assaults within a gradation scheme than there is where a unitary offence of rape is retained .
it is suggested that , on the contrary , there is more potential for the recognition of the gravity of such assaults within a gradation scheme than there is where a unitary offence of rape is [kept] .

The old offence of buggery has , however , been retained .
the old offence of buggery has , however , been [kept] .

Certainly in other jurisdictions where sexual intercourse has also been broadly defined , the term rape has been retained .
certainly in other jurisdictions where sexual intercourse has also been broadly defined , the term rape has been [kept] .

flexibility will be retained in that the Dollar Preference Shares will be redeemable only at the Company 's option , subject to the terms of issue .
flexibility will be [kept] in that the dollar preference shares will be redeemable only at the company 's option , subject to the terms of issue .

It is one of the wonders of the Christmas story that Jesus — the authoritative Word of God — stooped to be born in the humblest of settings ; it is one of the wonders of the Christian faith that after His resurrection , Jesus should remind His disciples that He retained all authority in heaven and earth .
it is one of the wonders of the christmas story that jesus — the authoritative word of god — stooped to be born in the humblest of settings ; it is one of the wonders of the christian faith that after his resurrection , jesus should remind his disciples that he [kept] all authority in heaven and earth .

Systems Development captained by Paul Anderson ( need it be said — also of Technology ) , retained the Inter Branch/Department Shield with a narrow victory over George Gay 's Oddbods team .
systems development captained by paul anderson ( need it be said — also of technology ) , [kept] the inter branch/department shield with a narrow victory over george gay 's oddbods team .

This has been cleared over a width sufficient for the new track , but leaving those bushes and trees which were to be retained to form part of the landscape of the line .
this has been cleared over a width sufficient for the new track , but leaving those bushes and trees which were to be [kept] to form part of the landscape of the line .

This has been cleared over a width sufficient for the new track , but leaving those bushes and trees which were to be retained to form part of the landscape of the line .
this has been cleared over a width sufficient for the new track , but leaving those bushes and trees which were to be [kept] to form part of the landscape of the line .

Lothian and Borders Fire Brigade has around 700 whole time and 350 retained firefighters .
lothian and borders fire brigade has around 700 whole time and 350 [kept] firefighters .

The retained staff are on call in the evenings to respond to emergencies .
the [kept] staff are on call in the evenings to respond to emergencies .

Both are retained firefighters and work in Borders region .
both are [kept] firefighters and work in borders region .

So David 's given his Central Area people to Barry but retained Traffic Signals and Parking .
so david 's given his central area people to barry but [kept] traffic signals and parking .

Tickets were retained and handed over for juice and crisps when requested .
tickets were [kept] and handed over for juice and crisps when requested .

Whereas Cipriani , in all his dealings , retained a high degree of honour , albeit confused , those that superseded him after 1938 , heralded in a period that is recognised by some as the nadir of political life in Trinidad .
whereas cipriani , in all his dealings , [kept] a high degree of honour , albeit confused , those that superseded him after 1938 , heralded in a period that is recognised by some as the nadir of political life in trinidad .

Electric lighting and heating have been installed for the first time , but all fittings have been concealed as much as possible and all the original oil lamps and 19th century pews have been retained .
electric lighting and heating have been installed for the first time , but all fittings have been concealed as much as possible and all the original oil lamps and 19th century pews have been [kept] .

Having researched extensively into critical writings on Thomas since the publication of the first edition , Anstey has retained seven of the original essays , adding a further seven to give a comprehensive collection reflecting some reappraisal of Thomas 's writings and also responses to new work over the past ten years .
having researched extensively into critical writings on thomas since the publication of the first edition , anstey has [kept] seven of the original essays , adding a further seven to give a comprehensive collection reflecting some reappraisal of thomas 's writings and also responses to new work over the past ten years .

He can use stock motifs and patterns and superfluous work can be retained to cater for future demand .
he can use stock motifs and patterns and superfluous work can be [kept] to cater for future demand .

The former is undated but retained much of its rather unique floral decoration : an arrangement of star-like interlaced squares ( one carrying right-angled `` 2 `` pattern , the other carrying chequers ) enclosed by two concentric circles ( one , again , with right-angled `` 2 `` pattern , the other carrying a single thick line ) .
the former is undated but [kept] much of its rather unique floral decoration : an arrangement of star-like interlaced squares ( one carrying right-angled `` 2 `` pattern , the other carrying chequers ) enclosed by two concentric circles ( one , again , with right-angled `` 2 `` pattern , the other carrying a single thick line ) .

All completed and marked assignments should be retained by either the centre or the students .
all completed and marked assignments should be [kept] by either the centre or the students .

2.15 " Retained Parts " means all parts of the Centre not let or constructed or adapted for letting including ( but without prejudice to the generality of the above ) :
2.15 " [kept] parts " means all parts of the centre not let or constructed or adapted for letting including ( but without prejudice to the generality of the above ) :

7.2 Landlord to insure The Landlord covenants with the Tenant to insure the Premises and the Retained Parts [ subject to the Tenant paying the Insurance Rent ] unless such insurance shall be vitiated by any act of the Tenant or by anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority [ and under the Tenant 's control ] While it would be preferable for the insurance to be in the joint names of the landlord and the tenant in order to give the tenant more control over the insurance and to avoid the problem of subrogation referred to below , landlords tend to resist this , presumably on the basis that they wish to retain absolute control and not rely on the tenant in any way as regards the insurance cover .
7.2 landlord to insure the landlord covenants with the tenant to insure the premises and the [kept] parts [ subject to the tenant paying the insurance rent ] unless such insurance shall be vitiated by any act of the tenant or by anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority [ and under the tenant 's control ] while it would be preferable for the insurance to be in the joint names of the landlord and the tenant in order to give the tenant more control over the insurance and to avoid the problem of subrogation referred to below , landlords tend to resist this , presumably on the basis that they wish to retain absolute control and not rely on the tenant in any way as regards the insurance cover .

7.5.1.1 the Premises or the Retained Parts or any part of either of them are damaged or any part of them are damaged or destroyed by any of the [ Insured Risks or Insured Risks except one against which insurance may not ordinarily be arranged with an insurer of repute for properties such as the Premises unless the Landlord has in fact insured against that risk ] so that the Premises or any part of them are unfit for occupation or use and
7.5.1.1 the premises or the [kept] parts or any part of either of them are damaged or any part of them are damaged or destroyed by any of the [ insured risks or insured risks except one against which insurance may not ordinarily be arranged with an insurer of repute for properties such as the premises unless the landlord has in fact insured against that risk ] so that the premises or any part of them are unfit for occupation or use and

7.5.2 When the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the Rent [ and Service Charge ] or a fair proportion of the Rent [ and Service Charge ] according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall cease to be payable until the Premises or the Retained Parts or the damaged parts of either of them shall have been rebuilt or reinstated so that the Premises or the affected part are made fit for occupation or use [ or until the expiration of [ 3 ] years from the destruction or damage whichever period is the shorter ] [ ( the amount of such proportion and the period during which the Rent [ and Service Charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ) or ( any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the Rent [ and Service Charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined in accordance with the Arbitration Acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party ) ] This provision should always be amended to include reference not only to the premises but also to the building of which the premises form part in the event that the premises do not stand alone .
7.5.2 when the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the rent [ and service charge ] or a fair proportion of the rent [ and service charge ] according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall cease to be payable until the premises or the [kept] parts or the damaged parts of either of them shall have been rebuilt or reinstated so that the premises or the affected part are made fit for occupation or use [ or until the expiration of [ 3 ] years from the destruction or damage whichever period is the shorter ] [ ( the amount of such proportion and the period during which the rent [ and service charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ) or ( any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the rent [ and service charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined in accordance with the arbitration acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the application of either party ) ] this provision should always be amended to include reference not only to the premises but also to the building of which the premises form part in the event that the premises do not stand alone .

7.6.1.1 the Premises the Retained Parts or any part of either of them are damaged or destroyed by any of the [ Insured Risks or Insured Risks except one against which insurance may not ordinarily be arranged with an insurer of repute for properties such as the Premises unless the Landlord has in fact insured against that risk ] and
7.6.1.1 the premises the [kept] parts or any part of either of them are damaged or destroyed by any of the [ insured risks or insured risks except one against which insurance may not ordinarily be arranged with an insurer of repute for properties such as the premises unless the landlord has in fact insured against that risk ] and

7.6.2 Subject to the provisions of clauses 7.6.3 and 7.6.4 the Landlord shall as soon as the Permissions have been obtained or immediately where no Permissions are required apply all money received in respect of such insurance ( except sums in respect of loss of Rent ) in rebuilding or reinstating the Premises or the Retained Parts so destroyed or damaged [ making up any difference between the cost of rebuilding and reinstating and the money received out of the Landlord 's own money ] It is important to include the words in square brackets in order to ensure that the damaged or destroyed premises are reinstated .
7.6.2 subject to the provisions of clauses 7.6.3 and 7.6.4 the landlord shall as soon as the permissions have been obtained or immediately where no permissions are required apply all money received in respect of such insurance ( except sums in respect of loss of rent ) in rebuilding or reinstating the premises or the [kept] parts so destroyed or damaged [ making up any difference between the cost of rebuilding and reinstating and the money received out of the landlord 's own money ] it is important to include the words in square brackets in order to ensure that the damaged or destroyed premises are reinstated .

7.6.4 The Landlord shall not be liable to rebuild or reinstate the Premises or the Retained Parts if and for so long as such rebuilding or reinstating is prevented by Supervening Events
7.6.4 the landlord shall not be liable to rebuild or reinstate the premises or the [kept] parts if and for so long as such rebuilding or reinstating is prevented by supervening events

7.6.5 If upon the expiry of a period of [ 3 ] years commencing on the date of the damage or destruction the Premises and the Retained Parts have not been rebuilt or reinstated so that the Premises are fit for the Tenant 's occupation and use either party may by notice served at any time within [ 6 ] months of the expiry of such period invoke the provisions of clause 7.6.6
7.6.5 if upon the expiry of a period of [ 3 ] years commencing on the date of the damage or destruction the premises and the [kept] parts have not been rebuilt or reinstated so that the premises are fit for the tenant 's occupation and use either party may by notice served at any time within [ 6 ] months of the expiry of such period invoke the provisions of clause 7.6.6

9.2 Party walls The internal non-load bearing walls that divide the Premises from the adjoining units in the Centre and from the Retained Parts shall be deemed to be party walls within the meaning of the Law of Property Act 1925 section 38 and shall be maintained at the equally shared expense of the Tenant and the other respective estate owners As the footnote to the precedent states , the object of this provision is that the tenant and the adjoining estate owner ( who could be either another tenant or even the landlord ) will share the responsibility for the internal divisional walls .
9.2 party walls the internal non-load bearing walls that divide the premises from the adjoining units in the centre and from the [kept] parts shall be deemed to be party walls within the meaning of the law of property act 1925 section 38 and shall be maintained at the equally shared expense of the tenant and the other respective estate owners as the footnote to the precedent states , the object of this provision is that the tenant and the adjoining estate owner ( who could be either another tenant or even the landlord ) will share the responsibility for the internal divisional walls .

This could have severe repercussions for the landlord in that it could include easements over the adjoining retained land of the landlord adversely affecting the landlord 's ability to use or develop that land .
this could have severe repercussions for the landlord in that it could include easements over the adjoining [kept] land of the landlord adversely affecting the landlord 's ability to use or develop that land .

2 the inner half severed medially of the internal non-load bearing walls that divide the Premises from the adjoining unit[s] in the Centre or from the Retained Parts
2 the inner half severed medially of the internal non-load bearing walls that divide the premises from the adjoining unit[s] in the centre or from the [kept] parts

The contract will therefore seek : 1 to define the client 's obligations and , so far as possible , to minimise them ; 2 to define the scope of the contract by defining which statements form part of it ; 3 to minimise the scope for variation of the contract duties , by defining the authority of the client 's representatives to make statements binding on it , or to vary the contract ; 4 to minimise the likelihood of the client being in breach of contract , by defining the client 's obligations in flexible terms : for instance , the quantity of goods to be delivered may be subject to tolerances ; or the contract may provide for the time for delivery to be extended in certain situations ; 5 to minimise the extent of the client 's liability for any breach it commits : for instance , by excluding liability for certain kinds of loss , or by placing a financial ceiling on liability ; 6 to define the obligations of the client 's trading partners ; 7 to define the consequences of non-performance by the client 's trading partners ; 8 to provide machinery to encourage prompt performance by the client 's trading partners : for instance , a seller may require interest on late payments , or offer discounts for early payment ; a buyer may contract for the right to withhold payment until satisfactory performance ; 9 to allow the client to use procedurally simple enforcement methods : for instance , terms of sale should be drafted so as to allow the seller to bring a liquidated claim for the price of the goods ; 10 to provide the client with security against non-performance by its trading partners : thus terms of sale are likely to seek to provide the seller with security against non-payment , for instance by means of a retention of title clause ; terms of purchase will seek to minimise the buyer 's exposure by allowing some or all of the price to be retained against satisfactory performance .
the contract will therefore seek : 1 to define the client 's obligations and , so far as possible , to minimise them ; 2 to define the scope of the contract by defining which statements form part of it ; 3 to minimise the scope for variation of the contract duties , by defining the authority of the client 's representatives to make statements binding on it , or to vary the contract ; 4 to minimise the likelihood of the client being in breach of contract , by defining the client 's obligations in flexible terms : for instance , the quantity of goods to be delivered may be subject to tolerances ; or the contract may provide for the time for delivery to be extended in certain situations ; 5 to minimise the extent of the client 's liability for any breach it commits : for instance , by excluding liability for certain kinds of loss , or by placing a financial ceiling on liability ; 6 to define the obligations of the client 's trading partners ; 7 to define the consequences of non-performance by the client 's trading partners ; 8 to provide machinery to encourage prompt performance by the client 's trading partners : for instance , a seller may require interest on late payments , or offer discounts for early payment ; a buyer may contract for the right to withhold payment until satisfactory performance ; 9 to allow the client to use procedurally simple enforcement methods : for instance , terms of sale should be drafted so as to allow the seller to bring a liquidated claim for the price of the goods ; 10 to provide the client with security against non-performance by its trading partners : thus terms of sale are likely to seek to provide the seller with security against non-payment , for instance by means of a retention of title clause ; terms of purchase will seek to minimise the buyer 's exposure by allowing some or all of the price to be [kept] against satisfactory performance .

Will they be retained in specie , or used in a manufacturing process ?
will they be [kept] in specie , or used in a manufacturing process ?

It is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains restrictions , or the grant or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be retained and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .
it is n't invariable practice amongst conveyancers even to keep a third copy of a simple transfer for themselves ( but always keep one if it contains restrictions , or the grant or reservation of rights , etc , or if you will require one for your mortgagee 's solicitors ; normally one prepares top and carbon , both of which are sent to the seller 's conveyancers with a suggestion that the top copy , too , should be [kept] and used as the engrossment if its terms are approved .

In the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the Registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the transfer containing them is retained in the Registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .
in the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the transfer containing them is [kept] in the registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .

Old deeds can be very useful for such a purpose , and certainly any containing plans should in general be retained .
old deeds can be very useful for such a purpose , and certainly any containing plans should in general be [kept] .

( h ) Your notes on title will help you deal with any possible requisitions by the Land Registry and will also indicate at a glance deeds containing restrictive covenants , easements or plans , which should be retained after registration as giving fuller information and exact wording on matters of possible dispute .
( h ) your notes on title will help you deal with any possible requisitions by the land registry and will also indicate at a glance deeds containing restrictive covenants , easements or plans , which should be [kept] after registration as giving fuller information and exact wording on matters of possible dispute .

However , it has become common practice to say that if the terms of the draft are approved , then the top copy should be retained and used as an engrossment for the purposes of signature .
however , it has become common practice to say that if the terms of the draft are approved , then the top copy should be [kept] and used as an engrossment for the purposes of signature .

It is important to identify the settlor because if he or his spouse has retained a benefit or interest under the settlement or can benefit under the settlement he can be taxable upon the trust income .
it is important to identify the settlor because if he or his spouse has [kept] a benefit or interest under the settlement or can benefit under the settlement he can be taxable upon the trust income .

Similarly , if a firm 's name keeps on appearing on behalf of plaintiffs against major local factories , you can be fairly sure that they are retained on behalf of a union .
similarly , if a firm 's name keeps on appearing on behalf of plaintiffs against major local factories , you can be fairly sure that they are [kept] on behalf of a union .

However , once they reach the infective third stage , they are sealed in the retained cuticle of the second stage , can not feed and are completely dependent on their stored reserves .
however , once they reach the infective third stage , they are sealed in the [kept] cuticle of the second stage , can not feed and are completely dependent on their stored reserves .

Though distinction has been made on morphology it is also useful from the veterinary standpoint , for it separates the single harmful species , Oslerus osleri , living in the upper air passages , from the relatively harmless species which are retained in the genus Filaroides , and which live in the lung parenchyma .
though distinction has been made on morphology it is also useful from the veterinary standpoint , for it separates the single harmful species , oslerus osleri , living in the upper air passages , from the relatively harmless species which are [kept] in the genus filaroides , and which live in the lung parenchyma .

’ He still retained his grasp of her hand .
’ he still [kept] his grasp of her hand .

He had been the injured party when his marriage broke up and , in spite of everything , it was all too clear that he still retained strong feelings for the woman he had married .
he had been the injured party when his marriage broke up and , in spite of everything , it was all too clear that he still [kept] strong feelings for the woman he had married .

In considering the payment of income maintenance , regard should be had to any mortgage interest which has to be paid if the matrimonial home is retained and to the most tax advantageous method of payment for both husband and wife .
in considering the payment of income maintenance , regard should be had to any mortgage interest which has to be paid if the matrimonial home is [kept] and to the most tax advantageous method of payment for both husband and wife .

In order that the transferor be relieved from liability in respect of lack of repair prior to the transfer ( see p32 ) express mention to that effect should be made in the transfer , a copy of which might prudently be retained to avoid asking the registrar to exercise his discretion under r290 above .
in order that the transferor be relieved from liability in respect of lack of repair prior to the transfer ( see p32 ) express mention to that effect should be made in the transfer , a copy of which might prudently be [kept] to avoid asking the registrar to exercise his discretion under r290 above .

Where in registered land a new covenant is given by the wife to the building society a certified copy of the transfer containing the covenant should be lodged with the deeds so that the building society has a proper record there of the wife 's liability , the transfer incorporating the covenant itself being retained at the Land Registry .
where in registered land a new covenant is given by the wife to the building society a certified copy of the transfer containing the covenant should be lodged with the deeds so that the building society has a proper record there of the wife 's liability , the transfer incorporating the covenant itself being [kept] at the land registry .

Whether the matrimonial home is held in the joint names of the husband and wife on trust for sale or is in the name of the husband alone , it is not unusual for the court to order that the house be retained but upon certain terms and conditions .
whether the matrimonial home is held in the joint names of the husband and wife on trust for sale or is in the name of the husband alone , it is not unusual for the court to order that the house be [kept] but upon certain terms and conditions .

The Trustee Act 1925 , ss31-32 , should be extended ( see Williams on Wills 6th edn , Butterworths , 1987 , vol 2 , p1267 and 1275 ) if monies are to be retained until such child or children come of age , so that the trustees have flexibility in their use of both income and capital of a child 's share of the trust fund , as should the power of investment so that it is not limited by the Trustee Investments Act 1961 .
the trustee act 1925 , ss31-32 , should be extended ( see williams on wills 6th edn , butterworths , 1987 , vol 2 , p1267 and 1275 ) if monies are to be [kept] until such child or children come of age , so that the trustees have flexibility in their use of both income and capital of a child 's share of the trust fund , as should the power of investment so that it is not limited by the trustee investments act 1961 .

In view of these market changes we would ask the Chancellor to utilise that degree of flexibility he has retained to reduce the degree of excise duty discrimination against spirits .
in view of these market changes we would ask the chancellor to utilise that degree of flexibility he has [kept] to reduce the degree of excise duty discrimination against spirits .

Macari will bring at least two of his Stoke City backroom staff to Parkhead , but he has said that Frank Connor will be retained .
macari will bring at least two of his stoke city backroom staff to parkhead , but he has said that frank connor will be [kept] .

The surplus after taxation adds £67,444 to the retained reserves which now amount to £379,033 .
the surplus after taxation adds £67,444 to the [kept] reserves which now amount to £379,033 .

When this is deposited back in banks , again 10 per cent must be retained and the remaining 90 per cent can be lent out .
when this is deposited back in banks , again 10 per cent must be [kept] and the remaining 90 per cent can be lent out .

Small seeds pass through the digestive tract but the large ones are retained in the crop for 5
small seeds pass through the digestive tract but the large ones are [kept] in the crop for 5

The nitrogen level in the microbial biomass was only 50 % of the original 1 year after clearing and remained low ; little mineralized nitrogen was lost to the atmosphere by denitrification but much may be retained low in the soil profile .
the nitrogen level in the microbial biomass was only 50 % of the original 1 year after clearing and remained low ; little mineralized nitrogen was lost to the atmosphere by denitrification but much may be [kept] low in the soil profile .

The surplus after taxation adds £30,109 to the retained reserves which now amount to £434,941 .
the surplus after taxation adds £30,109 to the [kept] reserves which now amount to £434,941 .

Although Jacques retained his title of ‘ flutte du Roi ’ until his death ( it appears on the first page of his inventory , 1763 ) , this provides no clear indication of when he actually stopped performing , since musicians retained titles as property .
although jacques [kept] his title of ‘ flutte du roi ’ until his death ( it appears on the first page of his inventory , 1763 ) , this provides no clear indication of when he actually stopped performing , since musicians [kept] titles as property .

Note that some of the silicon is retained in kaolinite and that sodium is removed in solution .
note that some of the silicon is [kept] in kaolinite and that sodium is removed in solution .

It has been argued that there is a chunk of data that must be retained about each record : Where was the document created ?
it has been argued that there is a chunk of data that must be [kept] about each record : where was the document created ?

It is essential to assure that information about its meaning , form , format , medium , mode , content , context , usage , and even how it was originally distributed in society is retained .
it is essential to assure that information about its meaning , form , format , medium , mode , content , context , usage , and even how it was originally distributed in society is [kept] .

To understand adequately a system the user requirements , functional specifications as well as user documentation must be retained for life of the data .
to understand adequately a system the user requirements , functional specifications as well as user documentation must be [kept] for life of the data .

In the former country only when electronic documents are printed are they classed as official documents ( Doorn 1993 ) , whereas in the latter country electronic records are considered equivalent to paper records and retained in an accessible form ( Gränström 1993 ) .
in the former country only when electronic documents are printed are they classed as official documents ( doorn 1993 ) , whereas in the latter country electronic records are considered equivalent to paper records and [kept] in an accessible form ( gränström 1993 ) .

Here , records on all media may be subject to the scrutiny and approval of a regulatory body and have to be produced and retained as part of a validated system where dates and times , source and receipt , version control and audit of changes must be an integral part of the system and that system approved by the regulatory body .
here , records on all media may be subject to the scrutiny and approval of a regulatory body and have to be produced and [kept] as part of a validated system where dates and times , source and receipt , version control and audit of changes must be an integral part of the system and that system approved by the regulatory body .

It maintained that the two elements taken together constituted the record and the material must be retained in a way that includes all the pertinent information .
it maintained that the two elements taken together constituted the record and the material must be [kept] in a way that includes all the pertinent information .

The Court stated that the Defendants should err on the side of preservation for two reasons ; the difficulties of deciding what was a record and then whether it should be retained ; their duty to preserve records for historical purposes .
the court stated that the defendants should err on the side of preservation for two reasons ; the difficulties of deciding what was a record and then whether it should be [kept] ; their duty to preserve records for historical purposes .

My guess is that , if business e-mail is managed and retained , it will provide a fuller account of the development of successful ideas .
my guess is that , if business e-mail is managed and [kept] , it will provide a fuller account of the development of successful ideas .

Ideally the information which is suppressed or grouped for contemporary research should be retained for historical research .
ideally the information which is suppressed or grouped for contemporary research should be [kept] for historical research .

It is rarely retained by the organisation beyond its useful life .
it is rarely [kept] by the organisation beyond its useful life .

As archivists are acutely aware , even if electronic records are made ‘ readable ’ , to be of use to the historian of the future the context in which the document was created also needs to be retained ( Zweig 1992 ; Higgs 1992 ) .
as archivists are acutely aware , even if electronic records are made ‘ readable ’ , to be of use to the historian of the future the context in which the document was created also needs to be [kept] ( zweig 1992 ; higgs 1992 ) .

Where the peasantry remained ‘ pre-commercial , ’ as in large parts of Russia and among the emancipated slaves of the Americas who returned to subsistence peasant agriculture , the estate retained this advantage , but without the physical compulsions of serfdom or slavery it now found it more difficult to obtain labour , unless the former slaves or serfs were landless or so short of land as to be obliged to become hired labourers — and unless there was no more attractive labour for them to take .
where the peasantry remained ‘ pre-commercial , ’ as in large parts of russia and among the emancipated slaves of the americas who returned to subsistence peasant agriculture , the estate [kept] this advantage , but without the physical compulsions of serfdom or slavery it now found it more difficult to obtain labour , unless the former slaves or serfs were landless or so short of land as to be obliged to become hired labourers — and unless there was no more attractive labour for them to take .

Much to the unease of many of his followers , Keynes retained the underlying behavioural relationships of the neo-classical model .
much to the unease of many of his followers , keynes [kept] the underlying behavioural relationships of the neo-classical model .

The copy summons so endorsed will be sent by the solicitor to the court office or else retained by the person who has effected service .
the copy summons so endorsed will be sent by the solicitor to the court office or else [kept] by the person who has effected service .

Unless otherwise ordered , any money in court is retained until the application has been heard ( Ord 37 , r 1 ( 6 ) ) .
unless otherwise ordered , any money in court is [kept] until the application has been heard ( ord 37 , r 1 ( 6 ) ) .

However , it should not be assumed that every action with a value in excess of £50,000 will be retained in the High Court .
however , it should not be assumed that every action with a value in excess of £50,000 will be [kept] in the high court .

All jigs , tools , dies , patterns , moulds and gauges manufactured or supplied by you for us in connection with this order shall become our property and shall be retained by you until disposal instructions are given by us to you which instructions shall be complied with forthwith .
all jigs , tools , dies , patterns , moulds and gauges manufactured or supplied by you for us in connection with this order shall become our property and shall be [kept] by you until disposal instructions are given by us to you which instructions shall be complied with forthwith .

The lien of a solicitors ' firm over clients ' papers pending payment of its costs will not be lost by a change in membership so long as the papers have come into the firm 's possession before the change : they can not ( subject always to any specific arrangements with the client to the contrary ) lawfully be retained after such a change in respect of a debt falling due before that event .
the lien of a solicitors ' firm over clients ' papers pending payment of its costs will not be lost by a change in membership so long as the papers have come into the firm 's possession before the change : they can not ( subject always to any specific arrangements with the client to the contrary ) lawfully be [kept] after such a change in respect of a debt falling due before that event .

At common law the landlord will be liable to take reasonable care to keep in repair any essential means of access retained in his possession .
at common law the landlord will be liable to take reasonable care to keep in repair any essential means of access [kept] in his possession .

( 3 ) Third , and most important , understand which of the assets used by the vendor are required by the purchaser and which are to be excluded and retained by the vendor .
( 3 ) third , and most important , understand which of the assets used by the vendor are required by the purchaser and which are to be excluded and [kept] by the vendor .

If the vendor is adamant that it be retained , it is better for all concerned that the deadlock be established early .
if the vendor is adamant that it be [kept] , it is better for all concerned that the deadlock be established early .

The vendor 's concern is to ensure that the monies retained do eventually become available provided the relevant liability has not crystallised .
the vendor 's concern is to ensure that the monies [kept] do eventually become available provided the relevant liability has not crystallised .

The monarch retained the formal prerogative power to appoint the prime minister , but the changed political circumstances essentially dictated that the person chosen should be able to command a majority in the House of Commons .
the monarch [kept] the formal prerogative power to appoint the prime minister , but the changed political circumstances essentially dictated that the person chosen should be able to command a majority in the house of commons .

This followed , `` writes Mackintosh , `` from the view that while a ministry retained the confidence of the elected representatives it was entitled to remain in office .
this followed , `` writes mackintosh , `` from the view that while a ministry [kept] the confidence of the elected representatives it was entitled to remain in office .

Britain retained a parliamentary form of government , but what that meant was not government by Parliament but government through Parliament .
britain [kept] a parliamentary form of government , but what that meant was not government by parliament but government through parliament .

The only significant power of veto retained was that over bills to prolong the life of a Parliament .
the only significant power of veto [kept] was that over bills to prolong the life of a parliament .

Under this system single-member constituencies would be retained with the first-past-the-post method of election retained in each — in other words , the same as at present .
under this system single-member constituencies would be [kept] with the first-past-the-post method of election [kept] in each — in other words , the same as at present .

She retained her faculties until the day she died .
she [kept] her faculties until the day she died .

The complete narrative proposed by this group is as follows , with letters retained for ease of reference , but with the gaps between the sentences closed up in order to render the sequence 'story-like `` .
the complete narrative proposed by this group is as follows , with letters [kept] for ease of reference , but with the gaps between the sentences closed up in order to render the sequence 'story-like `` .

Provided the stress on the web is applied gradually — as here , with tiny droplets slowly filling the sheet — a surprising amount of water can be retained .
provided the stress on the web is applied gradually — as here , with tiny droplets slowly filling the sheet — a surprising amount of water can be [kept] .

Like their prey , they are members of the segmented group of animals , though the degree to which they have retained divisions in their bodies varies considerably .
like their prey , they are members of the segmented group of animals , though the degree to which they have [kept] divisions in their bodies varies considerably .

The second great group of fish retained bone in their skeleton and it is their descendants that today dominate the waters of the world .
the second great group of fish [kept] bone in their skeleton and it is their descendants that today dominate the waters of the world .

The trilobites produced the mosaic eye which has been retained by the insects .
the trilobites produced the mosaic eye which has been [kept] by the insects .

The most extreme and physically complicated breeding techniques are those in which the eggs and the developing larvae are kept moist by being retained actually within the body of the parent .
the most extreme and physically complicated breeding techniques are those in which the eggs and the developing larvae are kept moist by being [kept] actually within the body of the parent .

Here Conventionality takes a role : the term to be retained should be the conventional one , the one used by adults in the speech community , and the term eliminated must be the innovative one introduced ( as a regularization ) by the child .
here conventionality takes a role : the term to be [kept] should be the conventional one , the one used by adults in the speech community , and the term eliminated must be the innovative one introduced ( as a regularization ) by the child .

Children may ‘ decide ’ that the adult past brought , for instance , indicates distant past , while the child 's bringed is retained to indicate more recent past .
children may ‘ decide ’ that the adult past brought , for instance , indicates distant past , while the child 's bringed is [kept] to indicate more recent past .

This is the remark of an understandably anxious man , but one friend has observed that although he seemed as concerned as anyone about the advent of war he still retained his `` detachment of spirit `` .
this is the remark of an understandably anxious man , but one friend has observed that although he seemed as concerned as anyone about the advent of war he still [kept] his `` detachment of spirit `` .

Astley he retained until the end of his life , despite mounting worry about the expense , and spent nearly the whole of his retirement there .
astley he [kept] until the end of his life , despite mounting worry about the expense , and spent nearly the whole of his retirement there .

He did however enjoy the physical beauty of Cambridge , and retained a strong affection for the place on this ground at least .
he did however enjoy the physical beauty of cambridge , and [kept] a strong affection for the place on this ground at least .

He was delighted by the somewhat undeserved honour of the Chancellorship of the University , which was bestowed upon him in 1930 , and which he retained to the end of his life .
he was delighted by the somewhat undeserved honour of the chancellorship of the university , which was bestowed upon him in 1930 , and which he [kept] to the end of his life .

Had this been his dominating characteristic , he could not possibly have retained his position through the vicissitudes and challenges of a decade and a half .
had this been his dominating characteristic , he could not possibly have [kept] his position through the vicissitudes and challenges of a decade and a half .

Indeed , for the first three months of his premiership lie performed a feat which had seemed remarkable even when Gladstone had last done it forty years before and retained the Chancellorship as well as being First Lord of the Treasury .
indeed , for the first three months of his premiership lie performed a feat which had seemed remarkable even when gladstone had last done it forty years before and [kept] the chancellorship as well as being first lord of the treasury .

The most notable maverick was Churchill , who retained most of his old free trade views , but was implacably opposed to progress in India .
the most notable maverick was churchill , who [kept] most of his old free trade views , but was implacably opposed to progress in india .

At the 1931 election the Labour Party retained only one in six of the seats they had won in 1929 .
at the 1931 election the labour party [kept] only one in six of the seats they had won in 1929 .

Throughout 1932 and 1933 he retained not only the position of Prime Minister but most of the prerogatives of the office as well .
throughout 1932 and 1933 he [kept] not only the position of prime minister but most of the prerogatives of the office as well .

In language which retained the authentic ring of Robert Owen , it still sought far-reaching social and political change , ‘ a different order of things , in which the really useful and intelligent part of society only shall have the direction of its affairs ; in which industry and virtue shall meet their just distinction and reward , and vicious idleness its merited contempt and destruction .
in language which [kept] the authentic ring of robert owen , it still sought far-reaching social and political change , ‘ a different order of things , in which the really useful and intelligent part of society only shall have the direction of its affairs ; in which industry and virtue shall meet their just distinction and reward , and vicious idleness its merited contempt and destruction .

In the Rights of United States Nationals in Morocco , it was undisputed that Morocco retained its Statehood even after the Treaty of Fez established the Protectorate and defined France 's powers over it .
in the rights of united states nationals in morocco , it was undisputed that morocco [kept] its statehood even after the treaty of fez established the protectorate and defined france 's powers over it .

By contrast , Judge Lauterpacht retained this emphasis in his insistence that the General Assembly could only authorise the oral hearings if South Africa continued to frustrate the operation of the Mandate ; he laid stress on the continued status of the territory .
by contrast , judge lauterpacht [kept] this emphasis in his insistence that the general assembly could only authorise the oral hearings if south africa continued to frustrate the operation of the mandate ; he laid stress on the continued status of the territory .

When they returned to Cochinchina the French began by treating it as a restored colony and with Cedile , the French Commissioner in the South , and Moutet in Paris both anticipating , or frustrating , the results of the promised referendum there were increasing prospects that it would be retained for French economic interests in the form of a nominally autonomous government .
when they returned to cochinchina the french began by treating it as a restored colony and with cedile , the french commissioner in the south , and moutet in paris both anticipating , or frustrating , the results of the promised referendum there were increasing prospects that it would be [kept] for french economic interests in the form of a nominally autonomous government .

In 1924 , with the slogan `` Keep Cool with Coolidge `` , he easily retained the presidency for the Republicans , carrying 35 states to the Democrats ' 12 ; 15 million Americans voted for him , while 8 million voted for the Democrat candidate and nearly 5 million for Robert La Follette , a Progressive `` third party `` candidate . ``
in 1924 , with the slogan `` keep cool with coolidge `` , he easily [kept] the presidency for the republicans , carrying 35 states to the democrats ' 12 ; 15 million americans voted for him , while 8 million voted for the democrat candidate and nearly 5 million for robert la follette , a progressive `` third party `` candidate . ``

The Republicans lost their narrow majority in Congress at the 1954 mid-term elections ; but Eisenhower 's personal popularity ensured that they retained the White House in 1956 , when he defeated Adlai Stephenson by an even greater margin than in 1952 .
the republicans lost their narrow majority in congress at the 1954 mid-term elections ; but eisenhower 's personal popularity ensured that they [kept] the white house in 1956 , when he defeated adlai stephenson by an even greater margin than in 1952 .

But when the journal Visual Education first appeared in Britain in 1950 , it showed evidence of a great deal of worthy grassroots activity ; the very first issue contained reviews of new materials written by local `` visual aids groups `` , a valuable feature that has been retained ever since .
but when the journal visual education first appeared in britain in 1950 , it showed evidence of a great deal of worthy grassroots activity ; the very first issue contained reviews of new materials written by local `` visual aids groups `` , a valuable feature that has been [kept] ever since .

What contribution to profit would a refurbished reception facility make ? 0 What would happen to profit if the current dilapidated reception facility were retained ?
what contribution to profit would a refurbished reception facility make ? 0 what would happen to profit if the current dilapidated reception facility were [kept] ?

Joseph Chamberlain retained his preference for independence but allowed himself to be overruled by Austen and by the overwhelming wishes of the Liberal Unionist Council to merge .
joseph chamberlain [kept] his preference for independence but allowed himself to be overruled by austen and by the overwhelming wishes of the liberal unionist council to merge .

From 1912 though , his health was not good and he was no real threat to Law , but he retained the backing of a large section of the rank and file in the House of Commons .
from 1912 though , his health was not good and he was no real threat to law , but he [kept] the backing of a large section of the rank and file in the house of commons .

It was also the national cause that prompted Law to accept a junior position ; he took the Colonial Office himself , a backwater in wartime , and Liberals retained most of the major posts .
it was also the national cause that prompted law to accept a junior position ; he took the colonial office himself , a backwater in wartime , and liberals [kept] most of the major posts .

Unsurprisingly , given this position , he is insistent that Anglo-Saxon and philology be retained as essential features of English studies , even in the light of the growth of the discipline : `` Our first responsibility is to our subject , and , as that expands , we must not look for more ingenious methods of selection but for more time to do it justice .
unsurprisingly , given this position , he is insistent that anglo-saxon and philology be [kept] as essential features of english studies , even in the light of the growth of the discipline : `` our first responsibility is to our subject , and , as that expands , we must not look for more ingenious methods of selection but for more time to do it justice .

He retained his position of Director of the Africa Literature Centre in Kitwe until 31 March , and the Centre is now looking for a successor .
he [kept] his position of director of the africa literature centre in kitwe until 31 march , and the centre is now looking for a successor .

The mother of the present Earl decided to include the Rembrandt among other works of art retained when the contents of the family 's English country house , Mentmore Towers , went under Sotheby 's hammer in 1977 .
the mother of the present earl decided to include the rembrandt among other works of art [kept] when the contents of the family 's english country house , mentmore towers , went under sotheby 's hammer in 1977 .

Hong Kong retained the Tuanku Jaafar Trophy ( for the South-East Asia cricket championship ) , defeating hosts Singapore by six wickets in the final .
hong kong [kept] the tuanku jaafar trophy ( for the south-east asia cricket championship ) , defeating hosts singapore by six wickets in the final .

Grenada Schools retained their Sir Garfield Sobers Schools title in the annual tournament in Barbados in July .
grenada schools [kept] their sir garfield sobers schools title in the annual tournament in barbados in july .

One can assume that the leaders of the Revolt were eliminated , removing the upper levels of tribal society , and also that the lands and possessions of the tribes would have been seized by the state to be retained as agerpublicus , sold off to speculators or given as rewards to loyalists .
one can assume that the leaders of the revolt were eliminated , removing the upper levels of tribal society , and also that the lands and possessions of the tribes would have been seized by the state to be [kept] as agerpublicus , sold off to speculators or given as rewards to loyalists .

The smiths formed very close groups based on strong family ties and carefully retained the secret of their craft , including the mystic rituals and the name of their gods .
the smiths formed very close groups based on strong family ties and carefully [kept] the secret of their craft , including the mystic rituals and the name of their gods .

In 1982 , ( fifty years , after the sculptor 's death excluding the statutory ‘ war years ’ ) Rodin 's work moved into the public domain , although the Musée Rodin retained its ‘ droit moral ’ .
in 1982 , ( fifty years , after the sculptor 's death excluding the statutory ‘ war years ’ ) rodin 's work moved into the public domain , although the musée rodin [kept] its ‘ droit moral ’ .

There will be numerous less expensive pieces for collectors , including the plainer wheel-locks , and also an intriguing group of guns by little known local makers , retained as Court gunsmiths by the family well into the nineteenth century ( est. ranging from £500–15,000 ) .
there will be numerous less expensive pieces for collectors , including the plainer wheel-locks , and also an intriguing group of guns by little known local makers , [kept] as court gunsmiths by the family well into the nineteenth century ( est. ranging from £500–15,000 ) .

However , figures are retained for dates , addresses and prices .
however , figures are [kept] for dates , addresses and prices .

Filtration of water is generally done through a bed of sand of fineness around 0.5 mm ( retained on a 30-mesh sieve ) , suitable for taking out the suspended matter without becoming rapidly blocked with solids .
filtration of water is generally done through a bed of sand of fineness around 0.5 mm ( [kept] on a 30-mesh sieve ) , suitable for taking out the suspended matter without becoming rapidly blocked with solids .

Because the majority of college lecturers are probably afraid that they might lose their students if they abandoned lectures whilst the rest of their colleagues retained them as the primary teaching method .
because the majority of college lecturers are probably afraid that they might lose their students if they abandoned lectures whilst the rest of their colleagues [kept] them as the primary teaching method .

Similarly , the individual groups in Persia and Anatolia have generally retained their traditional repertoires .
similarly , the individual groups in persia and anatolia have generally [kept] their traditional repertoires .

Lauda and Ferrari were supreme in 1975 and Lauda 's five wins , including three in succession , were enough to take him on to his first world title , a title he would surely have retained had it not been for his accident at the Nurburgring .
lauda and ferrari were supreme in 1975 and lauda 's five wins , including three in succession , were enough to take him on to his first world title , a title he would surely have [kept] had it not been for his accident at the nurburgring .

The larger the lexicon used in the indexing process , the more information in the definitions is retained , and the greater the contribution of these definitions to the recognition process .
the larger the lexicon used in the indexing process , the more information in the definitions is [kept] , and the greater the contribution of these definitions to the recognition process .

Conyers evidently formed a bridge between the Middleham affinity and its new lord : the first men whom Gloucester retained there were virtually all kinsmen of Sir John .
conyers evidently formed a bridge between the middleham affinity and its new lord : the first men whom gloucester [kept] there were virtually all kinsmen of sir john .

Richard Musgrave , the head of the family under the Yorkists , had been retained by Salisbury as a young man .
richard musgrave , the head of the family under the yorkists , had been [kept] by salisbury as a young man .

Among the local families who had dealings with the duke were the Ratcliffes of Bradley near Skipton , one of whom was retained by Gloucester for service in the Scottish campaign of 1480 .
among the local families who had dealings with the duke were the ratcliffes of bradley near skipton , one of whom was [kept] by gloucester for service in the scottish campaign of 1480 .

Thomas was to be retained by the duke , and all the servants , tenants and inhabitants of the Scrope estates were to be the duke 's men .
thomas was to be [kept] by the duke , and all the servants , tenants and inhabitants of the scrope estates were to be the duke 's men .

Humphrey lord Dacre of Gilsland acted as Gloucester 's deputy on the west march , while in Durham Gloucester retained George Lumley , heir of lord Lumley , whose father had once been a retainer of the earl of Salisbury .
humphrey lord dacre of gilsland acted as gloucester 's deputy on the west march , while in durham gloucester [kept] george lumley , heir of lord lumley , whose father had once been a retainer of the earl of salisbury .

Edmund Paston , it is true , was retained by the duke in 1475 , but this was specifically for the campaign against France , and his letters give no hint of a more extended relationship with the duke .
edmund paston , it is true , was [kept] by the duke in 1475 , but this was specifically for the campaign against france , and his letters give no hint of a more extended relationship with the duke .

Sir William Calthorpe had been retained by the duke in 1469 , while the Wentworths were another family combining Yorkshire and Suffolk interests , so both were plausible ducal associates in the 1470s but there is no hard evidence in either case .
sir william calthorpe had been [kept] by the duke in 1469 , while the wentworths were another family combining yorkshire and suffolk interests , so both were plausible ducal associates in the 1470s but there is no hard evidence in either case .

Fairfax , for instance , was also retained by the earl of Northumberland , the dowager duchess of Norfolk , the duke of Buckingham and the city of York .
fairfax , for instance , was also [kept] by the earl of northumberland , the dowager duchess of norfolk , the duke of buckingham and the city of york .

Voluntary grammar schools retained higher social status than the publicly financed ‘ higher elementary schools ’ , which were stigmatized by their association with the entirely working-class elementary schools .
voluntary grammar schools [kept] higher social status than the publicly financed ‘ higher elementary schools ’ , which were stigmatized by their association with the entirely working-class elementary schools .

The main provisions of the existing Acts covering health and safety , and regulations made under them , will be retained but will be amended , revised or repealed as necessary over a period of years .
the main provisions of the existing acts covering health and safety , and regulations made under them , will be [kept] but will be amended , revised or repealed as necessary over a period of years .

Before 1945 Japan was guilty of substantial imperialist ambitions and aggression in China , and China was often too weak to resist her neighbour 's demands , but China retained a special position in Japanese sentiment and a certain pre-eminence in Japanese eyes .
before 1945 japan was guilty of substantial imperialist ambitions and aggression in china , and china was often too weak to resist her neighbour 's demands , but china [kept] a special position in japanese sentiment and a certain pre-eminence in japanese eyes .

( Thailand concluded a treaty with Japan and retained nominal independence under Japanese military occupation . )
( thailand concluded a treaty with japan and [kept] nominal independence under japanese military occupation . )

In another case Mansfield spelt out the advantages of certainty , that merchants could then depend upon rules , ‘ easily learned and easily retained ’ , rather than upon ‘ subtleties and niceties ’ or ‘ upon speculative refinements from the law of nations or the Roman jus post liminii ’ .
in another case mansfield spelt out the advantages of certainty , that merchants could then depend upon rules , ‘ easily learned and easily [kept] ’ , rather than upon ‘ subtleties and niceties ’ or ‘ upon speculative refinements from the law of nations or the roman jus post liminii ’ .

The Civil Code is retained as a source of law , the provisions of which apply where an individual piece of legislation is silent .
the civil code is [kept] as a source of law , the provisions of which apply where an individual piece of legislation is silent .

Any vestige of friendship Grassi might have retained was to disappear when he saw a letter from Florence claiming that the Jesuits would be powerless to answer Galileo 's arguments .
any vestige of friendship grassi might have [kept] was to disappear when he saw a letter from florence claiming that the jesuits would be powerless to answer galileo 's arguments .

The expansion , it is pointed out , relates solely to administration , with responsibility for the formulation of criminal policy being retained in the hands of the Home Office .
the expansion , it is pointed out , relates solely to administration , with responsibility for the formulation of criminal policy being [kept] in the hands of the home office .

Under the Bill , whipping was to be abolished as a punishment ordered by the courts , being retained only in prisons ( but not in borstals ) as a penalty for the most serious infringements of prison discipline .
under the bill , whipping was to be abolished as a punishment ordered by the courts , being [kept] only in prisons ( but not in borstals ) as a penalty for the most serious infringements of prison discipline .

Invited the Home Secretary to circulate a memorandum to the Cabinet on the suggestion made by the Lord Chancellor that it might be possible to distinguish between certain types of murder for which capital punishment would be retained and other types for which it would be abolished .
invited the home secretary to circulate a memorandum to the cabinet on the suggestion made by the lord chancellor that it might be possible to distinguish between certain types of murder for which capital punishment would be [kept] and other types for which it would be abolished .

On 7 August the Cabinet accepted Ede 's conclusions that an amendment providing for the abolition of capital punishment could not be ruled out of order on the grounds that it did not come within the scope of the Bill , and that it would be impossible to grade murders into those for which capital punishment would be retained and those for which it would be abolished .
on 7 august the cabinet accepted ede 's conclusions that an amendment providing for the abolition of capital punishment could not be ruled out of order on the grounds that it did not come within the scope of the bill , and that it would be impossible to grade murders into those for which capital punishment would be [kept] and those for which it would be abolished .

Many unresolved problems lie ahead . What policy advice will the Home Secretary need on prison matters , for example the use of police cells and contracting with the private sector , which are distinct from the operations of the Prison Service , and by whom should it be given ? What will be the relationship between the Supervisory Board , the Management Board , and the central Home Office ? Will reserve powers be retained by the Secretary of State ? What are the implications for the policy of contracting out and privatization ? Will the new agency be expected to make contracts with private sector companies for the management of what would in effect be rival penal establishments , or will this function continue to be performed by the Home Office ? What , if any legislation , will be called for ?
many unresolved problems lie ahead . what policy advice will the home secretary need on prison matters , for example the use of police cells and contracting with the private sector , which are distinct from the operations of the prison service , and by whom should it be given ? what will be the relationship between the supervisory board , the management board , and the central home office ? will reserve powers be [kept] by the secretary of state ? what are the implications for the policy of contracting out and privatization ? will the new agency be expected to make contracts with private sector companies for the management of what would in effect be rival penal establishments , or will this function continue to be performed by the home office ? what , if any legislation , will be called for ?

The death penalty was retained for repeated murders , while a new defence of diminished responsibility , imported from Scotland , allowed a charge of manslaughter to be substituted for murder if a defendant ‘ was suffering from such abnormality of mind … as substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts … ‘ .
the death penalty was [kept] for repeated murders , while a new defence of diminished responsibility , imported from scotland , allowed a charge of manslaughter to be substituted for murder if a defendant ‘ was suffering from such abnormality of mind … as substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts … ‘ .

This is the 11th edition of the book first published in 1953 and has retained the same structure as the original .
this is the 11th edition of the book first published in 1953 and has [kept] the same structure as the original .

Kenya 's success in increasing the proportion of the income retained at home has , however , been only modest .
kenya 's success in increasing the proportion of the income [kept] at home has , however , been only modest .

Though the policy of according preference to foreigners has been retained , its application has changed dramatically .
though the policy of according preference to foreigners has been [kept] , its application has changed dramatically .

With the carriage were displayed the necessaire , and an assortment of items which has originally been retained by von Keller as souvenirs and which were eventually acquired by Madame Tussaud .
with the carriage were displayed the necessaire , and an assortment of items which has originally been [kept] by von keller as souvenirs and which were eventually acquired by madame tussaud .

The originals were removed and retained by the upholsterer employed to carry out this work .
the originals were removed and [kept] by the upholsterer employed to carry out this work .

They retained and emphasised , instead , the written documents deliberately produced by a centralised Chancery and other Norman offices and institutions .
they [kept] and emphasised , instead , the written documents deliberately produced by a centralised chancery and other norman offices and institutions .

In modern Britain the State is generally acknowledged to have kept the peace and retained the allegiance of its citizens during a period of great social change .
in modern britain the state is generally acknowledged to have kept the peace and [kept] the allegiance of its citizens during a period of great social change .

The anti-rationalist , anti-systematizing characteristics of conservative normativism were retained intact .
the anti-rationalist , anti-systematizing characteristics of conservative normativism were [kept] intact .

The second copy is handed to the cashier who uses it to prepare the customer 's bill and the third copy is retained in the waiter 's book .
the second copy is handed to the cashier who uses it to prepare the customer 's bill and the third copy is [kept] in the waiter 's book .

As a result of the congressional elections meanwhile , the Democrats retained their crushing margin of superiority , returning 292 candidates in the House ( as against 143 Republicans ) and in the Senate finishing up with 62 seats ( compared with 38 for the Republicans ) .
as a result of the congressional elections meanwhile , the democrats [kept] their crushing margin of superiority , returning 292 candidates in the house ( as against 143 republicans ) and in the senate finishing up with 62 seats ( compared with 38 for the republicans ) .

But care was taken that the wealthier members of the nobility should dominate the minority of peasant and urban representatives , the zemstvo budget and powers of taxation were strictly limited , and through the provincial governor and local police the government retained close supervisory powers .
but care was taken that the wealthier members of the nobility should dominate the minority of peasant and urban representatives , the zemstvo budget and powers of taxation were strictly limited , and through the provincial governor and local police the government [kept] close supervisory powers .

But again the government retained extensive administrative powers to give it a free hand in dealing with radical writers and journalists .
but again the government [kept] extensive administrative powers to give it a free hand in dealing with radical writers and journalists .

They also included the operation of ‘ stand down , ’ by which the airline retained scarce skills by allowing people to work elsewhere on part pay but having the opportunity to recall them at a month 's notice .
they also included the operation of ‘ stand down , ’ by which the airline [kept] scarce skills by allowing people to work elsewhere on part pay but having the opportunity to recall them at a month 's notice .

As a consequence , the condition of the peasantry in twelfth-century France varied markedly from community to community ' , the extremes of contrast coming between those villages on the royal demesne protected by the customs of Lorris , and those in Champagne where serfdom retained its original rigours , where peasants remained the property of their lords , their labour services heavy , their safeguards against exploitative lordship non-existent .
as a consequence , the condition of the peasantry in twelfth-century france varied markedly from community to community ' , the extremes of contrast coming between those villages on the royal demesne protected by the customs of lorris , and those in champagne where serfdom [kept] its original rigours , where peasants remained the property of their lords , their labour services heavy , their safeguards against exploitative lordship non-existent .

Since the 1970s the reduction in dependence on bank loans has been a more general feature , especially among manufacturing firms who are able to finance more of their investment out of retained profits or accumulated reserves .
since the 1970s the reduction in dependence on bank loans has been a more general feature , especially among manufacturing firms who are able to finance more of their investment out of [kept] profits or accumulated reserves .

In other cases , issuing of cheques is sometimes delayed , or money due is retained in part , often on cosmetic excuses such as fines for overtrading etc .
in other cases , issuing of cheques is sometimes delayed , or money due is [kept] in part , often on cosmetic excuses such as fines for overtrading etc .

The store is a collection of store locations or words , into each of which the computer can place a piece of information , to be retained for later extraction and use .
the store is a collection of store locations or words , into each of which the computer can place a piece of information , to be [kept] for later extraction and use .

Unless we attend to the words which have been placed into working memory , they will not be retained .
unless we attend to the words which have been placed into working memory , they will not be [kept] .

And while his experiences had hardened him , he still retained the ideals of his youth .
and while his experiences had hardened him , he still [kept] the ideals of his youth .

The intention was that the substance of popular power be retained as far as possible .
the intention was that the substance of popular power be [kept] as far as possible .

Consequently , it mattered little whether the facade was retained or stripped away to reveal the reality behind it .
consequently , it mattered little whether the facade was [kept] or stripped away to reveal the reality behind it .

In such highly evolved animals as insects the primitive segmentation , in so far as it affects the internal anatomy , has undergone profound modifications ; the segmental repetition of parts is nevertheless retained to some extent in the central nervous system , the heart , tracheal system and in the body musculature .
in such highly evolved animals as insects the primitive segmentation , in so far as it affects the internal anatomy , has undergone profound modifications ; the segmental repetition of parts is nevertheless [kept] to some extent in the central nervous system , the heart , tracheal system and in the body musculature .

In the embryo , each body segment may bear a pair of outgrowths or appendages which may or may not be retained in postembryonic life .
in the embryo , each body segment may bear a pair of outgrowths or appendages which may or may not be [kept] in postembryonic life .

Those retained are listed in Schedule 2 of the Act .
those [kept] are listed in schedule 2 of the act .

The findings indicate that , as might be suspected from common experience , impressions formed during sleep are not retained .
the findings indicate that , as might be suspected from common experience , impressions formed during sleep are not [kept] .

The early animal links were therefore retained either in the god 's shape , in the attributes assigned to him , or in his association with certain animals deemed to be sacred to him .
the early animal links were therefore [kept] either in the god 's shape , in the attributes assigned to him , or in his association with certain animals deemed to be sacred to him .

During this process gods worshipped in the same animal eventually fused together , while other retained a separate identity .
during this process gods worshipped in the same animal eventually fused together , while other [kept] a separate identity .

this practice was abandoned before the Dynastic Period but was symbolically retained in the Heb-sed or jubilee festival .
this practice was abandoned before the dynastic period but was symbolically [kept] in the heb-sed or jubilee festival .

Osiris retained his role as a fertility god but soon added other elements to his character .
osiris [kept] his role as a fertility god but soon added other elements to his character .

Since all information given to patients may not be retained or understood , you must try to give information clearly and concisely , check patients ' understanding , offer patients opportunities to ask questions and be prepared to repeat information when necessary .
since all information given to patients may not be [kept] or understood , you must try to give information clearly and concisely , check patients ' understanding , offer patients opportunities to ask questions and be prepared to repeat information when necessary .

Fluid excess may occur in the post-operative period , and presents problems if the excess fluid is retained within the cells or in the vital organs as central and pulmonary oedema .
fluid excess may occur in the post-operative period , and presents problems if the excess fluid is [kept] within the cells or in the vital organs as central and pulmonary oedema .

Only one school evaluated had formed and retained a permanent library committee .
only one school evaluated had formed and [kept] a permanent library committee .

For these people , work is essential and must be retained at all costs .
for these people , work is essential and must be [kept] at all costs .

Because the salmon live in the icy waters of Alaska then migrate to the Pacific , where they live a wild and natural existence , many valuable nutrients are retained in the canning process to produce the perfect ingredient to include in a weight-reducing diet .
because the salmon live in the icy waters of alaska then migrate to the pacific , where they live a wild and natural existence , many valuable nutrients are [kept] in the canning process to produce the perfect ingredient to include in a weight-reducing diet .

For in each country where the game had taken hold , the essential English principles had been retained , but the game had been redefined , building up traditions and skills as substantial as anything within the English game .
for in each country where the game had taken hold , the essential english principles had been [kept] , but the game had been redefined , building up traditions and skills as substantial as anything within the english game .

Those of us who have retained an optimism for football 's capacity for survival and ability to re-invent itself are already checking our watches .
those of us who have [kept] an optimism for football 's capacity for survival and ability to re-invent itself are already checking our watches .

Ruggiero Ricci recorded this collection of Wieniawski showpieces a dozen years ago , when his playing still retained much of its fabled , and now legendary brilliance .
ruggiero ricci recorded this collection of wieniawski showpieces a dozen years ago , when his playing still [kept] much of its fabled , and now legendary brilliance .

The 1884 Act , which brought a wider suffrage to the countryside , was particularly significant as it was in the counties that local government retained its unreformed structure .
the 1884 act , which brought a wider suffrage to the countryside , was particularly significant as it was in the counties that local government [kept] its unreformed structure .

The large burghs retained more functions than the small which had given up ‘ most of their important functions to the surrounding county council ’ ( Wheatley 1969:25 ) .
the large burghs [kept] more functions than the small which had given up ‘ most of their important functions to the surrounding county council ’ ( wheatley 1969:25 ) .

1 ) ; second , the number of boroughs was reduced to thirty-two ( plus the City of London which received the responsibilities of a borough but retained its own status ) ( see Table 2 .
1 ) ; second , the number of boroughs was reduced to thirty-two ( plus the city of london which received the responsibilities of a borough but [kept] its own status ) ( see table 2 .

On the other hand , the Conservative proposals , while abolishing the Labour strongholds in the county boroughs , retained districts based on towns and cities that Labour could be expected to control — and created large metropolitan counties which Labour could dominate in favourable years .
on the other hand , the conservative proposals , while abolishing the labour strongholds in the county boroughs , [kept] districts based on towns and cities that labour could be expected to control — and created large metropolitan counties which labour could dominate in favourable years .

In non-metropolitan areas these responsibilities are retained by the county .
in non-metropolitan areas these responsibilities are [kept] by the county .

Similarly , the title of mayor or lord mayor where retained adds to the social status but not to the legal position of the person holding the chair of the council .
similarly , the title of mayor or lord mayor where [kept] adds to the social status but not to the legal position of the person holding the chair of the council .

The Borders also resisted Conservative attempts to gain control and Independent councillors retained their power ( Keating and Midwinter 1983:109 ) .
the borders also resisted conservative attempts to gain control and independent councillors [kept] their power ( keating and midwinter 1983:109 ) .

It would also be expensive if realistic salaries were paid and the existing number of councillors retained .
it would also be expensive if realistic salaries were paid and the existing number of councillors [kept] .

According to the ideology , such relative purity can only be retained by the ritual avoidance of contact between members of the different castes and as such determining the extent to which one can enter into any sort of activity or relationship .
according to the ideology , such relative purity can only be [kept] by the ritual avoidance of contact between members of the different castes and as such determining the extent to which one can enter into any sort of activity or relationship .

Few people in England , outside the Fascist movements , retained any illusions about Hitler .
few people in england , outside the fascist movements , [kept] any illusions about hitler .

Wednesday was the last day when Berlin retained some appearance of a great capital at peace .
wednesday was the last day when berlin [kept] some appearance of a great capital at peace .

Japanese authority over Korea was confirmed by the settlement of the conflict in 1905 but Japan did not immediately annex Korea ; instead the Korean monarchy was retained and a Japanese resident-general was appointed in Seoul .
japanese authority over korea was confirmed by the settlement of the conflict in 1905 but japan did not immediately annex korea ; instead the korean monarchy was [kept] and a japanese resident-general was appointed in seoul .

The Ryukyus should be retained as an integral part of the island chain .
the ryukyus should be [kept] as an integral part of the island chain .

Chairman John Asprey last year merged the company with Mappin & Webb , but retained majority control .
chairman john asprey last year merged the company with mappin & webb , but [kept] majority control .

Catholic areas generally retained higher fertility than Protestant ones .
catholic areas generally [kept] higher fertility than protestant ones .

However , fertility was higher where areas had high Irish or Roman Catholic populations ( Teitelbaum 1984 ) ; some parts of Wales , the Highlands of Scotland , and Ulster had later fertility declines ( the rest of Ireland much later ) and Wales and Scotland also retained distinctive marriage patterns .
however , fertility was higher where areas had high irish or roman catholic populations ( teitelbaum 1984 ) ; some parts of wales , the highlands of scotland , and ulster had later fertility declines ( the rest of ireland much later ) and wales and scotland also [kept] distinctive marriage patterns .

SustainAbility , the company she owns and runs with John Elkington , is an environmental marketing consultancy retained by , among others , Shell , Procter & Gamble , British Telecom , and Volvo .
sustainability , the company she owns and runs with john elkington , is an environmental marketing consultancy [kept] by , among others , shell , procter & gamble , british telecom , and volvo .

Throughout her murder trial , the Baroness — who retained her title after her divorce from de Stempel in 1984 — remained stoical , calm , slightly detached .
throughout her murder trial , the baroness — who [kept] her title after her divorce from de stempel in 1984 — remained stoical , calm , slightly detached .

But Logical Positivism has retained more influence in the social sciences .
but logical positivism has [kept] more influence in the social sciences .

There has been no word of apology or interest paid on money retained .
there has been no word of apology or interest paid on money [kept] .

The greatest number of Contracting States have designated their Ministries of Justice ( or some organ of the Ministry , for example the French Ministry 's specialist bureau de l'entraide judiciaire internationale ) ; a substantial group of countries have placed the Central Authority within the courts service ( for example the Netherlands ' designation of the Officier van Justitie or public prosecutor attached to the District Court of The Hague ) ; and relatively few have retained the Foreign Ministry .
the greatest number of contracting states have designated their ministries of justice ( or some organ of the ministry , for example the french ministry 's specialist bureau de l'entraide judiciaire internationale ) ; a substantial group of countries have placed the central authority within the courts service ( for example the netherlands ' designation of the officier van justitie or public prosecutor attached to the district court of the hague ) ; and relatively few have [kept] the foreign ministry .

The practice is for the second copy of the Request to be retained in the files of the Central Authority as a record of its action in the matter , and for the second copy of the document itself to be returned with the completed Certificate of service so as to eliminate any doubt as to which document is covered by the Certificate .
the practice is for the second copy of the request to be [kept] in the files of the central authority as a record of its action in the matter , and for the second copy of the document itself to be returned with the completed certificate of service so as to eliminate any doubt as to which document is covered by the certificate .

It was nonetheless retained in the final text , as Article 11 , and extended to include any other channel of transmission not included in the earlier Articles .
it was nonetheless [kept] in the final text , as article 11 , and extended to include any other channel of transmission not included in the earlier articles .

This is a phrase retained from the earlier Hague Conventions .
this is a phrase [kept] from the earlier hague conventions .

The traditional style and character of the building have been carefully retained .
the traditional style and character of the building have been carefully [kept] .

They are now comfortable and attractive residences where the original character and style of the buildings has been retained .
they are now comfortable and attractive residences where the original character and style of the buildings has been [kept] .

Local incentive schemes are the most likely way of getting general practitioners to change prescribing habits by ensuring that they see the benefits retained in local health care .
local incentive schemes are the most likely way of getting general practitioners to change prescribing habits by ensuring that they see the benefits [kept] in local health care .

The design of the first year curriculum included mainly a problem based approach , but one course retained a traditional lecture based format .
the design of the first year curriculum included mainly a problem based approach , but one course [kept] a traditional lecture based format .

However , most countries still retained some degree of control over capital account transactions , mainly because the volatile nature of capital flows was thought to present potential problems for the stability of their exchange rates .
however , most countries still [kept] some degree of control over capital account transactions , mainly because the volatile nature of capital flows was thought to present potential problems for the stability of their exchange rates .

The snake was now allowed to float against the other major currencies , but a maximum spread of 2¼ per cent was still retained for the currencies in the snake .
the snake was now allowed to float against the other major currencies , but a maximum spread of 2¼ per cent was still [kept] for the currencies in the snake .

Essentially a single-breasted riding coat with the tails removed and the fronts considerably shortened , it retained its pronounced waist .
essentially a single-breasted riding coat with the tails removed and the fronts considerably shortened , it [kept] its pronounced waist .

Jung seemed to have lost the emphasis on the body , and especially on the sexual instincts , which Freud retained in all his work .
jung seemed to have lost the emphasis on the body , and especially on the sexual instincts , which freud [kept] in all his work .

The idea of basic sexual instincts , which are present from birth and which may also be unconscious , was retained in all Freud 's theories .
the idea of basic sexual instincts , which are present from birth and which may also be unconscious , was [kept] in all freud 's theories .

This means that because it was an explanatory one , his theory of religion has retained an interest long after later more empiricist studies have lost scientific interest .
this means that because it was an explanatory one , his theory of religion has [kept] an interest long after later more empiricist studies have lost scientific interest .

This the Jews retained , and the associated renunciation of the instincts of sexuality and aggression .
this the jews [kept] , and the associated renunciation of the instincts of sexuality and aggression .

The later theory of instincts , which included the death instincts , as well as the sexual instincts which were retained from the first formulation , seemed to solve the theoretical difficulties that arose with the first theory of instincts .
the later theory of instincts , which included the death instincts , as well as the sexual instincts which were [kept] from the first formulation , seemed to solve the theoretical difficulties that arose with the first theory of instincts .

The way any scientific field develops , however , is through organizing observations around such general principles , and these are retained unless there is very good reason to abandon them .
the way any scientific field develops , however , is through organizing observations around such general principles , and these are [kept] unless there is very good reason to abandon them .

It is precisely because Herbert Marcuse , for example , has retained the notion of the death instincts that he is to be seen as having advanced psychoanalytic sociology and social philosophy .
it is precisely because herbert marcuse , for example , has [kept] the notion of the death instincts that he is to be seen as having advanced psychoanalytic sociology and social philosophy .

Ring John was released on the understanding that his ransom would be paid , and Edward retained some noble hostages as sureties for the payment .
ring john was released on the understanding that his ransom would be paid , and edward [kept] some noble hostages as sureties for the payment .

Although men who were retained for life by a great magnate had an obligation to serve him in peace and war , and although there is little evidence about how the sub-contractors recruited their troops , neither the magnate captains nor their sub-contractors seem to have encountered much difficulty in persuading men to serve .
although men who were [kept] for life by a great magnate had an obligation to serve him in peace and war , and although there is little evidence about how the sub-contractors recruited their troops , neither the magnate captains nor their sub-contractors seem to have encountered much difficulty in persuading men to serve .

Paul and Sarah Davison retained the junior doubles title they have won for the last two years .
paul and sarah davison [kept] the junior doubles title they have won for the last two years .

Although mineral rights are generally held by the surface landowner , they may have been retained by a previous landowner when the surface freehold was sold , particularly in areas with a long history of mining such as South-west England .
although mineral rights are generally held by the surface landowner , they may have been [kept] by a previous landowner when the surface freehold was sold , particularly in areas with a long history of mining such as south-west england .

The men retained the 5,000m gold , although last year 's winner Jeremy Freeman , was beaten into third spot by England international Dale Laughlin , former Anglo-European pupil now living in Romford , who showed a smart pair of heels .
the men [kept] the 5,000m gold , although last year 's winner jeremy freeman , was beaten into third spot by england international dale laughlin , former anglo-european pupil now living in romford , who showed a smart pair of heels .

‘ It should not only be retained but given the go-ahead for further development , involving new advanced PWRs to replace the aging Magnoxes .
‘ it should not only be [kept] but given the go-ahead for further development , involving new advanced pwrs to replace the aging magnoxes .

The Fast Drains operation will continue to operate from Woking and most of the staff have been retained .
the fast drains operation will continue to operate from woking and most of the staff have been [kept] .

No provision is made for any additional taxation which might arise should the retained reserves of overseas subsidiary companies be distributed .
no provision is made for any additional taxation which might arise should the [kept] reserves of overseas subsidiary companies be distributed .

On the acquisition front we retained David , Barry and all the staff at Argyll Services on board in September and now that they 've got used to our paperwork they 'll be looking forward to showing us what they can do in 1993 .
on the acquisition front we [kept] david , barry and all the staff at argyll services on board in september and now that they 've got used to our paperwork they 'll be looking forward to showing us what they can do in 1993 .

Centres must stick to the published learning outcomes and performance criteria and only vary the assessment instruments if they have permission — and they must make sure that candidates ' work is retained until the published dates .
centres must stick to the published learning outcomes and performance criteria and only vary the assessment instruments if they have permission — and they must make sure that candidates ' work is [kept] until the published dates .

There are obvious dangers in leaving the salvage with the Policyholder and therefore salvage should be retained by the Corporation .
there are obvious dangers in leaving the salvage with the policyholder and therefore salvage should be [kept] by the corporation .

At the present , with a judicial interest rate of 15 % , it seems possible to argue that unless the funds retained in the hands of the insurer can achieve a better return , the value of the claim is best restricted by meeting some portion of , if not the whole of past loss , particularly past loss of earnings .
at the present , with a judicial interest rate of 15 % , it seems possible to argue that unless the funds [kept] in the hands of the insurer can achieve a better return , the value of the claim is best restricted by meeting some portion of , if not the whole of past loss , particularly past loss of earnings .

The central circular atrium — the former school assembly hall — with its severe but splendid Italian Renaissance pilasters supporting the dome above , was to be retained and restored .
the central circular atrium — the former school assembly hall — with its severe but splendid italian renaissance pilasters supporting the dome above , was to be [kept] and restored .

They are Forte , which has retained 25 per cent and CINVen , which controls pension funds for British Coal , Barclays Bank and British Rail .
they are forte , which has [kept] 25 per cent and cinven , which controls pension funds for british coal , barclays bank and british rail .

Where possible , some of the hotel 's original furniture has been retained after being refinished in France .
where possible , some of the hotel 's original furniture has been [kept] after being refinished in france .

Tickets were retained and handed over for juice and crisps when requested .
tickets were [kept] and handed over for juice and crisps when requested .

to be retained by the Village Association .
to be [kept] by the village association .

The Council reiterates its previously expressed view that the existing system of local government in Scotland should be retained , that a convincing case for change remains to be made and that the cost , confusion and disruption involved in the proposed reorganisation is not justified .
the council reiterates its previously expressed view that the existing system of local government in scotland should be [kept] , that a convincing case for change remains to be made and that the cost , confusion and disruption involved in the proposed reorganisation is not justified .

Where land is being retained for particular development in the future — such as the metro system — this can not be regarded as available for grant-aided woodland planting .
where land is being [kept] for particular development in the future — such as the metro system — this can not be regarded as available for grant-aided woodland planting .

The consultation paper and video are designed to mean all things to all men — we can not assume that points we support will be retained . The Departmental submission should specifically support key points , eg
the consultation paper and video are designed to mean all things to all men — we can not assume that points we support will be [kept] . the departmental submission should specifically support key points , eg

The present publishers , John Horbury & Associates , had quoted with an increase of only five per cent and they would be retained due to their reliability and flexibility .
the present publishers , john horbury & associates , had quoted with an increase of only five per cent and they would be [kept] due to their reliability and flexibility .

The significance of this is that not merely does sight — particularly the excellent stereoscopic colour vision of the primates — require a developed cerebral cortex , but it also tends to mean progressive emancipation from the basic chemical and pheromonal control of behaviour seen in many mammals in which the sense of smell has retained its pristine importance .
the significance of this is that not merely does sight — particularly the excellent stereoscopic colour vision of the primates — require a developed cerebral cortex , but it also tends to mean progressive emancipation from the basic chemical and pheromonal control of behaviour seen in many mammals in which the sense of smell has [kept] its pristine importance .

Yet the primate hand , particularly in the case of man , who has retained ( or , more accurately , re-acquired ) a generalized , unspecialized hand , can be put to many other uses than merely grasping branches .
yet the primate hand , particularly in the case of man , who has [kept] ( or , more accurately , re-acquired ) a generalized , unspecialized hand , can be put to many other uses than merely grasping branches .

However , once a hunting group acquired females and retained its cooperative , more egalitarian social structure , immense benefits in terms of natural selection would follow mainly because survival — and therefore evolutionary fitness — would be greatly enhanced for all , in contrast to the previous foraging way of life with its great limitations on mutual support , its dietary individualism , lack of home-bases , poor nutrition and so on .
however , once a hunting group acquired females and [kept] its cooperative , more egalitarian social structure , immense benefits in terms of natural selection would follow mainly because survival — and therefore evolutionary fitness — would be greatly enhanced for all , in contrast to the previous foraging way of life with its great limitations on mutual support , its dietary individualism , lack of home-bases , poor nutrition and so on .

This was quintessentially a redirection , redeployment and adaptation of the id , for hunting is self-evidently a highly aggressive and instinctually satisfying occupation ( which is presumably why it has been retained as a sport in more evolved societies ) .
this was quintessentially a redirection , redeployment and adaptation of the id , for hunting is self-evidently a highly aggressive and instinctually satisfying occupation ( which is presumably why it has been [kept] as a sport in more evolved societies ) .

In the early years of the regime it was necessary to rely on the ‘ retained cadres ’ from the Nationalist government because the working and peasant classes , though loyal politically , could not produce people of sufficient literacy to staff the bureaucracy .
in the early years of the regime it was necessary to rely on the ‘ [kept] cadres ’ from the nationalist government because the working and peasant classes , though loyal politically , could not produce people of sufficient literacy to staff the bureaucracy .

These results show that there is a higher complication rate if there are features of Crohn 's disease but that the medium term functional results are acceptable if the pouch can be retained .
these results show that there is a higher complication rate if there are features of crohn 's disease but that the medium term functional results are acceptable if the pouch can be [kept] .

Indeterminate colitis — six patients had a subtotal colectomy before diagnosis , three having had an ileorectal anastomosis and three an ileostomy with a retained rectal stump .
indeterminate colitis — six patients had a subtotal colectomy before diagnosis , three having had an ileorectal anastomosis and three an ileostomy with a [kept] rectal stump .

He had a proctectomy and partial colectomy , but unfortunately died aged 50 years from multiple new carcinomata in the retained ascending colon .
he had a proctectomy and partial colectomy , but unfortunately died aged 50 years from multiple new carcinomata in the [kept] ascending colon .

Conyers evidently formed a bridge between the Middleham affinity and its new lord : the first men whom Gloucester retained there were virtually all kinsmen of Sir John .
conyers evidently formed a bridge between the middleham affinity and its new lord : the first men whom gloucester [kept] there were virtually all kinsmen of sir john .

Richard Musgrave , the head of the family under the Yorkists , had been retained by Salisbury as a young man .
richard musgrave , the head of the family under the yorkists , had been [kept] by salisbury as a young man .

Among the local families who had dealings with the duke were the Ratcliffes of Bradley near Skipton , one of whom was retained by Gloucester for service in the Scottish campaign of 1480 .
among the local families who had dealings with the duke were the ratcliffes of bradley near skipton , one of whom was [kept] by gloucester for service in the scottish campaign of 1480 .

Thomas was to be retained by the duke , and all the servants , tenants and inhabitants of the Scrope estates were to be the duke 's men .
thomas was to be [kept] by the duke , and all the servants , tenants and inhabitants of the scrope estates were to be the duke 's men .

Humphrey lord Dacre of Gilsland acted as Gloucester 's deputy on the west march , while in Durham Gloucester retained George Lumley , heir of lord Lumley , whose father had once been a retainer of the earl of Salisbury .
humphrey lord dacre of gilsland acted as gloucester 's deputy on the west march , while in durham gloucester [kept] george lumley , heir of lord lumley , whose father had once been a retainer of the earl of salisbury .

Edmund Paston , it is true , was retained by the duke in 1475 , but this was specifically for the campaign against France , and his letters give no hint of a more extended relationship with the duke .
edmund paston , it is true , was [kept] by the duke in 1475 , but this was specifically for the campaign against france , and his letters give no hint of a more extended relationship with the duke .

Sir William Calthorpe had been retained by the duke in 1469 , while the Wentworths were another family combining Yorkshire and Suffolk interests , so both were plausible ducal associates in the 1470s but there is no hard evidence in either case .
sir william calthorpe had been [kept] by the duke in 1469 , while the wentworths were another family combining yorkshire and suffolk interests , so both were plausible ducal associates in the 1470s but there is no hard evidence in either case .

Fairfax , for instance , was also retained by the earl of Northumberland , the dowager duchess of Norfolk , the duke of Buckingham and the city of York .
fairfax , for instance , was also [kept] by the earl of northumberland , the dowager duchess of norfolk , the duke of buckingham and the city of york .

Overall , the most significant abnormality seems to be a divergence of the emptying rates of liquids and solids with liquids emptying faster than normal and solids being retained in the stomach for longer than normal .
overall , the most significant abnormality seems to be a divergence of the emptying rates of liquids and solids with liquids emptying faster than normal and solids being [kept] in the stomach for longer than normal .

It was retained chiefly for decoration and facings to walls , floors and vaults .
it was [kept] chiefly for decoration and facings to walls , floors and vaults .

Metals such as bronze were generally retained for decorative use only and for sculpture , although there are individual examples of constructional needs , as at the Pantheon where the roof tiles and ceiling panels were of bronze .
metals such as bronze were generally [kept] for decorative use only and for sculpture , although there are individual examples of constructional needs , as at the pantheon where the roof tiles and ceiling panels were of bronze .

Such Corinthian capitals were adapted to Byzantine use ; generally the two rows of acanthus leaves were retained but the rosettes and volutes were altered in different ways ( 182 ) .
such corinthian capitals were adapted to byzantine use ; generally the two rows of acanthus leaves were [kept] but the rosettes and volutes were altered in different ways ( 182 ) .

It was an artistic and cultural centre as well as a commercial one and retained its importance until the rise of Moscow in the fifteenth century .
it was an artistic and cultural centre as well as a commercial one and [kept] its importance until the rise of moscow in the fifteenth century .

The ingredient could be retained for other users thereby saving purchases of £34,000 less 25% [ £8,500 ] = £25,500 .
the ingredient could be [kept] for other users thereby saving purchases of £34,000 less 25% [ £8,500 ] = £25,500 .

The partial imputation shades into the split rate system , which treats distributed income in a more favourable tax manner than income retained by the corporation .
the partial imputation shades into the split rate system , which treats distributed income in a more favourable tax manner than income [kept] by the corporation .

Edward was dressed impeccably , but he retained his raffish air .
edward was dressed impeccably , but he [kept] his raffish air .

Although few people still retained the Great War view that German soldiers wore dead babies on their helmet spikes and lived on human flesh , there was little doubt in many minds that the Fuhrer was related to the devil .
although few people still [kept] the great war view that german soldiers wore dead babies on their helmet spikes and lived on human flesh , there was little doubt in many minds that the fuhrer was related to the devil .

All sources of all emitted software must be retained during the lifetime of the supported product .
all sources of all emitted software must be [kept] during the lifetime of the supported product .

To set a time-cycle for the automatic printing of retained mail messages .
to set a time-cycle for the automatic printing of [kept] mail messages .

classification the classification to be given to the volume ; this is only retained as a reminder to the user of the overall volume classification .
classification the classification to be given to the volume ; this is only [kept] as a reminder to the user of the overall volume classification .

This is largely due to the increase in the number of module versions retained but it is also due to the overhead in the database management files controlling the database .
this is largely due to the increase in the number of module versions [kept] but it is also due to the overhead in the database management files controlling the database .

In the fullness of time when products are superseded , module versions may no longer be required and consequently may no longer need to be retained in magnetic form .
in the fullness of time when products are superseded , module versions may no longer be required and consequently may no longer need to be [kept] in magnetic form .

Most of them retained their medieval walls and intricate street patterns and they often served as ecclesiastical or secular centres of administration , but their major role was to act as retail , handicraft and distribution points for wide hinterlands .
most of them [kept] their medieval walls and intricate street patterns and they often served as ecclesiastical or secular centres of administration , but their major role was to act as retail , handicraft and distribution points for wide hinterlands .

But such places retained their ancient functions and the market area kept its traditional character intact .
but such places [kept] their ancient functions and the market area kept its traditional character intact .

Only Chapmangate and St Helen 's Gate retained their ancient forms .
only chapmangate and st helen 's gate [kept] their ancient forms .

Keep cut stems short so that next years flower buds are retained .
keep cut stems short so that next years flower buds are [kept] .

Those parts of the drying system recently installed will be retained with the new sections being added as part of a long term policy of improvements .
those parts of the drying system recently installed will be [kept] with the new sections being added as part of a long term policy of improvements .

Many large companies acquire overseas subsidiaries and others build up their overseas interests internally from retained earnings and local borrowings .
many large companies acquire overseas subsidiaries and others build up their overseas interests internally from [kept] earnings and local borrowings .

Accurate and comprehensive claims are prepared from data retained and used as management information and estimating source information .
accurate and comprehensive claims are prepared from data [kept] and used as management information and estimating source information .

Edgar Garay was confirmed as Navy Commander and Gen. Oscar Botero Restrepo retained his post as Defence Minister .
edgar garay was confirmed as navy commander and gen. oscar botero restrepo [kept] his post as defence minister .

The Netherlands retained its open policy on drug use but would help other members to combat trafficking , and there would be greater co-operation to stop the illegal movement of guns , ammunition and explosives .
the netherlands [kept] its open policy on drug use but would help other members to combat trafficking , and there would be greater co-operation to stop the illegal movement of guns , ammunition and explosives .

In 1965 Ferdinand Marcos became President and retained power thereafter through the increasing use of political corruption and coercion .
in 1965 ferdinand marcos became president and [kept] power thereafter through the increasing use of political corruption and coercion .

Few ministers from the previous cabinet were retained ; the new ministers were largely technocrats .
few ministers from the previous cabinet were [kept] ; the new ministers were largely technocrats .

Included within the 25-member body were six new members , whilst 15 Ministers retained their former portfolios .
included within the 25-member body were six new members , whilst 15 ministers [kept] their former portfolios .

On April 10 , 1989 , President Museveni named a 48-member Cabinet in which he retained the Defence portfolio and Samson Kisekka was reappointed Prime Minister .
on april 10 , 1989 , president museveni named a 48-member cabinet in which he [kept] the defence portfolio and samson kisekka was reappointed prime minister .

In simultaneous legislative elections the Democrats retained control over Congress , winning 262 seats in the House of Representatives and controlling 55 seats in the Senate .
in simultaneous legislative elections the democrats [kept] control over congress , winning 262 seats in the house of representatives and controlling 55 seats in the senate .

The politburo was also retained , rather than being replaced by a party presidium , although in keeping with the proposals for the latter body the politburo was now to include the leaders of the parties in the 15 republics .
the politburo was also [kept] , rather than being replaced by a party presidium , although in keeping with the proposals for the latter body the politburo was now to include the leaders of the parties in the 15 republics .

Even after his arrest opinion surveys suggested that Barry retained considerable support and that many of his constituents believed him to have been the victim of a vindictive campaign of persecution by the federal authorities .
even after his arrest opinion surveys suggested that barry [kept] considerable support and that many of his constituents believed him to have been the victim of a vindictive campaign of persecution by the federal authorities .

Under the compromise agreed by Labour and Likud on Jan. 2 , Weizmann resigned from the 12-member `` inner Cabinet `` but retained his Science and Technology portfolio .
under the compromise agreed by labour and likud on jan. 2 , weizmann resigned from the 12-member `` inner cabinet `` but [kept] his science and technology portfolio .

In July 1989 a new information code was adopted , which established a semi-official " national council for information and communication " to oversee the media , although the state in effect retained its overall control over the press and broadcasting .
in july 1989 a new information code was adopted , which established a semi-official " national council for information and communication " to oversee the media , although the state in effect [kept] its overall control over the press and broadcasting .

Opinion surveys suggested that , despite the drug charges , Barry retained an impressive personal following , particularly within the city 's 70 per cent black community .
opinion surveys suggested that , despite the drug charges , barry [kept] an impressive personal following , particularly within the city 's 70 per cent black community .

It was noted that most of the ministers from Chatichai 's own Chart Thai party retained their posts in the August reshuffle .
it was noted that most of the ministers from chatichai 's own chart thai party [kept] their posts in the august reshuffle .

In the Berne elections on April 29 , 1990 , the coalition parties retained their domination of the grand council .
in the berne elections on april 29 , 1990 , the coalition parties [kept] their domination of the grand council .

In a lower alcohol product , the alcohol content is reduced significantly from the standard level but some alcohol is retained to keep the product more authentic to its original taste .
in a lower alcohol product , the alcohol content is reduced significantly from the standard level but some alcohol is [kept] to keep the product more authentic to its original taste .

Nominally they retained their autonomous status , but their provincial assemblies effectively became mere rubber-stamp bodies , and the powers of their provincial governments and judiciary were drastically curtailed .
nominally they [kept] their autonomous status , but their provincial assemblies effectively became mere rubber-stamp bodies , and the powers of their provincial governments and judiciary were drastically curtailed .

May Day was retained as a national holiday .
may day was [kept] as a national holiday .

In Kazakhstan ( as in Byelorussia ) reserved seats for official organizations had been retained .
in kazakhstan ( as in byelorussia ) reserved seats for official organizations had been [kept] .

In order to re-affirm his declared commitment to a liberal and secular state , Ben Ali retained Mohamed Charfi as Minister for National Education , Higher Education and Scientific Research ; fundamentalist students had demanded his resignation .
in order to re-affirm his declared commitment to a liberal and secular state , ben ali [kept] mohamed charfi as minister for national education , higher education and scientific research ; fundamentalist students had demanded his resignation .

The package no longer contained a wage freeze but retained the freeze on prices , rents and dividends , and the sick pay proposals , and allowed for the appointment of a special mediator to intervene in industrial disputes .
the package no longer contained a wage freeze but [kept] the freeze on prices , rents and dividends , and the sick pay proposals , and allowed for the appointment of a special mediator to intervene in industrial disputes .

class control ; 2. interest shown by pupils ; 3. exam results ; 4. reinforces nurture within a particular religious tradition ; 5. encourages religious conversion ; 6. develops openness and tolerance towards other religions ; 7. level of information retained about religions ; 8. helps pupils to become kind and compassionate ; 9. promotes good citizenship ; 10. develops strong sense of social justice ; 11. lack of complaint about having to attend school worship ; 12. encourages willingness to question everything .
class control ; 2. interest shown by pupils ; 3. exam results ; 4. reinforces nurture within a particular religious tradition ; 5. encourages religious conversion ; 6. develops openness and tolerance towards other religions ; 7. level of information [kept] about religions ; 8. helps pupils to become kind and compassionate ; 9. promotes good citizenship ; 10. develops strong sense of social justice ; 11. lack of complaint about having to attend school worship ; 12. encourages willingness to question everything .

The monarch remained the chief executive in the state : he alone continued to determine all matters of policy ( foreign and domestic ) ; he had the right to choose his own ministers ; he retained the right to veto legislation ; and he was left with the power to determine the summoning , proroguing and dissolution of Parliament .
the monarch remained the chief executive in the state : he alone continued to determine all matters of policy ( foreign and domestic ) ; he had the right to choose his own ministers ; he [kept] the right to veto legislation ; and he was left with the power to determine the summoning , proroguing and dissolution of parliament .

But throughout our period the Tories retained an essentially authoritarian ideology .
but throughout our period the tories [kept] an essentially authoritarian ideology .

Meanwhile the British , despite these and other differences , retained their undoubted precedence among America 's European friends .
meanwhile the british , despite these and other differences , [kept] their undoubted precedence among america 's european friends .

While the Americans retained control of the warheads , the British in this instance enjoyed a definite power of veto over their use .
while the americans [kept] control of the warheads , the british in this instance enjoyed a definite power of veto over their use .

The independent British capability must be retained .
the independent british capability must be [kept] .

Her Black Sea fleet had by this time been destroyed , the allies had landed not only in the Crimea but also at Nikolaev to the west and Novorossiisk to the east , and the Turks retained a position at Sukhumi which gave them the chance of counter-attacking in the direction of Tiflis .
her black sea fleet had by this time been destroyed , the allies had landed not only in the crimea but also at nikolaev to the west and novorossiisk to the east , and the turks [kept] a position at sukhumi which gave them the chance of counter-attacking in the direction of tiflis .

Since those who caused the most difficulty were Ukrainians in the provinces of Kiev and Voronezh , and since Ukrainians retained relatively recent memories of the days of Cossack freedom , it is likely that many of the rural dwellers who proved hard to handle were motivated by the belief that they could bring their emancipation nearer .
since those who caused the most difficulty were ukrainians in the provinces of kiev and voronezh , and since ukrainians [kept] relatively recent memories of the days of cossack freedom , it is likely that many of the rural dwellers who proved hard to handle were motivated by the belief that they could bring their emancipation nearer .

The work of Miliutin and Reitern made plain that the Russian government retained its commitment to reform even in the immediate aftermath of the emancipation .
the work of miliutin and reitern made plain that the russian government [kept] its commitment to reform even in the immediate aftermath of the emancipation .

In those days the fieldworker retained his status as a privileged stranger and proceeded to make a catalogue of ancient manners and customs much as if he were a policeman investigating a crime .
in those days the fieldworker [kept] his status as a privileged stranger and proceeded to make a catalogue of ancient manners and customs much as if he were a policeman investigating a crime .

The identification of potential acquirors for retained vendors
the identification of potential acquirors for [kept] vendors

The proactive search for possible targets for retained purchasers
the proactive search for possible targets for [kept] purchasers

a copy of the advertisement must be retained for at least three years .
a copy of the advertisement must be [kept] for at least three years .

the anonymity of the vendor must be retained ; carefully consider whether the business description and references to locations area are a danger to the anonymity
the anonymity of the vendor must be [kept] ; carefully consider whether the business description and references to locations area are a danger to the anonymity

These are divestiture engagements in which the initiating member has been retained on an exclusive basis to assist in the sale of a business , and the business merits justify ( or the client specifically requests ) an international marketing program .
these are divestiture engagements in which the initiating member has been [kept] on an exclusive basis to assist in the sale of a business , and the business merits justify ( or the client specifically requests ) an international marketing program .

If you are retained to conduct purchaser research for your country , ensure that accurate and up-to-date details of prospective purchaser descriptions are provided .
if you are [kept] to conduct purchaser research for your country , ensure that accurate and up-to-date details of prospective purchaser descriptions are provided .

Ensure that , if you are retained to conduct contact with prospective purchasers in your country , the contact process is handled expeditiously and by a partner or senior professional .
ensure that , if you are [kept] to conduct contact with prospective purchasers in your country , the contact process is handled expeditiously and by a partner or senior professional .

These situations are represented by businesses which : ( i ) are offered for sale in credible circumstances and on realistic term ; ( ii ) in respect of which the initiating member has not been retained on an exclusive basis ; and ( iii ) which on their merits would warrant international marketing if the initiating member had been retained on an exclusive basis .
these situations are represented by businesses which : ( i ) are offered for sale in credible circumstances and on realistic term ; ( ii ) in respect of which the initiating member has not been [kept] on an exclusive basis ; and ( iii ) which on their merits would warrant international marketing if the initiating member had been [kept] on an exclusive basis .

the initiating member 's firm has been retained to provide non-M&A services ( such as transaction tax planning ) ; or
the initiating member 's firm has been [kept] to provide non-m&a services ( such as transaction tax planning ) ; or

management expertise ( management team to be retained or strengthened )
management expertise ( management team to be [kept] or strengthened )

Whether there are any problems regarding the remitting of overseas retained earnings ( eg political difficulties in the overseas country ) .
whether there are any problems regarding the remitting of overseas [kept] earnings ( eg political difficulties in the overseas country ) .

Market Opportunities where we have been retained by vendors and where a sales memorandum has been prepared .
market opportunities where we have been [kept] by vendors and where a sales memorandum has been prepared .

We have been retained to assist in the sale of a private group engaged in [ activity ] .
we have been [kept] to assist in the sale of a private group engaged in [ activity ] .

Name 's style and independence will be retained and it will continue to operate as an independent subsidiary ;
name 's style and independence will be [kept] and it will continue to operate as an independent subsidiary ;

As you are aware , we have been retained in connection with the sale of the shares of a Company ( ‘ the Company ’ ) in the business of [ ] .
as you are aware , we have been [kept] in connection with the sale of the shares of a company ( ‘ the company ’ ) in the business of [ ] .

Despite the fact that carp , tench and bream , in particular , have ’ grown ’ in recent times causing the old targets for which the average specimen-hunter realistically set his sights to become obsolete , the humble roach at least seems to have retained a quiet dignity making a 2-pounder still the weight most of us want to beat .
despite the fact that carp , tench and bream , in particular , have ’ grown ’ in recent times causing the old targets for which the average specimen-hunter realistically set his sights to become obsolete , the humble roach at least seems to have [kept] a quiet dignity making a 2-pounder still the weight most of us want to beat .

Nevertheless , an important group of family firms retained their independence , and others have entered the industry since that time .
nevertheless , an important group of family firms [kept] their independence , and others have entered the industry since that time .

This situation allows a comparative study of the performance of small firms within much larger vertically integrated companies with the small firms that have retained their autonomy .
this situation allows a comparative study of the performance of small firms within much larger vertically integrated companies with the small firms that have [kept] their autonomy .

But the council retained its 11–11 balance between unionists and nationalists .
but the council [kept] its 11–11 balance between unionists and nationalists .

Queen 's University student Cathy Gallagher retained her O'Loan Ladies Snooker Classic title when convincingly defeating Stoneyford 's Cathy Pegg in yesterday 's final .
queen 's university student cathy gallagher [kept] her o'loan ladies snooker classic title when convincingly defeating stoneyford 's cathy pegg in yesterday 's final .

It retained its pot-shape although the pot was gone .
it [kept] its pot-shape although the pot was gone .

Fr Buckley has retained the services of barrister Michael McDowell , senior counsel , as his lawyer .
fr buckley has [kept] the services of barrister michael mcdowell , senior counsel , as his lawyer .

144–6 , 150 ) , who retained the office until his death in 893/1488 ; and ( e ) that Molla Arab succeeded Molla Gurani in that year and remained Mufti until his death in 901/1495–6 .
144–6 , 150 ) , who [kept] the office until his death in 893/1488 ; and ( e ) that molla arab succeeded molla gurani in that year and remained mufti until his death in 901/1495–6 .

The purpose of the system is defeated if manual records have to be retained or if special letters are written which by-pass the system .
the purpose of the system is defeated if manual records have to be [kept] or if special letters are written which by-pass the system .

The batch screens retained all of the controls that would normally be associated with traditional batch entry , namely batch headers and batch control totals .
the batch screens [kept] all of the controls that would normally be associated with traditional batch entry , namely batch headers and batch control totals .

The ability of employees outside the Personnel Department to have sight of even the least confidential items of personnel documentation was , at the very minimum , to be retained at the same level as the manual system .
the ability of employees outside the personnel department to have sight of even the least confidential items of personnel documentation was , at the very minimum , to be [kept] at the same level as the manual system .

Her husband 's naval uniform hung neatly in his mock-mahogany wardrobe , retained with pride .
her husband 's naval uniform hung neatly in his mock-mahogany wardrobe , [kept] with pride .

As might be expected , there is frequent evidence for the reconstruction of such strip building properties , the same property boundaries sometimes being retained over considerable periods , while at others a considerable level of property amalgamation and reorganization was involved .
as might be expected , there is frequent evidence for the reconstruction of such strip building properties , the same property boundaries sometimes being [kept] over considerable periods , while at others a considerable level of property amalgamation and reorganization was involved .

The original north passage was retained , with a new spina , while its southern counterpart was blocked and probably used as a guard chamber .
the original north passage was [kept] , with a new spina , while its southern counterpart was blocked and probably used as a guard chamber .

If shareholders object to profits being retained rather than paid out as dividends they may sell their shares , thereby increasing the likelihood of a takeover by a predator .
if shareholders object to profits being [kept] rather than paid out as dividends they may sell their shares , thereby increasing the likelihood of a takeover by a predator .

The mutual structure of building societies means that capital resources to finance expansion can only be built up out of retained surpluses .
the mutual structure of building societies means that capital resources to finance expansion can only be built up out of [kept] surpluses .

The auctioneers retained possession of the car .
the auctioneers [kept] possession of the car .

Marovitz , theatre director and critic , had quit New York in 1958 , but had retained a writing relationship with the Voice , which led him , early in 1966 , to cover the new-born Indica for the paper .
marovitz , theatre director and critic , had quit new york in 1958 , but had [kept] a writing relationship with the voice , which led him , early in 1966 , to cover the new-born indica for the paper .

Oz , with its use of colour , could somehow , at the time , get away with an approach to sexuality which was condemned in retrospect — and occasionally then — but which somehow retained an innocence .
oz , with its use of colour , could somehow , at the time , get away with an approach to sexuality which was condemned in retrospect — and occasionally then — but which somehow [kept] an innocence .

He is not being retained next season only because of his cricket commitments at home in India — but Richardson is a formidable replacement .
he is not being [kept] next season only because of his cricket commitments at home in india — but richardson is a formidable replacement .

Finally Ms Cann proposed an unorthodox and possibly unique solution : publication rights as part of merchandising would be retained by the publishers jointly , to be pooled and then shared out in the most appropriate way .
finally ms cann proposed an unorthodox and possibly unique solution : publication rights as part of merchandising would be [kept] by the publishers jointly , to be pooled and then shared out in the most appropriate way .

Germany 's science council , the Wissenschftsrat , was called in to evaluate the work of the institutions and recommended that 6,700 staff be retained in newly created institutes ( in fact 7,200 are not employed ) .
germany 's science council , the wissenschftsrat , was called in to evaluate the work of the institutions and recommended that 6,700 staff be [kept] in newly created institutes ( in fact 7,200 are not employed ) .

TriQuint had been making the chips designed by Gazelle 's researchers , and its name was retained by the new company , which last year had a turnover of about $ 30 million and showed a small profit .
triquint had been making the chips designed by gazelle 's researchers , and its name was [kept] by the new company , which last year had a turnover of about $ 30 million and showed a small profit .

If the volume fraction form is retained , then for a simple liquid mixture , but for a polymer solution and the last term in equation ( 8.24 ) will be smaller than the equivalent term calculated for small molecules .
if the volume fraction form is [kept] , then for a simple liquid mixture , but for a polymer solution and the last term in equation ( 8.24 ) will be smaller than the equivalent term calculated for small molecules .

These are retained in position by two metal plates perforated and grooved to allow contact between the membrane and solvent which is in the outer container .
these are [kept] in position by two metal plates perforated and grooved to allow contact between the membrane and solvent which is in the outer container .

If the stress is applied for a short time , then removed , the sample snaps back to its original length suggesting that some ‘ memory ’ of its initial unstretched condition is retained .
if the stress is applied for a short time , then removed , the sample snaps back to its original length suggesting that some ‘ memory ’ of its initial unstretched condition is [kept] .

The remainder is retained as addition to capital .
the remainder is [kept] as addition to capital .

This is known as replacement cost accounting as opposed to historic cost accounting when the original cost is retained .
this is known as replacement cost accounting as opposed to historic cost accounting when the original cost is [kept] .

Profit retained is an addition to capital ; loss is always a loss of capital .
profit [kept] is an addition to capital ; loss is always a loss of capital .

Differences on the translation of the net assets of overseas operations are adjusted against retained profits .
differences on the translation of the net assets of overseas operations are adjusted against [kept] profits .

The Aborigines had suffered at the hands of the sealers — many of the women were kidnapped and put to work plucking birds for the feather trade — but they retained their custom of a spontaneous welcome for anyone who put into port on the island .
the aborigines had suffered at the hands of the sealers — many of the women were kidnapped and put to work plucking birds for the feather trade — but they [kept] their custom of a spontaneous welcome for anyone who put into port on the island .

Capital expenditure is underway to upgrade the mills being retained with £8 million scheduled to be spent in the 18 months to the end of 1993 .
capital expenditure is underway to upgrade the mills being [kept] with £8 million scheduled to be spent in the 18 months to the end of 1993 .

The peoples who survived in the northwest area gained greatly from the mixture of arts and race but retained their individuality also until the tide turned once more and the northwestern island increased its influence eventually over the whole of Spain .
the peoples who survived in the northwest area gained greatly from the mixture of arts and race but [kept] their individuality also until the tide turned once more and the northwestern island increased its influence eventually over the whole of spain .

The cruciform pattern on Latin cross plan was retained , with much lower vaults than on the Continent .
the cruciform pattern on latin cross plan was [kept] , with much lower vaults than on the continent .

The front quad of New College , Oxford illustrates clearly the usual quadrangle method of Medieval layout which was retained for so long by those universities .
the front quad of new college , oxford illustrates clearly the usual quadrangle method of medieval layout which was [kept] for so long by those universities .

Torun Town Hall has retained most of its Gothic character .
torun town hall has [kept] most of its gothic character .

After the Reformation these buildings fell into decay but , as in England , some of the churches were retained and enlarged as parish or cathedral churches .
after the reformation these buildings fell into decay but , as in england , some of the churches were [kept] and enlarged as parish or cathedral churches .

Indeed , it will require complete reorganisation of the file unless precautions are taken , because the records should be retained in sequential order to permit sequential access .
indeed , it will require complete reorganisation of the file unless precautions are taken , because the records should be [kept] in sequential order to permit sequential access .

The `` elite `` of skilled male mule spinners which was retained seems to have continued to display an artisan-like attitude .
the `` elite `` of skilled male mule spinners which was [kept] seems to have continued to display an artisan-like attitude .

Those who worked in rural manufacturing , retained only a marginal self-supporting ability and entered the market for most of their needs .
those who worked in rural manufacturing , [kept] only a marginal self-supporting ability and entered the market for most of their needs .

Indeed , as the path of economic development over the eighteenth century moved the composition of retained imports away from manufactured goods towards raw mat-erials , the possibility of increasing revenue without harming the productive side of the economy narrowed steadily .
indeed , as the path of economic development over the eighteenth century moved the composition of [kept] imports away from manufactured goods towards raw mat-erials , the possibility of increasing revenue without harming the productive side of the economy narrowed steadily .

It was one of the first cities conquered by the Arabs in Andalucía and it still retained a Moorish atmosphere .
it was one of the first cities conquered by the arabs in andalucía and it still [kept] a moorish atmosphere .

Sir John , it appeared , had retained a sufficiently fond memory of his cousin , and was , besides , so moved by her plight that he went himself and fetched her back to Switham .
sir john , it appeared , had [kept] a sufficiently fond memory of his cousin , and was , besides , so moved by her plight that he went himself and fetched her back to switham .

’ He let her go , but retained hold of her fingers as his face became serious .
’ he let her go , but [kept] hold of her fingers as his face became serious .

All that is required is that the information for five positions is retained at any one time .
all that is required is that the information for five positions is [kept] at any one time .

This structure is similar to the interface structure , information being retained for the five most recently recognised words .
this structure is similar to the interface structure , information being [kept] for the five most recently recognised words .

If those words are retained in the legislation , those railways would still require a light railway order at some time .
if those words are [kept] in the legislation , those railways would still require a light railway order at some time .

They have to be recruited and retained for the industry to flourish .
they have to be recruited and [kept] for the industry to flourish .

Under the community charge , they retained that discretion .
under the community charge , they [kept] that discretion .

The remainder was being retained by the Crown and would be used to form seven large , Crown-owned farms .
the remainder was being [kept] by the crown and would be used to form seven large , crown-owned farms .

But Doreen retained the sulkiness she 'd brought to the table , and when Jean placed fruit and cereal before her there was not the slightest sign of a polite thank-you .
but doreen [kept] the sulkiness she 'd brought to the table , and when jean placed fruit and cereal before her there was not the slightest sign of a polite thank-you .

Across the 97 local education authorities operating local management of schools , the average amount of the potential schools budget retained centrally is £260 per pupil .
across the 97 local education authorities operating local management of schools , the average amount of the potential schools budget [kept] centrally is £260 per pupil .

We not merely retained it but expanded it , and it has fully justified our confidence .
we not merely [kept] it but expanded it , and it has fully justified our confidence .

Only last month , my council applied for extra funding for another eight young people to be retained in the constituency rather than making the futile trek southwards .
only last month , my council applied for extra funding for another eight young people to be [kept] in the constituency rather than making the futile trek southwards .

Will the Minister respond positively by stating that he will grant both applications to allow that small number of people to be retained in my constituency ?
will the minister respond positively by stating that he will grant both applications to allow that small number of people to be [kept] in my constituency ?

The fact that the Government retained executive detention on the statute book by a free act last year is an indication that the Government believe it to be important that the instrument should be available .
the fact that the government [kept] executive detention on the statute book by a free act last year is an indication that the government believe it to be important that the instrument should be available .

The worst aspect of all , however , is the way in which poll tax penalties have been carried forward and retained in this council tax Bill .
the worst aspect of all , however , is the way in which poll tax penalties have been carried forward and [kept] in this council tax bill .

The whole scope of the present duty set out in the Education Act 1944 as amended is retained .
the whole scope of the present duty set out in the education act 1944 as amended is [kept] .

The truth is that they were n't built as embankments , but the drained marshes have shrunk , while the ballasted railway has retained its original dimensions .
the truth is that they were n't built as embankments , but the drained marshes have shrunk , while the ballasted railway has [kept] its original dimensions .

As a tribute to the old railway they have retained the platform edge , decorated it with flower urns , and it thus forms a feature of the site .
as a tribute to the old railway they have [kept] the platform edge , decorated it with flower urns , and it thus forms a feature of the site .

We can point to Milton being retained as an approved poet of high literary culture during the next century when other dissenting writing of Milton 's age circulated among groups increasingly only at the margins of political life .
we can point to milton being [kept] as an approved poet of high literary culture during the next century when other dissenting writing of milton 's age circulated among groups increasingly only at the margins of political life .

The main line was not built beyond Lydham Heath , neither was this proposed second junction , so that for the whole of its feeble existence the railway retained the wrong junction here and every train in each direction had to make a highly inconvenient reversal at this point .
the main line was not built beyond lydham heath , neither was this proposed second junction , so that for the whole of its feeble existence the railway [kept] the wrong junction here and every train in each direction had to make a highly inconvenient reversal at this point .

Assuming that the seller had retained title to the goods , the seller must refund the £1,000 unless the seller is unable to re-sell the goods elsewhere for at least £2,000 .
assuming that the seller had [kept] title to the goods , the seller must refund the £1,000 unless the seller is unable to re-sell the goods elsewhere for at least £2,000 .

Socialist proponents of the use of markets do not suggest that markets can simply be retained , so long as private ownership of the means of production is abolished .
socialist proponents of the use of markets do not suggest that markets can simply be [kept] , so long as private ownership of the means of production is abolished .

Work therefore needs to be done to ensure that administrative records are retained sensibly , since it would be impossible to preserve every piece of information for ever .
work therefore needs to be done to ensure that administrative records are [kept] sensibly , since it would be impossible to preserve every piece of information for ever .

In a water test , the drain is also stoppered and then filled with water to see whether this can be retained .
in a water test , the drain is also stoppered and then filled with water to see whether this can be [kept] .

He 'd been on the roads for days and they still retained their winter mire , despite the advent of finer spring weather .
he 'd been on the roads for days and they still [kept] their winter mire , despite the advent of finer spring weather .

Guy caught his breath all over again , so captivated by the sweet face upturned to him that he missed the strangely puzzled wonderment in her wide-eyed gaze , his own eyes tracing features drawn with exquisite delicacy , though her gently flushed cheeks still retained the rounded curves of youth .
guy caught his breath all over again , so captivated by the sweet face upturned to him that he missed the strangely puzzled wonderment in her wide-eyed gaze , his own eyes tracing features drawn with exquisite delicacy , though her gently flushed cheeks still [kept] the rounded curves of youth .

She was n't sure just how she felt , but she retained enough control to know that she could n't give in to shock in front of fitzAlan .
she was n't sure just how she felt , but she [kept] enough control to know that she could n't give in to shock in front of fitzalan .

He retained his hold on her wrist but made no move to pull her to her feet .
he [kept] his hold on her wrist but made no move to pull her to her feet .

Other people wrote with personal memories of the author , and these were divided up : some were handed over to Mr Kronweiser , as keeper of the Machin Archive ; some were retained by Viola ; and some went the way of the begging letters .
other people wrote with personal memories of the author , and these were divided up : some were handed over to mr kronweiser , as keeper of the machin archive ; some were [kept] by viola ; and some went the way of the begging letters .

This is true , but of no great significance since it is easy to modify the model developed above and make it immune from this particular criticism , while ensuring that all its important features are retained .
this is true , but of no great significance since it is easy to modify the model developed above and make it immune from this particular criticism , while ensuring that all its important features are [kept] .

He still retained the staff Cranston had bought him .
he still [kept] the staff cranston had bought him .

The material retained in each successive sieve is emptied in turn on to a sheet of glazed paper , the sieve tapped gently in a direction diagonal to the meshes and swept with appropriate sieve brushes ( camel hair for fine apertures , brass for coarse screens ) to dislodge particles which have become firmly held .
the material [kept] in each successive sieve is emptied in turn on to a sheet of glazed paper , the sieve tapped gently in a direction diagonal to the meshes and swept with appropriate sieve brushes ( camel hair for fine apertures , brass for coarse screens ) to dislodge particles which have become firmly held .

The material retained on each sieve screen is weighed in turn and the weight of any residue in the final pan is also determined .
the material [kept] on each sieve screen is weighed in turn and the weight of any residue in the final pan is also determined .

Thorough cleaning of the sieve meshes is important as retained particles severely restrict the aperture spaces available for grains to pass through .
thorough cleaning of the sieve meshes is important as [kept] particles severely restrict the aperture spaces available for grains to pass through .

In calculating the weight of sediment retained in each withdrawn aliquot , allowance must be made for the dispersant .
in calculating the weight of sediment [kept] in each withdrawn aliquot , allowance must be made for the dispersant .

The weight percentage of sediment retained on each sieve is plotted as a column rising to that value and extending from the relevant sieve mesh to the next coarser mesh used .
the weight percentage of sediment [kept] on each sieve is plotted as a column rising to that value and extending from the relevant sieve mesh to the next coarser mesh used .

The weight percentage retained on the coarsest sieve is plotted at the appropriate grain diameter , the sum of weight percentages retained in the two coarsest sieves is plotted at the next finer mesh , the cumulative contents of the first three sieves at the next finer mesh and so on until the entire sediment has been accounted for at 100 % .
the weight percentage [kept] on the coarsest sieve is plotted at the appropriate grain diameter , the sum of weight percentages [kept] in the two coarsest sieves is plotted at the next finer mesh , the cumulative contents of the first three sieves at the next finer mesh and so on until the entire sediment has been accounted for at 100 % .

But Harry hurried on , consoling himself with the thought that he still retained one secret advantage over those who thought they had the better of him .
but harry hurried on , consoling himself with the thought that he still [kept] one secret advantage over those who thought they had the better of him .

She was smiling brightly , but her eyes retained a solemnity that was strangely intimidating .
she was smiling brightly , but her eyes [kept] a solemnity that was strangely intimidating .

The balance of 2.8bn was retained within the sector , almost entirely by life assurance companies .
the balance of 2.8bn was [kept] within the sector , almost entirely by life assurance companies .

The Secretary of State for Education and Science retained responsibility for : further and higher education ; the Youth Service ; grants to community centres , village halls and adult education ; the supply , training and qualifications of teachers ; and teacher misconduct cases .
the secretary of state for education and science [kept] responsibility for : further and higher education ; the youth service ; grants to community centres , village halls and adult education ; the supply , training and qualifications of teachers ; and teacher misconduct cases .

Unlike England and Wales , however , Northern Ireland has retained a selective ( rather than a comprehensive ) system of secondary education , which gives particular significance to the proposed attainment tests at 11 .
unlike england and wales , however , northern ireland has [kept] a selective ( rather than a comprehensive ) system of secondary education , which gives particular significance to the proposed attainment tests at 11 .

The government was still the king 's government : the monarch retained great influence over the administration and to the end of the century expected to have a say , even a dominant say , in the making of policy .
the government was still the king 's government : the monarch [kept] great influence over the administration and to the end of the century expected to have a say , even a dominant say , in the making of policy .

The desire to shelter large sections of the population from military service also strengthened the willingness of most governments to employ foreign mercenaries , who retained throughout this period much of the importance they had possessed since the Renaissance .
the desire to shelter large sections of the population from military service also strengthened the willingness of most governments to employ foreign mercenaries , who [kept] throughout this period much of the importance they had possessed since the renaissance .

What we shall do is solve where only terms linear in are retained .
what we shall do is solve where only terms linear in are [kept] .

In fact , she had wondered if perhaps he deliberately avoided visiting the shop when he knew she was there , to make sure the flowers he sent her retained their air of surprise .
in fact , she had wondered if perhaps he deliberately avoided visiting the shop when he knew she was there , to make sure the flowers he sent her [kept] their air of surprise .

He was having a wonderful time , and had at least , she noticed , retained enough good sense to make sure that his losses at the table were minimal .
he was having a wonderful time , and had at least , she noticed , [kept] enough good sense to make sure that his losses at the table were minimal .

Perhaps partly because of the decay , the garden had retained the atmosphere of enclosure and secrecy — that feeling of shutting out the world beyond — essential to any walled pleasure garden .
perhaps partly because of the decay , the garden had [kept] the atmosphere of enclosure and secrecy — that feeling of shutting out the world beyond — essential to any walled pleasure garden .

The plaintiffs , having cashed and retained the proceeds of the draft , brought the present action against Lt. Temple for the balance .
the plaintiffs , having cashed and [kept] the proceeds of the draft , brought the present action against lt. temple for the balance .

At the micro level , described by Lind , a similar mixture of sometimes intentional , but more often automatic , focusing enables certain elements of the sensory mix to be selected and retained whilst others are excluded .
at the micro level , described by lind , a similar mixture of sometimes intentional , but more often automatic , focusing enables certain elements of the sensory mix to be selected and [kept] whilst others are excluded .

The courts were only retained for recreation by a concerted public campaign , which resulted in the District Council acquiring the land through a Compulsory Purchase Order .
the courts were only [kept] for recreation by a concerted public campaign , which resulted in the district council acquiring the land through a compulsory purchase order .

The king retained some freedom of manoeuvre : he could not choose his blood-relatives but when bestowing patronage , especially with more distant kin , he could choose between them .
the king [kept] some freedom of manoeuvre : he could not choose his blood-relatives but when bestowing patronage , especially with more distant kin , he could choose between them .

They would like to see the present role of parish councils retained and enhanced .
they would like to see the present role of parish councils [kept] and enhanced .

He argued ( 1989:14 ) that since institutions , largely regardless of the wishes of their members , have retained a bureaucratic organization , it is important to use the bureaucracy well , to maximise opportunities for institutions to achieve their objectives and for individuals to succeed in their careers .
he argued ( 1989:14 ) that since institutions , largely regardless of the wishes of their members , have [kept] a bureaucratic organization , it is important to use the bureaucracy well , to maximise opportunities for institutions to achieve their objectives and for individuals to succeed in their careers .

This was accompanied by a late acknowledgement that it was difficult or impossible to direct education into new pathways while teachers and their unions retained their power .
this was accompanied by a late acknowledgement that it was difficult or impossible to direct education into new pathways while teachers and their unions [kept] their power .

However , this was more than counterbalanced by the amount of matériel and troops shipped to the Nationalists by Germany , Italy and Portugal ; by the British and French prohibition on the sale of arms to the Republic ; and by the fact that many of the Soviet arms purchases never reached the Republic because they were destroyed in transit by enemy action or were retained in France .
however , this was more than counterbalanced by the amount of matériel and troops shipped to the nationalists by germany , italy and portugal ; by the british and french prohibition on the sale of arms to the republic ; and by the fact that many of the soviet arms purchases never reached the republic because they were destroyed in transit by enemy action or were [kept] in france .

Finally , the insurgents were in possession of the principal agricultural areas ( especially the vital cereal-producing lands of Extremadura and Castile ) , while the Republic retained the main industrial and political centres , plus the fertile horticultural areas of the south-east .
finally , the insurgents were in possession of the principal agricultural areas ( especially the vital cereal-producing lands of extremadura and castile ) , while the republic [kept] the main industrial and political centres , plus the fertile horticultural areas of the south-east .

With Queipo de Llano in direct command of the Army of the South , Franco retained supreme control over the Nationalist forces , but was not directly in charge of how operations were handled on the ground .
with queipo de llano in direct command of the army of the south , franco [kept] supreme control over the nationalist forces , but was not directly in charge of how operations were handled on the ground .

However they should no longer be used for summative assessment and need not be retained for inspection by the Subject Assessor .
however they should no longer be used for summative assessment and need not be [kept] for inspection by the subject assessor .

When case studies and assignments are being used for summative assessment they should be retained for inspection by the Subject Assessor .
when case studies and assignments are being used for summative assessment they should be [kept] for inspection by the subject assessor .

In such cases , if what is being transferred is a part only of the business , the employee may well prefer to assert a claim to continue employment with the transferor in the retained parts of the business this was the stance of the employees in Katsikas .
in such cases , if what is being transferred is a part only of the business , the employee may well prefer to assert a claim to continue employment with the transferor in the [kept] parts of the business this was the stance of the employees in katsikas .

He suggested that government controls on the economy be retained after the war to prevent the boom-slump pattern of the years after 1918 occurring again .
he suggested that government controls on the economy be [kept] after the war to prevent the boom-slump pattern of the years after 1918 occurring again .

The realism of Labour 's attitude towards foreign policy was reinforced by Bevin 's insistence , both at meetings of the National Executive ( to which he was specially invited ) and at the 1945 Labour Party Conference at Blackpool that it was essential to continue with military service while Britain retained the responsibility for maintaining occupation forces in Germany and elsewhere . Bevin said :
the realism of labour 's attitude towards foreign policy was reinforced by bevin 's insistence , both at meetings of the national executive ( to which he was specially invited ) and at the 1945 labour party conference at blackpool that it was essential to continue with military service while britain [kept] the responsibility for maintaining occupation forces in germany and elsewhere . bevin said :

We also sold the flooring business of Gerland in France , but have retained an interest in that company 's road paving business , which provides an outlet for bitumen sales .
we also sold the flooring business of gerland in france , but have [kept] an interest in that company 's road paving business , which provides an outlet for bitumen sales .

The results of an enquiry can be printed out and retained for reference if required .
the results of an enquiry can be printed out and [kept] for reference if required .

The Board 's intention is that the cash retained as a result of the scrip dividend and related tax saving will be used to fund future capital investment and possible small acquisitions .
the board 's intention is that the cash [kept] as a result of the scrip dividend and related tax saving will be used to fund future capital investment and possible small acquisitions .

He retained an affection for Paris and a gratitude for the intellectual advantages that it had given him to which he later referred as pope .
he [kept] an affection for paris and a gratitude for the intellectual advantages that it had given him to which he later referred as pope .

Regrettably , some could not do so , the commonest reason being that ‘ Such records are not retained ’ ; or ‘ Our records are in a bit of a mess at the moment ’ .
regrettably , some could not do so , the commonest reason being that ‘ such records are not [kept] ’ ; or ‘ our records are in a bit of a mess at the moment ’ .

In addition , declaration forms were missing in some cases in the departmental libraries , or older forms had been torn off and replaced by new forms when full rather than being retained , thus losing the evidential value of the forms .
in addition , declaration forms were missing in some cases in the departmental libraries , or older forms had been torn off and replaced by new forms when full rather than being [kept] , thus losing the evidential value of the forms .

To the extent that social research more generally has retained an interest in social reform this has been redirected in various ways .
to the extent that social research more generally has [kept] an interest in social reform this has been redirected in various ways .

The previous incumbents , Ion Kostash and Anatol Plugaru , among the fiercest advocates for continuing the anti-separatist conflict , had retained their posts after the government 's resignation in June [ see p. 38976 ] .
the previous incumbents , ion kostash and anatol plugaru , among the fiercest advocates for continuing the anti-separatist conflict , had [kept] their posts after the government 's resignation in june [ see p. 38976 ] .

Despite falling economic indicators across the board , there were grounds for " restrained optimism " , because a " wholesale slump " had been avoided and the rouble retained as " a fairly reliable means of payment " .
despite falling economic indicators across the board , there were grounds for " restrained optimism " , because a " wholesale slump " had been avoided and the rouble [kept] as " a fairly reliable means of payment " .

Only eight out of 26 ministers retained their posts in a new Cabinet announced on July 19 ; key ministries remaining in the same hands included Defence under Maj.-Gen. Khaled Nezzar and the Foreign Ministry under Lakhdar Brahimi .
only eight out of 26 ministers [kept] their posts in a new cabinet announced on july 19 ; key ministries remaining in the same hands included defence under maj.-gen. khaled nezzar and the foreign ministry under lakhdar brahimi .

Martial law , in force since the Feb. 23 military coup [ see p. 38003-04 ] , was lifted in most areas of the country on May 3 , although the interim government retained it in 21 sensitive border provinces and districts .
martial law , in force since the feb. 23 military coup [ see p. 38003-04 ] , was lifted in most areas of the country on may 3 , although the interim government [kept] it in 21 sensitive border provinces and districts .

The conservative Liberal-National Party coalition government of Nick Greiner narrowly retained power in state elections in New South Wales held on May 25 .
the conservative liberal-national party coalition government of nick greiner narrowly [kept] power in state elections in new south wales held on may 25 .

In a move meeting with approval from the financial markets Pierre Bérégovoy retained responsibility for the economy , finance and budget ; reflecting Cresson 's commitment to industrial regeneration , his responsibilities were expanded [ see attachments of Ministers-Delegate ] .
in a move meeting with approval from the financial markets pierre bérégovoy [kept] responsibility for the economy , finance and budget ; reflecting cresson 's commitment to industrial regeneration , his responsibilities were expanded [ see attachments of ministers-delegate ] .

On April 4 in Neath Labour retained the seat with a reduced majority of 9,830 ( as compared with 20,578 in the 1987 general election — see p. 35283 ) .
on april 4 in neath labour [kept] the seat with a reduced majority of 9,830 ( as compared with 20,578 in the 1987 general election — see p. 35283 ) .

In simultaneous legislative elections the Democrats retained control over Congress [ see pp .
in simultaneous legislative elections the democrats [kept] control over congress [ see pp .

Pravda , formerly the newspaper of the Soviet Communist Party , announced its intention to increase publication from three to five times weekly from Sept. 1 , having been saved from bankruptcy by establishing a joint venture with a Greek businessman who retained a controlling share .
pravda , formerly the newspaper of the soviet communist party , announced its intention to increase publication from three to five times weekly from sept. 1 , having been saved from bankruptcy by establishing a joint venture with a greek businessman who [kept] a controlling share .

Pavlov had warned on Aug. 13 of a potential power vacuum , unless the centre retained sufficient economic leverage .
pavlov had warned on aug. 13 of a potential power vacuum , unless the centre [kept] sufficient economic leverage .

Until the election of a Prime Minister and the creation of a transitional government , the existing government , under the control of the conference , retained responsibility for day-to-day activities .
until the election of a prime minister and the creation of a transitional government , the existing government , under the control of the conference , [kept] responsibility for day-to-day activities .

Men Sam An retained her position as seventh ranking politburo member .
men sam an [kept] her position as seventh ranking politburo member .

Class 5 leader Gen. Suchinda Kraprayoon retained his post as Army C.-in-C. and was promoted to take on the additional post of Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces , in place of Gen. Sunthorn Kongsompong .
class 5 leader gen. suchinda kraprayoon [kept] his post as army c.-in-c. and was promoted to take on the additional post of supreme commander of the armed forces , in place of gen. sunthorn kongsompong .

After more 10,000 allied air sorties , however , he was able to confirm that only 41 enemy aircraft had been destroyed and that Saddam Hussein and his generals retained effective command and control over their forces .
after more 10,000 allied air sorties , however , he was able to confirm that only 41 enemy aircraft had been destroyed and that saddam hussein and his generals [kept] effective command and control over their forces .

President Suharto 's ruling Golkar ( Sekretariat Bersama Golongan Karya ) alliance retained power with a slightly reduced majority in elections to 400 seats in the Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat ( House of Representatives ) held on June 9 .
president suharto 's ruling golkar ( sekretariat bersama golongan karya ) alliance [kept] power with a slightly reduced majority in elections to 400 seats in the dewan perwakilan rakyat ( house of representatives ) held on june 9 .

The Giridih ( Bihar ) Lok Sabha seat was retained by the Jharkand Mukti Morcha .
the giridih ( bihar ) lok sabha seat was [kept] by the jharkand mukti morcha .

Polls showed , however , that Gates retained significant levels of support within Los Angeles , particularly within the white community .
polls showed , however , that gates [kept] significant levels of support within los angeles , particularly within the white community .

Although the overall representation of the Sabah family was reduced from seven to five , its members retained control of the important Defence , Foreign Affairs and Interior portfolios .
although the overall representation of the sabah family was reduced from seven to five , its members [kept] control of the important defence , foreign affairs and interior portfolios .

It retained compulsory military service for whites only , and retained inequalities whereby whites received higher pensions than other races , blacks receiving least of all .
it [kept] compulsory military service for whites only , and [kept] inequalities whereby whites received higher pensions than other races , blacks receiving least of all .

The new 132-page Luxembourg draft retained references to a " federal goal " , to an eventual common defence policy , to a Commission reduced in size from 17 to 12 , to European citizenship as proposed by the Spanish government , and to the European Parliament having a right of " co-decision " with the Council of Ministers [ see p. 38154 ] .
the new 132-page luxembourg draft [kept] references to a " federal goal " , to an eventual common defence policy , to a commission reduced in size from 17 to 12 , to european citizenship as proposed by the spanish government , and to the european parliament having a right of " co-decision " with the council of ministers [ see p. 38154 ] .

The Nationals won 49 per cent of the vote and took 68 of the 97 seats in the unicameral parliament , an increase of 28 ; Labour polled 35 per cent and won 28 seats , a net loss of 28 ; and the left-wing New Labour Party retained its single seat .
the nationals won 49 per cent of the vote and took 68 of the 97 seats in the unicameral parliament , an increase of 28 ; labour polled 35 per cent and won 28 seats , a net loss of 28 ; and the left-wing new labour party [kept] its single seat .

Although the outgoing Prime Minister and newly-elected Labour leader , Mike Moore , retained his seat , eight members of his Cabinet were defeated , as was the parliamentary Speaker , his deputy , and two government whips .
although the outgoing prime minister and newly-elected labour leader , mike moore , [kept] his seat , eight members of his cabinet were defeated , as was the parliamentary speaker , his deputy , and two government whips .

Retained from the Shatalin plan was the idea of a four-stage transition [ see p. 37722 ] , although Shatalin 's 500-day time frame was replaced with a vague prediction that implementation should take between 18 months and two years .
[kept] from the shatalin plan was the idea of a four-stage transition [ see p. 37722 ] , although shatalin 's 500-day time frame was replaced with a vague prediction that implementation should take between 18 months and two years .

Maynard Joseph , appointed Minister without Portfolio in June , was in August appointed Minister of Agriculture , replacing Charles Maynard who retained the portfolios of Trade , Industry and Tourism .
maynard joseph , appointed minister without portfolio in june , was in august appointed minister of agriculture , replacing charles maynard who [kept] the portfolios of trade , industry and tourism .

Both posts had been previously been held by the Prime Minister , Girja Prasad Koirala , who retained the Defence , Foreign Affairs and Royal Palace Affairs portfolios .
both posts had been previously been held by the prime minister , girja prasad koirala , who [kept] the defence , foreign affairs and royal palace affairs portfolios .

Death sentences had been judicially imposed or carried out in 1990 in 90 countries ; the death penalty was retained by every country in the Middle East , with Iran showing the region 's highest number of death sentences ( estimated at more than 700 ) , while in China the report recorded 750 executions , the highest number since 1983 .
death sentences had been judicially imposed or carried out in 1990 in 90 countries ; the death penalty was [kept] by every country in the middle east , with iran showing the region 's highest number of death sentences ( estimated at more than 700 ) , while in china the report recorded 750 executions , the highest number since 1983 .

* Retained post held in Chatichai Cabinet .
* [kept] post held in chatichai cabinet .

Siumut lost votes but retained the 11 seats it held in the outgoing Landsting .
siumut lost votes but [kept] the 11 seats it held in the outgoing landsting .

Three key posts were now occupied by men identified as followers of Solchaga : José Borrell Fontelles , a new appointee , headed a new Ministry of Public Works and Transport ( also called the `` infrastructure `` ministry ) ; Pedro Solbes Mira , also new to the government , became Agriculture minister ; José Claudio Aranzadi Martínez retained the Industry portfolio and in addition took over the Commerce and Tourism portfolios .
three key posts were now occupied by men identified as followers of solchaga : josé borrell fontelles , a new appointee , headed a new ministry of public works and transport ( also called the `` infrastructure `` ministry ) ; pedro solbes mira , also new to the government , became agriculture minister ; josé claudio aranzadi martínez [kept] the industry portfolio and in addition took over the commerce and tourism portfolios .

Both Thomas and Hill retained their credibility as witnesses , and both received effective support from character and corroborating witnesses .
both thomas and hill [kept] their credibility as witnesses , and both received effective support from character and corroborating witnesses .

While Namibia claimed sovereignty , South Africa had retained control when Namibia gained independence in March 1990 .
while namibia claimed sovereignty , south africa had [kept] control when namibia gained independence in march 1990 .

Havel appointed Deputy Prime Ministers on Oct. 3 — Vaclav Klaus ( chair of the Civic Democratic Party ) , who also retained the Finance portfolio , and Pavel Hoffmann , whose former portfolio of Strategic Planning was abolished .
havel appointed deputy prime ministers on oct. 3 — vaclav klaus ( chair of the civic democratic party ) , who also [kept] the finance portfolio , and pavel hoffmann , whose former portfolio of strategic planning was abolished .

The ruling National Party narrowly retained the Auckland seat of Tamaki at a by-election on Feb. 15 .
the ruling national party narrowly [kept] the auckland seat of tamaki at a by-election on feb. 15 .

Derek Keys was appointed the new Minister of Finance , but retained the Trade and Industry portfolio , and continued to have the specific responsibility for economic co-ordination .
derek keys was appointed the new minister of finance , but [kept] the trade and industry portfolio , and continued to have the specific responsibility for economic co-ordination .

Nikolay Vasilev retained his posts as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education and Science ; he would take charge of co-ordinating activities in the intellectual and humanitarian spheres .
nikolay vasilev [kept] his posts as deputy prime minister and minister of education and science ; he would take charge of co-ordinating activities in the intellectual and humanitarian spheres .

The death penalty was retained for two crimes : terrorism and murder in particularly aggravated circumstances .
the death penalty was [kept] for two crimes : terrorism and murder in particularly aggravated circumstances .

Deputies voted that the name Union of Soviet Socialist Republics should be retained .
deputies voted that the name union of soviet socialist republics should be [kept] .

Even so , as in the first round , he retained considerable support in the rural areas and among social groups most threatened by the economic changes ( such as farmers and miners ) and disaffected young people .
even so , as in the first round , he [kept] considerable support in the rural areas and among social groups most threatened by the economic changes ( such as farmers and miners ) and disaffected young people .

Responsibility for Housing and Works was taken on by Adriaan Vlok , who retained his position as Minister of Correctional Services but relinquished the Ministry for the Budget to Org Marais .
responsibility for housing and works was taken on by adriaan vlok , who [kept] his position as minister of correctional services but relinquished the ministry for the budget to org marais .

Piet Marais was appointed Minister of Manpower and retained the Ministry of Education and Culture .
piet marais was appointed minister of manpower and [kept] the ministry of education and culture .

However , the National Electoral Commission retained wide powers to ban potential candidates .
however , the national electoral commission [kept] wide powers to ban potential candidates .

Malmierca gave no details , but analysts interpreted the news as further evidence that President Fidel Castro Ruz retained significant influence among the inner circle of advisers to Russian President Yeltsin .
malmierca gave no details , but analysts interpreted the news as further evidence that president fidel castro ruz [kept] significant influence among the inner circle of advisers to russian president yeltsin .

Subsequent reports claimed that Li 's offer had effectively endorsed the status quo under which China retained control over the Aksai-Chin region in northern Kashmir , with India preserving sovereignty over the disputed state of Arunachal Pradesh .
subsequent reports claimed that li 's offer had effectively endorsed the status quo under which china [kept] control over the aksai-chin region in northern kashmir , with india preserving sovereignty over the disputed state of arunachal pradesh .

The government retained a minority share in the Sicartsa rolled steel mills which sold for $ 170,000,000 to the Villacero Group , while Grupo Acerero del Norte bought Altos Hornos de Mexico for $ 350,000,000 and took over $ 350,000,000 of its debt .
the government [kept] a minority share in the sicartsa rolled steel mills which sold for $ 170,000,000 to the villacero group , while grupo acerero del norte bought altos hornos de mexico for $ 350,000,000 and took over $ 350,000,000 of its debt .

In 1965 Ferdinand Marcos became President and retained power thereafter through the increasing use of political corruption and coercion .
in 1965 ferdinand marcos became president and [kept] power thereafter through the increasing use of political corruption and coercion .

The Democrats achieved their best ever showing in the general election — polling 11 per cent of the vote — and retained the balance of power in the federal Senate .
the democrats achieved their best ever showing in the general election — polling 11 per cent of the vote — and [kept] the balance of power in the federal senate .

Although Hawke retained much of his former Cabinet following the general election , one notable absence was that of former Finance Minister Peter Walsh who retired from government because he felt that the Hawke administration lacked sufficient political will to tackle the country 's pressing financial problems [ see p. 37378 ] .
although hawke [kept] much of his former cabinet following the general election , one notable absence was that of former finance minister peter walsh who retired from government because he felt that the hawke administration lacked sufficient political will to tackle the country 's pressing financial problems [ see p. 37378 ] .

Federal Treasurer Paul Keating retained his post and added to it the title of Deputy Prime Minister , thereby increasing speculation that he would succeed Hawke as Prime Minister [ see above ] .
federal treasurer paul keating [kept] his post and added to it the title of deputy prime minister , thereby increasing speculation that he would succeed hawke as prime minister [ see above ] .

Five ministers retained their posts , including Deputy Prime Ministers Becir Zuta and Jovan Andonov , Interior Minister Ljubomir Frckoski , and Foreign Minister Denko Malevski , who had offered his resignation in June over the issue of international recognition of Macedonia .
five ministers [kept] their posts , including deputy prime ministers becir zuta and jovan andonov , interior minister ljubomir frckoski , and foreign minister denko malevski , who had offered his resignation in june over the issue of international recognition of macedonia .

Following the August legislative and presidential elections [ see p. 39064 ] , the new Croatian government was sworn in on Sept. 8 ; seven ministers and one deputy prime minister retained the posts they had held in the previous government .
following the august legislative and presidential elections [ see p. 39064 ] , the new croatian government was sworn in on sept. 8 ; seven ministers and one deputy prime minister [kept] the posts they had held in the previous government .

He was placed under military arrest in early September and was retained in army custody , despite a civilian judge 's order for his immediate release .
he was placed under military arrest in early september and was [kept] in army custody , despite a civilian judge 's order for his immediate release .

Haughey on Nov. 13 appointed John Wilson , currently Minister for the Marine , additionally as Deputy Prime Minister , while Haughey himself temporarily retained the Defence portfolio .
haughey on nov. 13 appointed john wilson , currently minister for the marine , additionally as deputy prime minister , while haughey himself temporarily [kept] the defence portfolio .

Additionally , the Congress retained its newly won right to confirm the appointments of key ministers , and Yeltsin was forced to dismiss his close aide , Gennady Burbulis .
additionally , the congress [kept] its newly won right to confirm the appointments of key ministers , and yeltsin was forced to dismiss his close aide , gennady burbulis .

On March 9 Masire named Festus Mogae as Vice-President and Minister of Local Government and Lands ; Mogae retained the Finance and Development Planning portfolio .
on march 9 masire named festus mogae as vice-president and minister of local government and lands ; mogae [kept] the finance and development planning portfolio .

Phone Myint , who retained charge of Home Affairs and Culture .
phone myint , who [kept] charge of home affairs and culture .

During the rebel attack , Russian troops in Dushanbe officially remained neutral , but retained control of the airport and main railway stations .
during the rebel attack , russian troops in dushanbe officially remained neutral , but [kept] control of the airport and main railway stations .

Members of the as-Sabah family retained the Foreign Affairs , Interior , Defence and Information portfolios .
members of the as-sabah family [kept] the foreign affairs , interior , defence and information portfolios .

The Republicans won 175 and the single independent member — a socialist who was Vermont 's sole representative in the House — retained his seat .
the republicans won 175 and the single independent member — a socialist who was vermont 's sole representative in the house — [kept] his seat .

García went underground and issued calls for national resistance , but this found little echo on the streets , and subsequent opinion polls suggested that Fujimori retained the overwhelming confidence of the public .
garcía went underground and issued calls for national resistance , but this found little echo on the streets , and subsequent opinion polls suggested that fujimori [kept] the overwhelming confidence of the public .

Among those whom Collor retained were the three ministers with responsibility for military portfolios and the Economy Minister Marcílio Marques Moreira , who was identified with the IMF-approved economic austerity programme .
among those whom collor [kept] were the three ministers with responsibility for military portfolios and the economy minister marcílio marques moreira , who was identified with the imf-approved economic austerity programme .

In the resulting 22-member Cabinet only seven members , including Major , retained unchanged responsibilities .
in the resulting 22-member cabinet only seven members , including major , [kept] unchanged responsibilities .

In an apparent attempt to placate the anti-reform groups in the Congress of People 's Deputies before it opened , Yegor Gaidar , responsible for the main thrust of the economic reforms , was dismissed by Yeltsin as Finance Minister on April 2 but retained the post of Deputy Premier .
in an apparent attempt to placate the anti-reform groups in the congress of people 's deputies before it opened , yegor gaidar , responsible for the main thrust of the economic reforms , was dismissed by yeltsin as finance minister on april 2 but [kept] the post of deputy premier .

He retained the post of State Secretary and in charge of co-ordinating policy .
he [kept] the post of state secretary and in charge of co-ordinating policy .

Buyoya retained the Defence portfolio .
buyoya [kept] the defence portfolio .

On May 15 Chissano appointed two Deputy Defence Ministers , Lt.-Gen. António Hama Thai ( who retained his post as Chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces ) , and Maj.-Gen. Eduardo da Silva Nihia ( who was National Political Commissioner of the Armed Forces ) .
on may 15 chissano appointed two deputy defence ministers , lt.-gen. antónio hama thai ( who [kept] his post as chief of general staff of the armed forces ) , and maj.-gen. eduardo da silva nihia ( who was national political commissioner of the armed forces ) .

In some ways this was a symbolic move , since it raised little revenue : existing exempt groups ( children , pensioners , the chronically ill and those on Income Support ) retained their right to free prescriptions .
in some ways this was a symbolic move , since it raised little revenue : existing exempt groups ( children , pensioners , the chronically ill and those on income support ) [kept] their right to free prescriptions .

Specific tasks have to be designed which allow evidence of attainment to be gathered and retained .
specific tasks have to be designed which allow evidence of attainment to be gathered and [kept] .

Therefore it would be more effective to select a cross section of the tasks set within a programme of study from which evidence will be retained .
therefore it would be more effective to select a cross section of the tasks set within a programme of study from which evidence will be [kept] .

It is well settled that such a grant or demise will … impliedly confer on the grantee or lessee … easements over the land retained corresponding to the continuous or apparent quasi-easements enjoyed at the time of the grant or demise by the property granted or demised over the property retained … But the implications usually explained by the maxim … do not stop short with easements … Thus , if the grant or demise be made for a particular purpose , the grantor or lessor comes under an obligation not to use the land retained by him in such a way as to render the land granted or demised unfit or materially less fit for the particular purpose for which the grant or demise was made …
it is well settled that such a grant or demise will … impliedly confer on the grantee or lessee … easements over the land [kept] corresponding to the continuous or apparent quasi-easements enjoyed at the time of the grant or demise by the property granted or demised over the property [kept] … but the implications usually explained by the maxim … do not stop short with easements … thus , if the grant or demise be made for a particular purpose , the grantor or lessor comes under an obligation not to use the land [kept] by him in such a way as to render the land granted or demised unfit or materially less fit for the particular purpose for which the grant or demise was made …

It is quite reasonable for a purchaser to assume that a vendor who sells land for a particular purpose will not do anything to prevent its being used for that purpose , but it would be utterly unreasonable to assume that the vendor was undertaking restrictive obligations which would prevent his using land retained by him for any lawful purpose whatsoever … Under these circumstances the question is whether the existence of this staircase renders the plaintiff 's premises unfit or materially less fit to be used for the purposes for which they were demised , that is , for the purpose of a residential flat .
it is quite reasonable for a purchaser to assume that a vendor who sells land for a particular purpose will not do anything to prevent its being used for that purpose , but it would be utterly unreasonable to assume that the vendor was undertaking restrictive obligations which would prevent his using land [kept] by him for any lawful purpose whatsoever … under these circumstances the question is whether the existence of this staircase renders the plaintiff 's premises unfit or materially less fit to be used for the purposes for which they were demised , that is , for the purpose of a residential flat .

Some words which had a fixed meaning under the old law were retained , e.g. ``
some words which had a fixed meaning under the old law were [kept] , e.g. ``

Compare Morris , where at the moment of the price labels being swapped the shopkeeper retained ownership , the entire proprietary interest .
compare morris , where at the moment of the price labels being swapped the shopkeeper [kept] ownership , the entire proprietary interest .

When the accused appropriates , he will have stolen the property from the person who retained the interest in the property .
when the accused appropriates , he will have stolen the property from the person who [kept] the interest in the property .

Suicide pact killings are retained ( cl .
suicide pact killings are [kept] ( cl .

Steaks and chops retained their natural juices without drying out , and this was assessed as being because of the much shorter cooking time .
steaks and chops [kept] their natural juices without drying out , and this was assessed as being because of the much shorter cooking time .

Now you have a superb pork roast with crunchy crackling and a cold joint which will not crumble when carved ( the normal problem with pork on a buffet ) , as the moisture has been retained in the meat .
now you have a superb pork roast with crunchy crackling and a cold joint which will not crumble when carved ( the normal problem with pork on a buffet ) , as the moisture has been [kept] in the meat .

The landlord remains as occupier for the parts of the building he has retained .
the landlord remains as occupier for the parts of the building he has [kept] .

If a football is kicked through a window then the football can be retained until the window is paid for .
if a football is kicked through a window then the football can be [kept] until the window is paid for .

He had played a successful hand under Æthelred , and maintained his position in the fighting of 1015 – 16 , but Cnut , perhaps with the encouragement of his consort Ælfgifu of Northampton , who retained some sort of recognised position even after his marriage to Emma of Normandy , and whose father Eadric had overthrown , clearly decided that he was too powerful and dangerous to be tolerated further .
he had played a successful hand under æthelred , and maintained his position in the fighting of 1015 – 16 , but cnut , perhaps with the encouragement of his consort ælfgifu of northampton , who [kept] some sort of recognised position even after his marriage to emma of normandy , and whose father eadric had overthrown , clearly decided that he was too powerful and dangerous to be tolerated further .

Cnut subsequently retained forty ships in his service , and proceeded west for the meeting at Oxford where the Chronicle says Danes and English came to an understanding .
cnut subsequently [kept] forty ships in his service , and proceeded west for the meeting at oxford where the chronicle says danes and english came to an understanding .

The lands to the north and east of a line joining these two houses had in the ninth century been conquered and to some degree settled by pagan Scandinavians , who had destroyed the existing monasteries and several of the bishoprics , and such evidence as there is suggests that the Christianity practised within them retained aspects upon which the stricter kind of churchman would have frowned .
the lands to the north and east of a line joining these two houses had in the ninth century been conquered and to some degree settled by pagan scandinavians , who had destroyed the existing monasteries and several of the bishoprics , and such evidence as there is suggests that the christianity practised within them [kept] aspects upon which the stricter kind of churchman would have frowned .

Although , as will shortly be evident , he became extravagantly pious , he retained some of the values and attitudes of a pagan past .
although , as will shortly be evident , he became extravagantly pious , he [kept] some of the values and attitudes of a pagan past .

However , he always retained control over the issues that he regarded as most important ( which is not to say that they were necessarily the most important in an objective sense ) .
however , he always [kept] control over the issues that he regarded as most important ( which is not to say that they were necessarily the most important in an objective sense ) .

The alleged advantage of incorporation is that tax on profits retained within the business can be paid at Corporation Tax rates , 25% in the case of the Small Companies Rate or 33% main rate , rather than Income Tax at the individual 's marginal rate , currently 25% or 40% .
the alleged advantage of incorporation is that tax on profits [kept] within the business can be paid at corporation tax rates , 25% in the case of the small companies rate or 33% main rate , rather than income tax at the individual 's marginal rate , currently 25% or 40% .

Retained Profits 31,500
[kept] profits 31,500

The price which has been paid for the lower rate of tax on income has been the additional National Insurance charge and also the locking up of the profits in excess of the salary of £43,500 as retained profit in the company .
the price which has been paid for the lower rate of tax on income has been the additional national insurance charge and also the locking up of the profits in excess of the salary of £43,500 as [kept] profit in the company .

The retained profit can be unlocked by declaration of a dividend .
the [kept] profit can be unlocked by declaration of a dividend .

Dorothy George , after describing the `` roastbeef `` of old England , retained her rose-coloured spectacles as she went on to an extraordinarily generous view of the Poor Law .
dorothy george , after describing the `` roastbeef `` of old england , [kept] her rose-coloured spectacles as she went on to an extraordinarily generous view of the poor law .

Zenith employs an ex-programmer of Acme who is familiar with the program ; this person writes a program for Zenith using copies of listings and flowcharts that he retained .
zenith employs an ex-programmer of acme who is familiar with the program ; this person writes a program for zenith using copies of listings and flowcharts that he [kept] .

As 6. above but the ex-programmer of Acme has not retained any materials from his previous employment ; he simply uses what he can remember — possible infringement of copyright .
as 6. above but the ex-programmer of acme has not [kept] any materials from his previous employment ; he simply uses what he can remember — possible infringement of copyright .

In its use as an auxiliary , do has retained from the idea of `` performing an activity `` signified in its use as a lexical verb only the notion of `` something actually taking its place in time `` : do auxiliary thus has the effect of discussing the real actualization in time of the lexical event denoted by the infinitive .
in its use as an auxiliary , do has [kept] from the idea of `` performing an activity `` signified in its use as a lexical verb only the notion of `` something actually taking its place in time `` : do auxiliary thus has the effect of discussing the real actualization in time of the lexical event denoted by the infinitive .

This was abandoned as papist in the 1600s , says food historian , Ann Wilson , but was retained on Good Friday when the cross was at its greatest significance .
this was abandoned as papist in the 1600s , says food historian , ann wilson , but was [kept] on good friday when the cross was at its greatest significance .

And Goethe — although he retained his admiration for the Greeks , and not least for the three tragedians , right up to his death in 1832 — mostly looked in other directions for his inspiration after the unfinished drama Pandora of 1810 .
and goethe — although he [kept] his admiration for the greeks , and not least for the three tragedians , right up to his death in 1832 — mostly looked in other directions for his inspiration after the unfinished drama pandora of 1810 .

This is the practice stage of the lesson where some control is still retained by the teacher , but where the students are beginning to form their own sentences .
this is the practice stage of the lesson where some control is still [kept] by the teacher , but where the students are beginning to form their own sentences .

By the time of the Norman invasion , the Saxon Manor had settled into a familiar form , with the Lord of the Manor , the reeve , the Hall , the lands retained in Demesne , lands let to tenants i.e. Villani , the Bordari or labourers , the Servi or slaves , in some cases Cotari , the tenants of part of the submanor , Free tenants , meadow land , mills , fisheries , woods for pannage and pasture .
by the time of the norman invasion , the saxon manor had settled into a familiar form , with the lord of the manor , the reeve , the hall , the lands [kept] in demesne , lands let to tenants i.e. villani , the bordari or labourers , the servi or slaves , in some cases cotari , the tenants of part of the submanor , free tenants , meadow land , mills , fisheries , woods for pannage and pasture .

But if it comes on very suddenly or the swelling from retained fluid is very pronounced , it is a sign of pre-eclampsia and will require medical attention .
but if it comes on very suddenly or the swelling from [kept] fluid is very pronounced , it is a sign of pre-eclampsia and will require medical attention .

Their capacity for organotypic development is retained after isolation and shortterm primary culture .
their capacity for organotypic development is [kept] after isolation and shortterm primary culture .

Early studies showed decreased segmenting pressure activity in this disease with absence of the normal postprandial pressure response although the normal postprandial increase in myoelectrical spike activity was retained , suggesting some sort of electromechanical dissociation .
early studies showed decreased segmenting pressure activity in this disease with absence of the normal postprandial pressure response although the normal postprandial increase in myoelectrical spike activity was [kept] , suggesting some sort of electromechanical dissociation .

Two observers independently assessed the films to count the number of markers retained in the stomach .
two observers independently assessed the films to count the number of markers [kept] in the stomach .

Hence , a pound paid out is worth more than a pound retained and reinvested .
hence , a pound paid out is worth more than a pound [kept] and reinvested .

In order to analyse the effect of the firm 's financial structure on the value of its shares , we have to examine the firm 's financial statements : its income statement , its statement of retained earnings and its balance sheet .
in order to analyse the effect of the firm 's financial structure on the value of its shares , we have to examine the firm 's financial statements : its income statement , its statement of [kept] earnings and its balance sheet .

6.2.1 The income statement and statement of retained earnings
6.2.1 the income statement and statement of [kept] earnings

The income statement of the firm is given in Table 6.1 , while the statement of retained earnings is given in Table 6.2 .
the income statement of the firm is given in table 6.1 , while the statement of [kept] earnings is given in table 6.2 .

While all firms have income and retained earnings statements similar to these tables , it is possible for two identical firms with identical cash flows to end up with different reported earnings because they use different accounting conventions .
while all firms have income and [kept] earnings statements similar to these tables , it is possible for two identical firms with identical cash flows to end up with different reported earnings because they use different accounting conventions .

We will now consider two identical firms with identical operations and cash flows but employing different accounting conventions . The combined income and retained earnings statement of the two firms is as follows :
we will now consider two identical firms with identical operations and cash flows but employing different accounting conventions . the combined income and [kept] earnings statement of the two firms is as follows :

Having examined the income and retained earnings statements of the firm , the final way to look at the firm 's financial structure is to examine its balance sheet .
having examined the income and [kept] earnings statements of the firm , the final way to look at the firm 's financial structure is to examine its balance sheet .

Only if all new investment in the firm has to be financed from retained earnings is it possible for an increase in dividends to reduce net investment and thereby reduce the ability of the firm to deliver real income in the future .
only if all new investment in the firm has to be financed from [kept] earnings is it possible for an increase in dividends to reduce net investment and thereby reduce the ability of the firm to deliver real income in the future .

If the firm has to reinvest some of its earnings to survive , then those retained earnings are not true economic income that could be consumed by the shareholder without reducing the share 's consumption-generating power in the future .
if the firm has to reinvest some of its earnings to survive , then those [kept] earnings are not true economic income that could be consumed by the shareholder without reducing the share 's consumption-generating power in the future .

From the firm 's point of view , retained earnings are generally regarded as a cheaper source of funds than new external funds , given the costs of raising external finance .
from the firm 's point of view , [kept] earnings are generally regarded as a cheaper source of funds than new external funds , given the costs of raising external finance .

On the assumption that net investment , x t , is financed entirely from retained earnings , net investment is determined as follows : where ( ) is the retention ratio ( i.e .
on the assumption that net investment , x t , is financed entirely from [kept] earnings , net investment is determined as follows : where ( ) is the retention ratio ( i.e .

The remainder is retained as addition to capital .
the remainder is [kept] as addition to capital .

This is known as replacement cost accounting as opposed to historic cost accounting when the original cost is retained .
this is known as replacement cost accounting as opposed to historic cost accounting when the original cost is [kept] .

Profit retained is an addition to capital ; loss is always a loss of capital .
profit [kept] is an addition to capital ; loss is always a loss of capital .

While her husband 's work is seen as one of the landmarks in Western painting of the twentieth century , she has retained her own identity , working with the exquisite finesse of the best , traditional Japanese painters .
while her husband 's work is seen as one of the landmarks in western painting of the twentieth century , she has [kept] her own identity , working with the exquisite finesse of the best , traditional japanese painters .

Paul Owens , the recently appointed finance director , is retained , though two other directors , Laura Marks and Alfred Davis , are resigning .
paul owens , the recently appointed finance director , is [kept] , though two other directors , laura marks and alfred davis , are resigning .

The consumer electronics side , which grew on the back of making headphones and more recently expanded into hi-fis , radios and televisions , is to be retained , and the new management has plans to move into warehousing and distribution .
the consumer electronics side , which grew on the back of making headphones and more recently expanded into hi-fis , radios and televisions , is to be [kept] , and the new management has plans to move into warehousing and distribution .

And the Park was being beautifully maintained ; the trees were not being needlessly felled ; the formal garden that girdled the house retained all its statuary .
and the park was being beautifully maintained ; the trees were not being needlessly felled ; the formal garden that girdled the house [kept] all its statuary .

They had retained a firm conviction , despite the talk about the ‘ social gospel ’ , of the need for personal salvation through individual conversion , a belief which accorded with the century 's emphasis on individualism .
they had [kept] a firm conviction , despite the talk about the ‘ social gospel ’ , of the need for personal salvation through individual conversion , a belief which accorded with the century 's emphasis on individualism .

The essence of Congregationalism , he insisted , was not isolated individual salvation but a ‘ pure and disciplined ’ Church , an argument which retained a traditional Calvinist flavour .
the essence of congregationalism , he insisted , was not isolated individual salvation but a ‘ pure and disciplined ’ church , an argument which [kept] a traditional calvinist flavour .

The essential character of a grid is retained to fine focal limits .
the essential character of a grid is [kept] to fine focal limits .

In November of 1968 , he responded to the demands of Derry Catholics by proposing that the Londonderry City Corporation ( which since partition had been gerrymandered so that the Protestant minority retained control ) be replaced by a nominated body , that housing allocation be removed from political control to be administered on a fair ‘ points for needs ’ system , and that the Special Powers Act be re-examined .
in november of 1968 , he responded to the demands of derry catholics by proposing that the londonderry city corporation ( which since partition had been gerrymandered so that the protestant minority [kept] control ) be replaced by a nominated body , that housing allocation be removed from political control to be administered on a fair ‘ points for needs ’ system , and that the special powers act be re-examined .

Good hay should also smell good , have retained its green colour , and be free of dust and mould .
good hay should also smell good , have [kept] its green colour , and be free of dust and mould .

Her hand was retained and to her astonishment given the slightest but most certain squeeze .
her hand was [kept] and to her astonishment given the slightest but most certain squeeze .

Nevertheless , the dominant impression to be gleaned from all the available evidence in this period is that , despite the decisive transformation in the balance of military power and the massive worsening of the mood of the bulk of the German population , the ‘ Hitler myth ’ — though unquestionably starting to crumble and lose its aura of untouchability — still retained much strength and potency .
nevertheless , the dominant impression to be gleaned from all the available evidence in this period is that , despite the decisive transformation in the balance of military power and the massive worsening of the mood of the bulk of the german population , the ‘ hitler myth ’ — though unquestionably starting to crumble and lose its aura of untouchability — still [kept] much strength and potency .

Given the circumstances , the ‘ Hitler myth ’ still retained a remarkable potency .
given the circumstances , the ‘ hitler myth ’ still [kept] a remarkable potency .

What sort of suffering would not have fallen upon our Fatherland if this beast of mankind had retained the upper hand ?
what sort of suffering would not have fallen upon our fatherland if this beast of mankind had [kept] the upper hand ?

And the former head of the Hitler Youth , Baldur von Schirach , who retained even at Nuremberg a naïve attachment to Hitler , indicated in his memoirs the effect on Hitler himself of the constant toadying and sycophancy which surrounded him , shielding him from rational criticism or genuine debate , and bolstering his increasing detachment from reality .
and the former head of the hitler youth , baldur von schirach , who [kept] even at nuremberg a naïve attachment to hitler , indicated in his memoirs the effect on hitler himself of the constant toadying and sycophancy which surrounded him , shielding him from rational criticism or genuine debate , and bolstering his increasing detachment from reality .

The party still retained something of its pre-war sleekness ; elderly gentlemen in Trumper 's haircuts , wearing cream silk shirts and Brigade or Old Etonian ties .
the party still [kept] something of its pre-war sleekness ; elderly gentlemen in trumper 's haircuts , wearing cream silk shirts and brigade or old etonian ties .

At Oxford , Mr Gould joined the Labour Party partly in response to what he saw as an attempt by the City to frustrate the 1964 election results and he has retained a disdain for the get-rich-quick philosophy of the City ever since .
at oxford , mr gould joined the labour party partly in response to what he saw as an attempt by the city to frustrate the 1964 election results and he has [kept] a disdain for the get-rich-quick philosophy of the city ever since .

But the elder Kim retained the military title of Marshal .
but the elder kim [kept] the military title of marshal .

Other ministers who have been retained are John Gummer at Agriculture , David Hunt at Wales and Ian Lang at Scotland .
other ministers who have been [kept] are john gummer at agriculture , david hunt at wales and ian lang at scotland .

Mr John Hume , the party leader , and his deputy , Mr Seamus Mallon , retained their seats in Foyle and Newry and Armagh with increased majorities .
mr john hume , the party leader , and his deputy , mr seamus mallon , [kept] their seats in foyle and newry and armagh with increased majorities .

The insurance group itself will be among the banking and shipping tenants with damage claims as it retained a 20 per cent stake in the building .
the insurance group itself will be among the banking and shipping tenants with damage claims as it [kept] a 20 per cent stake in the building .

Surely those who retained control over it would do better ?
surely those who [kept] control over it would do better ?

Before 1926 , either the debtor conveyed the legal right to a mortgagee , and retained an equitable interest — the ‘ Equity of Redemption ’ — or else he retained the legal right himself , and gave an equitable interest to the lender , as by a deposit of title-deeds .
before 1926 , either the debtor conveyed the legal right to a mortgagee , and [kept] an equitable interest — the ‘ equity of redemption ’ — or else he [kept] the legal right himself , and gave an equitable interest to the lender , as by a deposit of title-deeds .

But in two matters which concern primarily what we should consider the civil rights of everyone , the Church Courts long retained their jurisdiction : the disposition of the goods of the dead , and questions of marriage and divorce .
but in two matters which concern primarily what we should consider the civil rights of everyone , the church courts long [kept] their jurisdiction : the disposition of the goods of the dead , and questions of marriage and divorce .

It still retained such jurisdiction , and received some increase and confirmation of it , in the nineteenth century .
it still [kept] such jurisdiction , and received some increase and confirmation of it , in the nineteenth century .

The Maritime Law which it administered — though it gradually became more English and less international — still retained a peculiar character .
the maritime law which it administered — though it gradually became more english and less international — still [kept] a peculiar character .

To the extent that income has been retained , payments out are treated as income .
to the extent that income has been [kept] , payments out are treated as income .

In Britain 's heyday we provided financial subsidies as well ; but though we have retained our fighting abilities , as was demonstrated by the Falklands Campaign , the decline in our resources relative to the superpowers now limits our influence and inhibits our quest for the greatest possible measure of national independence .
in britain 's heyday we provided financial subsidies as well ; but though we have [kept] our fighting abilities , as was demonstrated by the falklands campaign , the decline in our resources relative to the superpowers now limits our influence and inhibits our quest for the greatest possible measure of national independence .

Such agreements could only be honoured if Britain retained the power to go to their assistance when called upon to do so .
such agreements could only be honoured if britain [kept] the power to go to their assistance when called upon to do so .

Financial control was centralized under one accounting officer , the Permanent Under-Secretary for Defence , with subordinate Deputy Under-Secretaries to oversee the individual Service votes , which were still retained for administrative convenience , but could be adjusted to conform to Defence , as opposed to single Service , priorities .
financial control was centralized under one accounting officer , the permanent under-secretary for defence , with subordinate deputy under-secretaries to oversee the individual service votes , which were still [kept] for administrative convenience , but could be adjusted to conform to defence , as opposed to single service , priorities .

Body heat is retained by a layer of blubber under the skin .
body heat is [kept] by a layer of blubber under the skin .

The Japanese thus gained a couple of years to phase out their use of drift-nets , and retained the hope that their research scientists might be able to hide the truth about drift-net fishing .
the japanese thus gained a couple of years to phase out their use of drift-nets , and [kept] the hope that their research scientists might be able to hide the truth about drift-net fishing .

Mustard should be allowed to stand for a few minutes after mixing and before serving to allow the flavour to develop , but mix little and often the flavour will be retained but the pungency will soon be lost .
mustard should be allowed to stand for a few minutes after mixing and before serving to allow the flavour to develop , but mix little and often the flavour will be [kept] but the pungency will soon be lost .

This does not mean that they have a lower percentage fat content but that the fat present is partly mixed with the liquid that is retained in the cheese .
this does not mean that they have a lower percentage fat content but that the fat present is partly mixed with the liquid that is [kept] in the cheese .

The Hareston estate was still retained by a Miss Audrian Wood who married a Mr Winter .
the hareston estate was still [kept] by a miss audrian wood who married a mr winter .

This is how it has retained its gloriously untouched state both outside and in .
this is how it has [kept] its gloriously untouched state both outside and in .

But Swangrove has retained all the details of a local Cotswold house and then exaggerated them .
but swangrove has [kept] all the details of a local cotswold house and then exaggerated them .

Some of the older building was retained at the back and several of the better quality timbers were re-used in the new house .
some of the older building was [kept] at the back and several of the better quality timbers were re-used in the new house .

He knew he was dying and retained his dignity to the end ; it came on 13 March 1967 , and the cricketing world , quite simply , was devastated .
he knew he was dying and [kept] his dignity to the end ; it came on 13 march 1967 , and the cricketing world , quite simply , was devastated .

The Eastaway and Treharne names still retained in the Thomas family indicate that originally the family came from the coastal region of Glamorgan between Neath and Gower .
the eastaway and treharne names still [kept] in the thomas family indicate that originally the family came from the coastal region of glamorgan between neath and gower .

They too were a family of skilled craftsmen and , like so many of the first two generations of South Wales industrial settlers , retained a small interest in country matters , raising pigs and often keeping a pony or two on the outskirts of their villages .
they too were a family of skilled craftsmen and , like so many of the first two generations of south wales industrial settlers , [kept] a small interest in country matters , raising pigs and often keeping a pony or two on the outskirts of their villages .

No doubt the army has lavish stocks of both ; but no capacity has been retained in Britain to make more of them at short notice .
no doubt the army has lavish stocks of both ; but no capacity has been [kept] in britain to make more of them at short notice .

Until now , Fenway Court has always retained the feeling of a private home , enhanced by such domestic touches as little vases of flowers , evening concerts and even a table laid out as if for tea ; it never seemed wholly incredible that Mrs Gardner herself would suddenly stroll through the door .
until now , fenway court has always [kept] the feeling of a private home , enhanced by such domestic touches as little vases of flowers , evening concerts and even a table laid out as if for tea ; it never seemed wholly incredible that mrs gardner herself would suddenly stroll through the door .

So some banks will be forced to rely on retained earnings for shoring up their capital-adequacy ratios — unless they are ready to put up with a much slower growth in assets ( which few seem prepared to do ) .
so some banks will be forced to rely on [kept] earnings for shoring up their capital-adequacy ratios — unless they are ready to put up with a much slower growth in assets ( which few seem prepared to do ) .

Mr Matthews reckons that about half of the banks ' retained earnings comes from securities gains .
mr matthews reckons that about half of the banks ' [kept] earnings comes from securities gains .

It provided for Kurdish legislative and executive councils , but real power was retained by the central government in Baghdad .
it provided for kurdish legislative and executive councils , but real power was [kept] by the central government in baghdad .

More importantly , they led to the establishment of a German confederation of 39 states which retained the bulk of sovereign power .
more importantly , they led to the establishment of a german confederation of 39 states which [kept] the bulk of sovereign power .

The Big Four retained , and still possess , the power to decide the German Question , eventual reunification , and exercise joint supreme authority over Berlin .
the big four [kept] , and still possess , the power to decide the german question , eventual reunification , and exercise joint supreme authority over berlin .

Mason is relaxed and the two retained their overnight lead .
mason is relaxed and the two [kept] their overnight lead .

If the meticulous Davis was the last player one would expect to lose in such a manner , the six-times Masters champion retained his reputation for sportsmanship by the grace with which he accepted the verdict .
if the meticulous davis was the last player one would expect to lose in such a manner , the six-times masters champion [kept] his reputation for sportsmanship by the grace with which he accepted the verdict .

The shares have soared in recognition of its prospects after the successful gamble in last year 's Channel 3 licence auctions , when it retained its franchise unopposed with a bid of just £2,000 .
the shares have soared in recognition of its prospects after the successful gamble in last year 's channel 3 licence auctions , when it [kept] its franchise unopposed with a bid of just £2,000 .

This is because income and gains are retained and rolled-up within the fund , rather then paid out as dividends .
this is because income and gains are [kept] and rolled-up within the fund , rather then paid out as dividends .

Gabriela Sabatini , of Argentina , retained her Family Circle Cup at Hilton Head , South Carolina , with a 6–1 , 6–4 victory over Spain 's Conchita Martinez .
gabriela sabatini , of argentina , [kept] her family circle cup at hilton head , south carolina , with a 6–1 , 6–4 victory over spain 's conchita martinez .

Even in an era of ‘ Political Correctness ’ and hyper-sensitivity over racial slights , Eskimo Pie has retained its name and its logo .
even in an era of ‘ political correctness ’ and hyper-sensitivity over racial slights , eskimo pie has [kept] its name and its logo .

The retained Victorian warehouses still have their cast iron columns , and external brick walls with arched windows , while the shop fronts and internal stairs are in a lighter , Art Nouveau style .
the [kept] victorian warehouses still have their cast iron columns , and external brick walls with arched windows , while the shop fronts and internal stairs are in a lighter , art nouveau style .

The original lustre of the shell has been retained .
the original lustre of the shell has been [kept] .

An extraordinary little trilobite looking like an ancient medallion , preserved in shale , with some of its original exoskeleton retained , coloured by iron compounds .
an extraordinary little trilobite looking like an ancient medallion , preserved in shale , with some of its original exoskeleton [kept] , coloured by iron compounds .

Most of the steps leading to the modern conifers seem to have taken place by the end of the Palaeozoic ; no other group of organisms of such antiquity has retained such an unbroken hold over vast areas of the earth as the conifers .
most of the steps leading to the modern conifers seem to have taken place by the end of the palaeozoic ; no other group of organisms of such antiquity has [kept] such an unbroken hold over vast areas of the earth as the conifers .

And because it was his territory , Trent retained hope , despite his fear of Louis ; as he had retained hope back in Ireland under the inspection of the leader of the terrorist unit that he had infiltrated .
and because it was his territory , trent [kept] hope , despite his fear of louis ; as he had [kept] hope back in ireland under the inspection of the leader of the terrorist unit that he had infiltrated .

At least he retained his sight .
at least he [kept] his sight .

calcium ) are leached out , phosphorus is retained and aluminium and trace metals appear in the soil water .
calcium ) are leached out , phosphorus is [kept] and aluminium and trace metals appear in the soil water .

After closure of Woodhead as a through route , the Sheffield to Penistone section was retained for some time in order to allow upgrading of the route via Barnsley .
after closure of woodhead as a through route , the sheffield to penistone section was [kept] for some time in order to allow upgrading of the route via barnsley .

The Moorish influence is still present and many Arab customs and traditions have been retained , with houses bearing an image of ‘ The Indalo ’ , an ancient totem god said to ward off evil spirits .
the moorish influence is still present and many arab customs and traditions have been [kept] , with houses bearing an image of ‘ the indalo ’ , an ancient totem god said to ward off evil spirits .

The consignment note has to be made out in three original copies signed by the sender , the second shall accompany the goods , and the third is retained by the carrier .
the consignment note has to be made out in three original copies signed by the sender , the second shall accompany the goods , and the third is [kept] by the carrier .

Secondly , they retained 25 per cent of capitation monies outside the formula system for discretionary allocations .
secondly , they [kept] 25 per cent of capitation monies outside the formula system for discretionary allocations .

The implementation of local management of schools , the national curriculum , appraisal and the need for marketing all impose demands upon institutions which will be impossible to meet if existing structures are retained .
the implementation of local management of schools , the national curriculum , appraisal and the need for marketing all impose demands upon institutions which will be impossible to meet if existing structures are [kept] .

The existing protection provided for people engaged in especially hazardous work will be retained .
the existing protection provided for people engaged in especially hazardous work will be [kept] .

Thus Foxton retained its importance as a place of special interest to canal people , and reinforced its reputation by becoming the site for one of the oddest , most technologically ingenious and most spectacular pieces of engineering in the whole canal system .
thus foxton [kept] its importance as a place of special interest to canal people , and reinforced its reputation by becoming the site for one of the oddest , most technologically ingenious and most spectacular pieces of engineering in the whole canal system .

In spite of being a member of this élite fighting unit , learning to kill people in extremely unpleasant ways , Leslie retained the gentility of Victorian ellipsis in the matter of writing profanities !
in spite of being a member of this élite fighting unit , learning to kill people in extremely unpleasant ways , leslie [kept] the gentility of victorian ellipsis in the matter of writing profanities !

The Druids won on the last occasion and have retained the trophy at their Henley headquarters .
the druids won on the last occasion and have [kept] the trophy at their henley headquarters .

Because there is no projecting dormer , there will be less headroom , as the slope of the roof is retained in the conversion , but proportionately more light will enter the room .
because there is no projecting dormer , there will be less headroom , as the slope of the roof is [kept] in the conversion , but proportionately more light will enter the room .

Retained Cards
[kept] cards

Circumstances may arise where a card is retained by an Abbeylink machine .
circumstances may arise where a card is [kept] by an abbeylink machine .

It was 1837 that it became Ring & Brymer , an entity retained by Lord Forte when he took over the company in 1962 .
it was 1837 that it became ring & brymer , an entity [kept] by lord forte when he took over the company in 1962 .

Where these is no need for a retained iron structure to accept enlarged loads and it is apparent that the metal members are in food condition , not having been subjected to detrimental modifications , the chief consideration in re-using the installation is to achieve an acceptable standard of fire resistance .
where these is no need for a [kept] iron structure to accept enlarged loads and it is apparent that the metal members are in food condition , not having been subjected to detrimental modifications , the chief consideration in re-using the installation is to achieve an acceptable standard of fire resistance .

In contrast , adoption of the second policy guaranteed the disappearance of many old barns because they became redundant unless they were retained as covered rick-houses or stores for straw .
in contrast , adoption of the second policy guaranteed the disappearance of many old barns because they became redundant unless they were [kept] as covered rick-houses or stores for straw .

The existing stone walling was retained and the original massiveness of the east elevation was preserved and even emphasised by retaining the high level ventilation slits and minimising the number of new windows on this sunless side .
the existing stone walling was [kept] and the original massiveness of the east elevation was preserved and even emphasised by retaining the high level ventilation slits and minimising the number of new windows on this sunless side .

It was not necessary to re-roof the attached cart-shed on the west side , the pitched and hipped shape of which was retained , but the original timber-framed and boarded north elevation of this ‘ wing ’ was removed and replaced with a cavity wall , finished externally with salvaged facing bricks .
it was not necessary to re-roof the attached cart-shed on the west side , the pitched and hipped shape of which was [kept] , but the original timber-framed and boarded north elevation of this ‘ wing ’ was removed and replaced with a cavity wall , finished externally with salvaged facing bricks .

For those churches not vested in the Redundant Churches Fund or retained by the Board of Finance of the diocese , two categories can be perceived : a ) those that will be demolished ( although the Advisory Board may initially withhold a demolition certificate ) and b ) those that can be adapted to a range of alternative uses .
for those churches not vested in the redundant churches fund or [kept] by the board of finance of the diocese , two categories can be perceived : a ) those that will be demolished ( although the advisory board may initially withhold a demolition certificate ) and b ) those that can be adapted to a range of alternative uses .

Preservation of the chancel as a single space allowed the high stained glass of the east window to be retained in its original form without interruption from new intermediate floors .
preservation of the chancel as a single space allowed the high stained glass of the east window to be [kept] in its original form without interruption from new intermediate floors .

Headroom equivalent to door head-height could just be achieved both below and above this gallery and under the retained ceiling .
headroom equivalent to door head-height could just be achieved both below and above this gallery and under the [kept] ceiling .

Tony Fretton , the architect who had devised the original division of areas to form six units and who had advised on the allocation of flats , was retained by both Russell Mills and Juliet Mann to design the interiors of their dwellings .
tony fretton , the architect who had devised the original division of areas to form six units and who had advised on the allocation of flats , was [kept] by both russell mills and juliet mann to design the interiors of their dwellings .

Each wheel was made in sections and assembled at the mill , paddles made of wood being retained .
each wheel was made in sections and assembled at the mill , paddles made of wood being [kept] .

In the centre of the plan of the eastern half of the building , the original grain-storage silo structure of the warehouse was retained for use as a lift , staircase and refuse chute ( Fig 58 ) .
in the centre of the plan of the eastern half of the building , the original grain-storage silo structure of the warehouse was [kept] for use as a lift , staircase and refuse chute ( fig 58 ) .

The condition of the original internal structures and existing buildings was so bad that cost studies showed that , as well as offering higher standards of fire and sound insulation , the provision of an entirely new structure within the retained shell of the building would be cheaper than a process of repairing and upgrading the surviving framing .
the condition of the original internal structures and existing buildings was so bad that cost studies showed that , as well as offering higher standards of fire and sound insulation , the provision of an entirely new structure within the [kept] shell of the building would be cheaper than a process of repairing and upgrading the surviving framing .

Features such as cranes , loading bays and the 25m ( 83ft ) high free-standing chimney were retained and the original windows were replaced with steel casements of similar pattern ( Plate 49 ) .
features such as cranes , loading bays and the 25m ( 83ft ) high free-standing chimney were [kept] and the original windows were replaced with steel casements of similar pattern ( plate 49 ) .

Others in different cultures and elsewhere in the world have retained the capacity to acknowledge these dimensions of human experience which are beyond the natural and everyday .
others in different cultures and elsewhere in the world have [kept] the capacity to acknowledge these dimensions of human experience which are beyond the natural and everyday .

Powell only has a remote chance of playing , for Reilly 's squad has retained its shape and strength .
powell only has a remote chance of playing , for reilly 's squad has [kept] its shape and strength .

Had n't his book , in which he retained a belief that two systems in one country would work when Hong Kong went back to China , been rather overtaken by events ?
had n't his book , in which he [kept] a belief that two systems in one country would work when hong kong went back to china , been rather overtaken by events ?

But this should not obscure from us the fact that Judaism resisted stoutly the prudery that stultified sexuality throughout the West , and always retained a high and honoured place for bodily functioning and its pleasures — as becomes indeed , a gift from God : ‘ Man and woman are one body and one soul , ( oneness reasserted , as ever ) , and it is this powerful union which it projects and enhances .
but this should not obscure from us the fact that judaism resisted stoutly the prudery that stultified sexuality throughout the west , and always [kept] a high and honoured place for bodily functioning and its pleasures — as becomes indeed , a gift from god : ‘ man and woman are one body and one soul , ( oneness reasserted , as ever ) , and it is this powerful union which it projects and enhances .

They have always retained a low political profile .
they have always [kept] a low political profile .

The Roman catholic church retained a unified hierarchical organization for the whole of the island with its bishops meeting periodically at Maynooth .
the roman catholic church [kept] a unified hierarchical organization for the whole of the island with its bishops meeting periodically at maynooth .

The protestant churches in Ireland also retained their island-wide organization after the political partition of the island .
the protestant churches in ireland also [kept] their island-wide organization after the political partition of the island .

Despite this common , oppositional identity , protestants in Northern Ireland retained institutional , class , and doctrinal divisions .
despite this common , oppositional identity , protestants in northern ireland [kept] institutional , class , and doctrinal divisions .

Presbyterians retained a consciousness of their Scottish origins and came to have a significant presence in the local economy and finance institutions , predominating in the North and East .
presbyterians [kept] a consciousness of their scottish origins and came to have a significant presence in the local economy and finance institutions , predominating in the north and east .

The prime reason for bringing in a new constitution in 1937 was the return to dominance of the republican grouping , the side which had lost the civil war , and which had retained the intention of establishing a republic .
the prime reason for bringing in a new constitution in 1937 was the return to dominance of the republican grouping , the side which had lost the civil war , and which had [kept] the intention of establishing a republic .

The 17 year old Yugoslav retained her French Open title and her world No 1 ranking .
the 17 year old yugoslav [kept] her french open title and her world no 1 ranking .

By a painter who befriends him , and who sleeps for a while with his mother , Jaromil , already self-perceived as exceptional , original , is introduced to modern art , which ‘ had not yet become the shopworn property of the bourgeois masses and retained the fascinating aura of a sect , a magical exclusivity fascinating to childhood — an age always daydreaming about the romanticism of secret societies , fraternities and tribes ’ .
by a painter who befriends him , and who sleeps for a while with his mother , jaromil , already self-perceived as exceptional , original , is introduced to modern art , which ‘ had not yet become the shopworn property of the bourgeois masses and [kept] the fascinating aura of a sect , a magical exclusivity fascinating to childhood — an age always daydreaming about the romanticism of secret societies , fraternities and tribes ’ .

From ‘ Of Ceremonies : Why some be abolished and some retained , ’ The Book of Common Prayer
from ‘ of ceremonies : why some be abolished and some [kept] , ’ the book of common prayer

In the wake of Macedonian rule of their cities many intellectuals of late Classical and Hellenistic Greece retained their beards , deliberately intending a contrast with their rulers .
in the wake of macedonian rule of their cities many intellectuals of late classical and hellenistic greece [kept] their beards , deliberately intending a contrast with their rulers .

In the meantime , however , he was most keen that the staff of his predecessor — a staff of which he had heard high praise — be retained at Darlington Hall .
in the meantime , however , he was most keen that the staff of his predecessor — a staff of which he had heard high praise — be [kept] at darlington hall .

It retained many of the traditional features of stations , including a clock-tower more than 100 ft. high , and large circulation areas adorned with tiles with Maori motifs , and frescos depicting New Zealand scenes .
it [kept] many of the traditional features of stations , including a clock-tower more than 100 ft. high , and large circulation areas adorned with tiles with maori motifs , and frescos depicting new zealand scenes .

At a time when new stations elsewhere meant bus shelters , fine new stations which retained at least some of the spirit of the old were provided at Taita , Palmerston North , and Rotorua , among others .
at a time when new stations elsewhere meant bus shelters , fine new stations which [kept] at least some of the spirit of the old were provided at taita , palmerston north , and rotorua , among others .

Against such a background he perceives , in terms echoed a year later by Michael Young , that the eleven-plus is ‘ likely to cause the working-classes now to lose many of the critical tentacles which they would have retained years ago and that a new caste system might prove to be at least as rigid as the old ’ .
against such a background he perceives , in terms echoed a year later by michael young , that the eleven-plus is ‘ likely to cause the working-classes now to lose many of the critical tentacles which they would have [kept] years ago and that a new caste system might prove to be at least as rigid as the old ’ .

As the future was so uncertain , however , the family retained ownership of all fixtures , fittings and moveable contents — everything that could be stripped out if Thoresby were ever threatened with demolition .
as the future was so uncertain , however , the family [kept] ownership of all fixtures , fittings and moveable contents — everything that could be stripped out if thoresby were ever threatened with demolition .

Principally , the landscaping must be in keeping with the area : gravel is better than tarmac , and interesting features must be retained .
principally , the landscaping must be in keeping with the area : gravel is better than tarmac , and interesting features must be [kept] .

But within this context , Wilkins ' elegant stuccoed facades will be retained , and an important landmark has been saved and will look far more handsome and dignified than it has for many years .
but within this context , wilkins ' elegant stuccoed facades will be [kept] , and an important landmark has been saved and will look far more handsome and dignified than it has for many years .

Chain , exasperated by the British failure to provide him with adequate research facilities , migrated to Rome , but was retained as a consultant by Beecham 's at a time when the firm was rapidly developing its research facilities .
chain , exasperated by the british failure to provide him with adequate research facilities , migrated to rome , but was [kept] as a consultant by beecham 's at a time when the firm was rapidly developing its research facilities .

The Government also disclosed that the present method of assessing parental contributions according to parents ' residual income , after tax and mortgage payments , is to be retained for the time being .
the government also disclosed that the present method of assessing parental contributions according to parents ' residual income , after tax and mortgage payments , is to be [kept] for the time being .

He intends to expand the coaching staff , although Eric Winstanley , caretaker since Allan Clarke 's removal , will be retained .
he intends to expand the coaching staff , although eric winstanley , caretaker since allan clarke 's removal , will be [kept] .

The French , though , have retained far more of their apple orchards .
the french , though , have [kept] far more of their apple orchards .

The 1948 British Nationality Act renamed them Citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies ( CUKCs ) , but the people of Hong Kong retained their right of abode in Britain and during the 1950's were positively encouraged to go to the ‘ Mother Country ’ to fill job vacancies .
the 1948 british nationality act renamed them citizens of the united kingdom and colonies ( cukcs ) , but the people of hong kong [kept] their right of abode in britain and during the 1950's were positively encouraged to go to the ‘ mother country ’ to fill job vacancies .

When the printing operation of Mr Maxwell 's quoted company Maxwell Communications was taken over by its management this year , 24 per cent was retained by the former parent .
when the printing operation of mr maxwell 's quoted company maxwell communications was taken over by its management this year , 24 per cent was [kept] by the former parent .

The proportion of the People retained by Mirror Group is likely to be similar — and the paper will continue to be printed on Mirror presses .
the proportion of the people [kept] by mirror group is likely to be similar — and the paper will continue to be printed on mirror presses .

Nominating him , the Prime Minister , Mr Marian Calfa , declared : ‘ Although he has been forced to live on the fringe of society , he has retained his moral integrity . ’
nominating him , the prime minister , mr marian calfa , declared : ‘ although he has been forced to live on the fringe of society , he has [kept] his moral integrity . ’

Ford retained market leadership with its share up from a lowly 20 per cent last September to 25 per cent — a volume increase from 34,421 to 38,445 .
ford [kept] market leadership with its share up from a lowly 20 per cent last september to 25 per cent — a volume increase from 34,421 to 38,445 .

Though the college was very Anglican , he retained all his family 's loyalty to the Congregationalist tradition and way of worship .
though the college was very anglican , he [kept] all his family 's loyalty to the congregationalist tradition and way of worship .

The third National Government , after the resignation of the Liberal ministers , was hardly a coalition — although again Marquand shows that the non-Conservatives retained more influence upon it than their numbers alone would suggest .
the third national government , after the resignation of the liberal ministers , was hardly a coalition — although again marquand shows that the non-conservatives [kept] more influence upon it than their numbers alone would suggest .

However , the basic structure of three national airlines as proposed in the Swinton plan was retained .
however , the basic structure of three national airlines as proposed in the swinton plan was [kept] .

Now the Green Paper on Nationality , effectively a first draft of the law on nationality which is to be introduced in 1978 , confirms that the same concepts are to be retained .
now the green paper on nationality , effectively a first draft of the law on nationality which is to be introduced in 1978 , confirms that the same concepts are to be [kept] .

He retained , however , sufficient contact with reality to know , and privately to say , that such a development was incompatible with the British parliamentary system .
he [kept] , however , sufficient contact with reality to know , and privately to say , that such a development was incompatible with the british parliamentary system .

As late as the end of the nineteenth century in some Western European states local politics retained their dominance over central concerns , until markets , jobs , and communications like the railways became part of a national whole .
as late as the end of the nineteenth century in some western european states local politics [kept] their dominance over central concerns , until markets , jobs , and communications like the railways became part of a national whole .

They were more articulate , had seen something of the wider world , retained a thirst for knowledge , and were sceptical towards the Church .
they were more articulate , had seen something of the wider world , [kept] a thirst for knowledge , and were sceptical towards the church .

The first figure relates to the writer 's or composer 's percentage ( 95 or 85 per cent ) , and the second to the amount retained by the publisher ( 5 or 15 per cent ) .
the first figure relates to the writer 's or composer 's percentage ( 95 or 85 per cent ) , and the second to the amount [kept] by the publisher ( 5 or 15 per cent ) .

As the people of Uganda retained strong local loyalties , the arrangements could only be replaced by the type of authoritarian regime which Obote now introduced .
as the people of uganda [kept] strong local loyalties , the arrangements could only be replaced by the type of authoritarian regime which obote now introduced .

The similarly complex system developed by the waTengo was based on a pattern in which grass , weeds and crop refuse were composted in Pits which were retained in both cropping and fallow periods .
the similarly complex system developed by the watengo was based on a pattern in which grass , weeds and crop refuse were composted in pits which were [kept] in both cropping and fallow periods .

However such farmers were necessarily exceptions within a farming community where shortening bush/fallow cycles were retained ; they did not provide a solution to the underlying problem .
however such farmers were necessarily exceptions within a farming community where shortening bush/fallow cycles were [kept] ; they did not provide a solution to the underlying problem .

If the consortium agreed to support the overall programme funds would be given , on an agreed schedule , providing the strategies were retained .
if the consortium agreed to support the overall programme funds would be given , on an agreed schedule , providing the strategies were [kept] .

The Defence Secretary , John Nott , narrowly retained his office .
the defence secretary , john nott , narrowly [kept] his office .

Of twenty-four professionals retained by Lancashire in 1899 , seventeen were paid £3 a week as a basic wage during the season with the remainder getting less .
of twenty-four professionals [kept] by lancashire in 1899 , seventeen were paid £3 a week as a basic wage during the season with the remainder getting less .

But perhaps the most welcome change of all is the resiting of the automatic transmission selector lever from the steering column to the central console ; Rolls-Royce 's famed electronic control is retained , though .
but perhaps the most welcome change of all is the resiting of the automatic transmission selector lever from the steering column to the central console ; rolls-royce 's famed electronic control is [kept] , though .

This body was established by Harold Wilson in 1974 and has been retained by his successors .
this body was established by harold wilson in 1974 and has been [kept] by his successors .

But Peter Walker and Jim Prior , also well-known doubters , were retained ( Prior until September 1984 ) , no doubt for fear that they might prove troublesome on the back bench .
but peter walker and jim prior , also well-known doubters , were [kept] ( prior until september 1984 ) , no doubt for fear that they might prove troublesome on the back bench .

Only for five years between 1945 and 1983 has approval for the Prime Minister exceeded that of his party by more than 10 per cent , and Harold Wilson , and Harold Macmillan are the only post-war premiers to have retained the support of 50 per cent or more of the electorate for two successive years .
only for five years between 1945 and 1983 has approval for the prime minister exceeded that of his party by more than 10 per cent , and harold wilson , and harold macmillan are the only post-war premiers to have [kept] the support of 50 per cent or more of the electorate for two successive years .

Over time she has retained her ideological commitment , and the shortcomings as well as the successes of her government record are invoked by her as reasons to press on with the original strategy .
over time she has [kept] her ideological commitment , and the shortcomings as well as the successes of her government record are invoked by her as reasons to press on with the original strategy .

Mrs Thatcher 's governments have not only won elections but retained their drive .
mrs thatcher 's governments have not only won elections but [kept] their drive .

At first the freemen of both town and country had an organization and a type of property which still retained something of the communal as well as something of the private , but in the town a radical transformation was taking place .
at first the freemen of both town and country had an organization and a type of property which still [kept] something of the communal as well as something of the private , but in the town a radical transformation was taking place .

There is therefore very much in Engels 's discussion of existing political organization which is still acceptable ; however , recent anthropological work makes it clear that if something like the notion of the gentile constitution is to be retained , the concept would have to be broadened to include a much greater variety of such systems than was , or could have been , envisaged by the founders of Marxism .
there is therefore very much in engels 's discussion of existing political organization which is still acceptable ; however , recent anthropological work makes it clear that if something like the notion of the gentile constitution is to be [kept] , the concept would have to be broadened to include a much greater variety of such systems than was , or could have been , envisaged by the founders of marxism .

Llanfranco Dettori , who completes a swift graduation from the apprentice nursery school to the academy of retained riders next season , won on all three Cumani runners at Brighton yesterday .
llanfranco dettori , who completes a swift graduation from the apprentice nursery school to the academy of [kept] riders next season , won on all three cumani runners at brighton yesterday .

If Uppark is stabilised and retained as a ruin , as it should be , the basic structure can be seen as an education itself .
if uppark is stabilised and [kept] as a ruin , as it should be , the basic structure can be seen as an education itself .

To alleviate industry 's problems , the provision for small amounts of halons to be retained ‘ for essential uses ’ could be retained ‘ for essential uses ’ could be extended to the other products , Trippier suggested .
to alleviate industry 's problems , the provision for small amounts of halons to be [kept] ‘ for essential uses ’ could be [kept] ‘ for essential uses ’ could be extended to the other products , trippier suggested .

Because of the side-effects associated with carbenoxolone , interest was revived in liquorice extracts particularly when it was found that despite the removal of glycyrrhizic acid , liquorice retained antiulcer activity .
because of the side-effects associated with carbenoxolone , interest was revived in liquorice extracts particularly when it was found that despite the removal of glycyrrhizic acid , liquorice [kept] antiulcer activity .

The reluctance of the odd electron to engage in bonding appears to be retained in these complexes and the few X-ray structures obtained so far indicate unusual bonding .
the reluctance of the odd electron to engage in bonding appears to be [kept] in these complexes and the few x-ray structures obtained so far indicate unusual bonding .

The King 's great-uncle , Cardinal Beaufort , the Bishop of Winchester , was very wealthy and retained considerable power .
the king 's great-uncle , cardinal beaufort , the bishop of winchester , was very wealthy and [kept] considerable power .

It was not intended that the Villa would be used as a residence ( the east wing of the old mansion being retained as the family residence ) , but mainly for the exhibition of the fine collection of paintings and sculptures which the Duke had gathered together , including examples of Holbein ; Rembrandt : Leonardo da Vinci ; Titian ; Van Dyke and Rubens .
it was not intended that the villa would be used as a residence ( the east wing of the old mansion being [kept] as the family residence ) , but mainly for the exhibition of the fine collection of paintings and sculptures which the duke had gathered together , including examples of holbein ; rembrandt : leonardo da vinci ; titian ; van dyke and rubens .

In this study 70 % undertook at least some of the paperwork though , in many cases , it was clear that the farmer retained part of the paperwork to himself .
in this study 70 % undertook at least some of the paperwork though , in many cases , it was clear that the farmer [kept] part of the paperwork to himself .

The London-born businessman Mr Alan Bond has surrendered his Australian passport to his bankruptcy trustee in Perth , but has retained his British/EC passport which , he says , is overseas having visas added to it .
the london-born businessman mr alan bond has surrendered his australian passport to his bankruptcy trustee in perth , but has [kept] his british/ec passport which , he says , is overseas having visas added to it .

The only certain thing about the future is its uncertainty and therefore prudence dictates that flexibility must be retained and options kept open .
the only certain thing about the future is its uncertainty and therefore prudence dictates that flexibility must be [kept] and options kept open .

In any event the consequences of change as it will affect many rural communities is not fully understood and if a viable social structure is to be retained in the remote areas it will be necessary to proceed with caution .
in any event the consequences of change as it will affect many rural communities is not fully understood and if a viable social structure is to be [kept] in the remote areas it will be necessary to proceed with caution .

In Orkney , to which Slee ( 22 ) specifically referred as an example of the detrimental effect of farm investment , notably in buildings , HIDB-assisted farms have retained their full-time labour whereas on the island as a whole agricultural employment has declined by 9 % .
in orkney , to which slee ( 22 ) specifically referred as an example of the detrimental effect of farm investment , notably in buildings , hidb-assisted farms have [kept] their full-time labour whereas on the island as a whole agricultural employment has declined by 9 % .

But we do not know , for example , the density of farms necessary in different hill areas which have to be retained to achieve the commitment to mutual support , the retention of service industries and the social cohesion which will ensure survival of rural communities .
but we do not know , for example , the density of farms necessary in different hill areas which have to be [kept] to achieve the commitment to mutual support , the retention of service industries and the social cohesion which will ensure survival of rural communities .

Nor can the best overall decisions in the long term be achieved by considering piecemeal whether a particular parcel of land is allocated to forestry or retained in agriculture .
nor can the best overall decisions in the long term be achieved by considering piecemeal whether a particular parcel of land is allocated to forestry or [kept] in agriculture .

Although many have indeed left , they have often retained their ownership and the land has fallen into disuse .
although many have indeed left , they have often [kept] their ownership and the land has fallen into disuse .

They also need to be reasonably labour intensive and give a high level of added value which can be retained by the production unit or community involved .
they also need to be reasonably labour intensive and give a high level of added value which can be [kept] by the production unit or community involved .

Craft or small-scale industries should as far as possible exploit local materials and have a high value added that can be retained by the producer .
craft or small-scale industries should as far as possible exploit local materials and have a high value added that can be [kept] by the producer .

The agreement with Swithland Motors means players not invited to take part in a winter tour will be retained for the full year , to promote the game by working with young players .
the agreement with swithland motors means players not invited to take part in a winter tour will be [kept] for the full year , to promote the game by working with young players .

Even parents who were suspected of abuse retained a sense of responsibility for their children which should be nurtured , not crushed ; and even the implementation of legal powers required respect , communication , the willingness to listen , and the desire to reach agreements — not least with the victims themselves .
even parents who were suspected of abuse [kept] a sense of responsibility for their children which should be nurtured , not crushed ; and even the implementation of legal powers required respect , communication , the willingness to listen , and the desire to reach agreements — not least with the victims themselves .

These tribes had been conquered by the Franks and forced into Christianity , but they retained their own kingship or leaders , and were not tightly bound to the Frankish throne in terms of direct government .
these tribes had been conquered by the franks and forced into christianity , but they [kept] their own kingship or leaders , and were not tightly bound to the frankish throne in terms of direct government .

Charles did not make extensive changes in the Lombard government , and retained many of the governors and administrators who had originally served under Desiderius .
charles did not make extensive changes in the lombard government , and [kept] many of the governors and administrators who had originally served under desiderius .

In spite of all its anomalies , it is difficult to see what other system could have retained even the present small population .
in spite of all its anomalies , it is difficult to see what other system could have [kept] even the present small population .

There was , therefore , usually some scope for an enterprise to substitute domestically produced materials for imported materials , and there was never any guarantee that foreign exchange retained by enterprises would be used solely for producing exports .
there was , therefore , usually some scope for an enterprise to substitute domestically produced materials for imported materials , and there was never any guarantee that foreign exchange [kept] by enterprises would be used solely for producing exports .

Although now signed to a major , The Wedding Present still retained their parsimonious values .
although now signed to a major , the wedding present still [kept] their parsimonious values .

The British Columbians , despite dogged persistence , could not cope with a pack in which eight men worked as one and where possession once obtained was so powerfully and cunningly retained .
the british columbians , despite dogged persistence , could not cope with a pack in which eight men worked as one and where possession once obtained was so powerfully and cunningly [kept] .

Goldwyn considered himself physically unappealing and Frances retained a lifelong devotion to George Cukor , who was homosexual .
goldwyn considered himself physically unappealing and frances [kept] a lifelong devotion to george cukor , who was homosexual .

The Macmillan government applied to join , the Heath government signed the treaty as it was , but at that stage basically the nation states retained the veto process which had been injected by de Gaulle into the original treaty .
the macmillan government applied to join , the heath government signed the treaty as it was , but at that stage basically the nation states [kept] the veto process which had been injected by de gaulle into the original treaty .

Director Roger Mills even retained a quip from Alan Whicker ( whom the presenter consulted ) about a Bernard Levin series in which the pretence of solitude was attempted .
director roger mills even [kept] a quip from alan whicker ( whom the presenter consulted ) about a bernard levin series in which the pretence of solitude was attempted .

Should the qualified defence of diminished responsibility be retained ?
should the qualified defence of diminished responsibility be [kept] ?

Separate offences for cases involving police-officers and children would be retained , to mark out the extra heinousness of such crimes in general .
separate offences for cases involving police-officers and children would be [kept] , to mark out the extra heinousness of such crimes in general .

The cap is retained in the unit and used to reseal the drum .
the cap is [kept] in the unit and used to reseal the drum .

He is clearly desperate to fit in , something which turned the renovations into an architectural method trip , with the actor flying back from film shoots to hassle the builders about saving any historical detail they could , no matter how trivial , so that the building retained its local character .
he is clearly desperate to fit in , something which turned the renovations into an architectural method trip , with the actor flying back from film shoots to hassle the builders about saving any historical detail they could , no matter how trivial , so that the building [kept] its local character .

The fact is that the rich retained most of their income and wealth , although there was , quite clearly , some transference of wealth and income from the very rich to the middling rich sections , as indicated in Table 6.3 .
the fact is that the rich [kept] most of their income and wealth , although there was , quite clearly , some transference of wealth and income from the very rich to the middling rich sections , as indicated in table 6.3 .

Retained soil can become saturated with water and then exert tremendous pressure .
[kept] soil can become saturated with water and then exert tremendous pressure .

Copper was the first metal to become available in quantity for general use and the metal and its alloys have retained their importance to the present day .
copper was the first metal to become available in quantity for general use and the metal and its alloys have [kept] their importance to the present day .

Freud says , ‘ In those women who are sexually anaesthetic as it is called , the clitoris has stubbornly retained this sensitivity .
freud says , ‘ in those women who are sexually anaesthetic as it is called , the clitoris has stubbornly [kept] this sensitivity .

She also retained her tears .
she also [kept] her tears .

For a man like this , still living in the midst of the work which had been his life , retirement had none of its typical contemporary implications : he retained his technical authority along with his social networks and his familiar surroundings .
for a man like this , still living in the midst of the work which had been his life , retirement had none of its typical contemporary implications : he [kept] his technical authority along with his social networks and his familiar surroundings .

Though there is no real reason not to talk of ‘ the new novel ’ , the term nouveau roman has always been retained , perhaps for a certain alluring foreign frisson .
though there is no real reason not to talk of ‘ the new novel ’ , the term nouveau roman has always been [kept] , perhaps for a certain alluring foreign frisson .

Simon 's own statements made at this time betray a strong representational intent : while rejecting the forms of classic realism , the novel nevertheless retained its mimetic role .
simon 's own statements made at this time betray a strong representational intent : while rejecting the forms of classic realism , the novel nevertheless [kept] its mimetic role .

For his part , Arguedas shows in his fiction that , despite centuries of oppression , the Indian peasants of the Peruvian Andes have retained their sense of identity by clinging to their traditional culture .
for his part , arguedas shows in his fiction that , despite centuries of oppression , the indian peasants of the peruvian andes have [kept] their sense of identity by clinging to their traditional culture .

The general concept of Kinmount , with its vast Soanic central saloon rising into a tribune gallery and a lantern tower , was reproduced in neo-Tudor form as his ambitious enlargement of Saltoun , East Lothian ( 1817 ) ; without the lantern tower , at his neo-Classical Adderston , Northumberland ( 1819 ) and the much larger Camperdown , Dundee ( 1821–28 ) ; and , at Blairquhan , Ayrshire ( 1820 ) where he retained the lantern tower but began to experiment with asymmetrical planning and to adopt more archaeologically correct Tudor forms , following the example of William Wilkins ' Tregothnan ( 1816 ) and Dalmeny ( 1814 ) .
the general concept of kinmount , with its vast soanic central saloon rising into a tribune gallery and a lantern tower , was reproduced in neo-tudor form as his ambitious enlargement of saltoun , east lothian ( 1817 ) ; without the lantern tower , at his neo-classical adderston , northumberland ( 1819 ) and the much larger camperdown , dundee ( 1821–28 ) ; and , at blairquhan , ayrshire ( 1820 ) where he [kept] the lantern tower but began to experiment with asymmetrical planning and to adopt more archaeologically correct tudor forms , following the example of william wilkins ' tregothnan ( 1816 ) and dalmeny ( 1814 ) .

Here light transfer has again been employed , by way of an original glazed lightwell which was retained as ‘ a memory of the old building ’ .
here light transfer has again been employed , by way of an original glazed lightwell which was [kept] as ‘ a memory of the old building ’ .

Military action , although retained as an option for the future , did not figure as part of this strategy .
military action , although [kept] as an option for the future , did not figure as part of this strategy .

For the next ten years their father was posted from one naval establishment to another , around most of the strategically retained vestiges of the British Empire , from Hong Kong to Aden , to Gibraltar , to Singapore and finally to Malta , and Alex and Victoria , rejoining the family during holidays , became seasoned travellers .
for the next ten years their father was posted from one naval establishment to another , around most of the strategically [kept] vestiges of the british empire , from hong kong to aden , to gibraltar , to singapore and finally to malta , and alex and victoria , rejoining the family during holidays , became seasoned travellers .

What he had retained was the sense of an elusive mystery waiting in the heights for his return .
what he had [kept] was the sense of an elusive mystery waiting in the heights for his return .

The surplus would have to be retained by the Company , and therefore taxed at Corporation Taxes rates .
the surplus would have to be [kept] by the company , and therefore taxed at corporation taxes rates .

The seat had been Tory since 1970 and had been held since 1974 by Sir Charles , who retained it with a sizeable personal vote .
the seat had been tory since 1970 and had been held since 1974 by sir charles , who [kept] it with a sizeable personal vote .

Elsewhere Labour retained its firm grip on Scotland as the much vaunted Nationalist revival failed to materialise .
elsewhere labour [kept] its firm grip on scotland as the much vaunted nationalist revival failed to materialise .

After a high turnout poll , Mr Ashdown retained the Somerset seat with 30,950 votes , a majority of 8,833 over the Tories — an increase of 3,133 on 1987 .
after a high turnout poll , mr ashdown [kept] the somerset seat with 30,950 votes , a majority of 8,833 over the tories — an increase of 3,133 on 1987 .

He is retained by the Daily Express and occasionally its diary editor will have dispatched him to cover a party or reception .
he is [kept] by the daily express and occasionally its diary editor will have dispatched him to cover a party or reception .

Trading reached a peak at midnight after the key marginal of Basildon was retained by the Tories .
trading reached a peak at midnight after the key marginal of basildon was [kept] by the tories .

’ Hightown also have their sights set on a double — they have already retained their national indoor title and are intent on securing a place in Europe .
’ hightown also have their sights set on a double — they have already [kept] their national indoor title and are intent on securing a place in europe .

He will need it when the returns are counted and he discovers if he has retained the 4,959 Tory votes of 1987 .
he will need it when the returns are counted and he discovers if he has [kept] the 4,959 tory votes of 1987 .

Later he won an appeal to develop the site providing the facade was retained .
later he won an appeal to develop the site providing the facade was [kept] .

Later he won an appeal to develop the site providing the facade was retained .
later he won an appeal to develop the site providing the facade was [kept] .

Nationalisation saw the basic pattern retained , although the Scottish elements of the London Midland & Scottish and the London & North Eastern Railways were hived off to form a Scottish Region , and the North East based on York also became a separate region .
nationalisation saw the basic pattern [kept] , although the scottish elements of the london midland & scottish and the london & north eastern railways were hived off to form a scottish region , and the north east based on york also became a separate region .

Subsequently , while the total number of 110mph trains was retained some were withdrawn from the Glasgow service in favour of key Manchester and Liverpool business trains .
subsequently , while the total number of 110mph trains was [kept] some were withdrawn from the glasgow service in favour of key manchester and liverpool business trains .

Modular catering cars retained an orthodox grill for that perennial favourite , the Great British Breakfast , which in 1987 accounted for 630,000 out of the total of 1.1 million main meals served .
modular catering cars [kept] an orthodox grill for that perennial favourite , the great british breakfast , which in 1987 accounted for 630,000 out of the total of 1.1 million main meals served .

He retained his northern direct honesty of judgement , was absolutely without pretence and intolerant of humbug ; he could be devastatingly acid in deprecating affectation in others , yet was , in so many ways , unfailingly and practically kind .
he [kept] his northern direct honesty of judgement , was absolutely without pretence and intolerant of humbug ; he could be devastatingly acid in deprecating affectation in others , yet was , in so many ways , unfailingly and practically kind .

Characteristic qualities of a step are likely to be retained because the type of music so decrees , although it will rarely be identical in its performance because it will have been refurbished .
characteristic qualities of a step are likely to be [kept] because the type of music so decrees , although it will rarely be identical in its performance because it will have been refurbished .

Robin Cook , the party 's health spokesman , who retained his executive seat by coming second , said the vote showed the degree to which the party wanted to elect people who devoted their energies to helping Labour to win the next election .
robin cook , the party 's health spokesman , who [kept] his executive seat by coming second , said the vote showed the degree to which the party wanted to elect people who devoted their energies to helping labour to win the next election .

Sales were no problem as the reduction in turnover to £161 million , from £247million in the corresponding half to September 30 translates wih the help of currency gains into a rise of 18 per cent in the businesses retained .
sales were no problem as the reduction in turnover to £161 million , from £247million in the corresponding half to september 30 translates wih the help of currency gains into a rise of 18 per cent in the businesses [kept] .

Complaints procedure : The four-part procedure — complaint , response , comments and final rejoinder — will be retained for appropriate cases but a shorter and speedier process giving each side one opportunity to state its case should be introduced .
complaints procedure : the four-part procedure — complaint , response , comments and final rejoinder — will be [kept] for appropriate cases but a shorter and speedier process giving each side one opportunity to state its case should be introduced .

Sales were no problem as the reduction in turnover to £161 million , from £247million in the corresponding half to September 30 translates wih the help of currency gains into a rise of 18 per cent in the businesses retained .
sales were no problem as the reduction in turnover to £161 million , from £247million in the corresponding half to september 30 translates wih the help of currency gains into a rise of 18 per cent in the businesses [kept] .

The Purnell family still retained an interest in the Framilode site , but by 1841 this too had closed and the mill demolished .
the purnell family still [kept] an interest in the framilode site , but by 1841 this too had closed and the mill demolished .

The next five years saw the site leased out to various tenants , although Knight retained ownership .
the next five years saw the site leased out to various tenants , although knight [kept] ownership .

Shortly afterwards , following disagreements between the two , Peter exchanged the share he had retained in Longfords for William 's share in Dunkirk .
shortly afterwards , following disagreements between the two , peter exchanged the share he had [kept] in longfords for william 's share in dunkirk .

It is intended that care will be taken to ensure that important relics such as the wheels are retained .
it is intended that care will be taken to ensure that important relics such as the wheels are [kept] .

Ownership was retained by the Cambridge family , for that year Mary Cambridge sold it to a Mr Wade .
ownership was [kept] by the cambridge family , for that year mary cambridge sold it to a mr wade .

Although the Shurmur family retained ownership , in 1706 it was leased to Edward Yeate , who was later replaced by his son , still engaged in cloth manufacture in the latter half of the 18th century .
although the shurmur family [kept] ownership , in 1706 it was leased to edward yeate , who was later replaced by his son , still engaged in cloth manufacture in the latter half of the 18th century .

Hawkins retained ownership until 1868 , when Edward Wise bought the mill for £4,900 .
hawkins [kept] ownership until 1868 , when edward wise bought the mill for £4,900 .

It still survives , and has retained vestiges of its water wheels , but is no longer worked as a mill , having become a restaurant .
it still survives , and has [kept] vestiges of its water wheels , but is no longer worked as a mill , having become a restaurant .

For someone who worked in what she believed to be such a hard-nosed profession he retained a sensitive streak .
for someone who worked in what she believed to be such a hard-nosed profession he [kept] a sensitive streak .

It does relate , however , that Tawell retained Sara Hart 's services after his wife 's death and rewarded the young lady with a second child .
it does relate , however , that tawell [kept] sara hart 's services after his wife 's death and rewarded the young lady with a second child .

The church was demolished towards the end of the last century when the new road was laid down , and only the rescued façade was wholly retained .
the church was demolished towards the end of the last century when the new road was laid down , and only the rescued façade was wholly [kept] .

Professor Emery was later retained for the defence , and permitted to conduct a more sophisticated analysis of the laboratory slides which revealed heart and lung defects .
professor emery was later [kept] for the defence , and permitted to conduct a more sophisticated analysis of the laboratory slides which revealed heart and lung defects .

God created us for His own purposes , gave us free will to decide between good and evil , but retained unto Himself the ultimate decisions about the creation of life .
god created us for his own purposes , gave us free will to decide between good and evil , but [kept] unto himself the ultimate decisions about the creation of life .

While the space devoted to most of the individual poets in the earlier edition was sharply reduced , twenty-five of the thirty-three poems by Leapor were retained in 1775 .
while the space devoted to most of the individual poets in the earlier edition was sharply reduced , twenty-five of the thirty-three poems by leapor were [kept] in 1775 .

Woodhouse retained a sense of himself as a shoemaker long after he had gone into the book trade : the title of his most important work ‘ The Life and Lucubrations of Crispinus Scriblerus ’ ( c. 1795 ) is an allusion to one of the patron saints of cobblers .
woodhouse [kept] a sense of himself as a shoemaker long after he had gone into the book trade : the title of his most important work ‘ the life and lucubrations of crispinus scriblerus ’ ( c. 1795 ) is an allusion to one of the patron saints of cobblers .

Papa Curel , who had plagued their lives by playing the trumpet at all hours in the artists ' villa , retained their luggage but allowed the party to take their paintings with them .
papa curel , who had plagued their lives by playing the trumpet at all hours in the artists ' villa , [kept] their luggage but allowed the party to take their paintings with them .

It still retained the same dark blue colour that it had when it was stamped into the passport by a British policeman 32 years earlier ; last exit from Palestine .
it still [kept] the same dark blue colour that it had when it was stamped into the passport by a british policeman 32 years earlier ; last exit from palestine .

She is a mature woman with piled hair of an improbable yellow hue , and a voluptuous bosom on which her reading glasses , retained round her neck by a chain , rest as upon a shelf .
she is a mature woman with piled hair of an improbable yellow hue , and a voluptuous bosom on which her reading glasses , [kept] round her neck by a chain , rest as upon a shelf .

The status which nuclear power achieved because of its link with the defence of the realm was also retained even when its day-to-day operations were more involved with producing peaceful electricity .
the status which nuclear power achieved because of its link with the defence of the realm was also [kept] even when its day-to-day operations were more involved with producing peaceful electricity .

Oppressed groups — the Welsh , for example — possibly retained some sense of a common group experience .
oppressed groups — the welsh , for example — possibly [kept] some sense of a common group experience .

He also began to assert that capitalism would be able to survive class struggles in Europe while it retained its powerful economic base in the colonies .
he also began to assert that capitalism would be able to survive class struggles in europe while it [kept] its powerful economic base in the colonies .

He was from Mumbles on the Gower Peninsula and had retained his melodious Welsh accent .
he was from mumbles on the gower peninsula and had [kept] his melodious welsh accent .

None of these very significant substantive safeguards has been formally retained .
none of these very significant substantive safeguards has been formally [kept] .

But he retained feelings of gratitude for the chances he had been given and he allowed others later to mount several of his works for the University Ballet without expecting any fee .
but he [kept] feelings of gratitude for the chances he had been given and he allowed others later to mount several of his works for the university ballet without expecting any fee .

The men of the Lincolnshire fens ‘ fell upon the Adventurers , broke the sluices , laid waste their lands , threw down their fences ... and forcibly retained possession of the land .
the men of the lincolnshire fens ‘ fell upon the adventurers , broke the sluices , laid waste their lands , threw down their fences ... and forcibly [kept] possession of the land .

By the late 1840s the English race of the great copper butterfly , which had retained its last stronghold around Whittlesey , had become extinct .
by the late 1840s the english race of the great copper butterfly , which had [kept] its last stronghold around whittlesey , had become extinct .

In 1164 , Rainald was deprived of the chancellery , but retained his position as Arch-chancellor for Italy .
in 1164 , rainald was deprived of the chancellery , but [kept] his position as arch-chancellor for italy .

This record is retained permanently , so if a specimen of rock is put into the detecting instrument , and various careful measurements made , it is possible to find out what the Earth 's magnetic field was like at the time when the basalt cooled from its original molten state .
this record is [kept] permanently , so if a specimen of rock is put into the detecting instrument , and various careful measurements made , it is possible to find out what the earth 's magnetic field was like at the time when the basalt cooled from its original molten state .

‘ Lordship ’ had the belligerence of Bertie 's Aunt Agatha , even if he retained her nephew 's lisp .
‘ lordship ’ had the belligerence of bertie 's aunt agatha , even if he [kept] her nephew 's lisp .

Derngate has some very attractive Regency houses which have been retained in original state .
derngate has some very attractive regency houses which have been [kept] in original state .

If you were particularly impressed by any of the candidates you may like to say that you have retained details on file in case anything suitable should turn up in the future .
if you were particularly impressed by any of the candidates you may like to say that you have [kept] details on file in case anything suitable should turn up in the future .

Spatially shifting , but perennial , concentrations of ( frequently exacerbated ) poverty share urban landscapes with the sites of regeneration , which by their very presence offer powerful ideological testament to the life forces of renewal retained by late capitalist growth .
spatially shifting , but perennial , concentrations of ( frequently exacerbated ) poverty share urban landscapes with the sites of regeneration , which by their very presence offer powerful ideological testament to the life forces of renewal [kept] by late capitalist growth .

Although the two countries retained their distinctive systems of law and church government , they had henceforward ‘ one and the same Parliament , to be styled the Parliament of Great Britain ' , common citizenship , a common currency and the same taxes .
although the two countries [kept] their distinctive systems of law and church government , they had henceforward ‘ one and the same parliament , to be styled the parliament of great britain ' , common citizenship , a common currency and the same taxes .

Kleinwort Benson has been retained to advise on a suitable partner .
kleinwort benson has been [kept] to advise on a suitable partner .

They could have been caught while young and retained in captivity , and as the result of hand-feeding and regular handling they would eventually have become quite domesticated .
they could have been caught while young and [kept] in captivity , and as the result of hand-feeding and regular handling they would eventually have become quite domesticated .

There was an inevitable lack of interest when rabbit stocks fell after myxomatosis , and after a very short time there was a corresponding fall in the number of ferrets retained for sporting purposes .
there was an inevitable lack of interest when rabbit stocks fell after myxomatosis , and after a very short time there was a corresponding fall in the number of ferrets [kept] for sporting purposes .

All three still retained the features of their former beauty .
all three still [kept] the features of their former beauty .

Turning now to those carers who said in their first interview that they wanted their relative to remain at home , one would expect that those in the action sample would be more likely to have retained that preference than those in the control sample ( assuming that the project has provided extra home care when needed and therefore indirectly or directly assisted or relieved the principal carers ) .
turning now to those carers who said in their first interview that they wanted their relative to remain at home , one would expect that those in the action sample would be more likely to have [kept] that preference than those in the control sample ( assuming that the project has provided extra home care when needed and therefore indirectly or directly assisted or relieved the principal carers ) .

The cows are particularly milky and can give high ratios of calf weaning weight to cow weight ; they calve easily and have retained the Highland 's strong mothering instinct .
the cows are particularly milky and can give high ratios of calf weaning weight to cow weight ; they calve easily and have [kept] the highland 's strong mothering instinct .

The coat is thick , soft and fairly long , especially in winter , and the thickness is retained in cold weather ; the coat is shed in warmer weather and it remains sleek in hot climates .
the coat is thick , soft and fairly long , especially in winter , and the thickness is [kept] in cold weather ; the coat is shed in warmer weather and it remains sleek in hot climates .

Though less fat today , it remains massive in build and has retained enough of its original milking capacity to make an excellent suckler cow , with high conception and calving rates , and a hardiness and placidity that make management a pleasure .
though less fat today , it remains massive in build and has [kept] enough of its original milking capacity to make an excellent suckler cow , with high conception and calving rates , and a hardiness and placidity that make management a pleasure .

The potential for growth had been retained and it is said that some of today 's bulls gain weight faster than continental breeds such as the Charolais ; the meat itself is now of much better quality .
the potential for growth had been [kept] and it is said that some of today 's bulls gain weight faster than continental breeds such as the charolais ; the meat itself is now of much better quality .

It has retained the strong legs and good feet of a draught animal , so that it can travel long distances over rough terrain on the range , and it has proved able to withstand the stress of drought better than other Bos taurus breeds .
it has [kept] the strong legs and good feet of a draught animal , so that it can travel long distances over rough terrain on the range , and it has proved able to withstand the stress of drought better than other bos taurus breeds .

Always a big , fleshy animal , it retained its large frame when many other British cattle became fashionably short-legged and stocky in the 1940s .
always a big , fleshy animal , it [kept] its large frame when many other british cattle became fashionably short-legged and stocky in the 1940s .

Being used for draught work until quite recently , the French animals retained their size at a time when British cattle were deliberately bred smaller and more short-legged , and these bigger , muscular , fast-growing and later maturing French types now meet today 's demands for lean ‘ supermarket ’ meat cuts .
being used for draught work until quite recently , the french animals [kept] their size at a time when british cattle were deliberately bred smaller and more short-legged , and these bigger , muscular , fast-growing and later maturing french types now meet today 's demands for lean ‘ supermarket ’ meat cuts .

It had therefore retained , almost uniquely , the suitably balanced carcass of a true meat breed , in contrast to the strong-shouldered , strong-necked draught types in which all the bulk was thrown forwards into the cheaper meat-cut areas .
it had therefore [kept] , almost uniquely , the suitably balanced carcass of a true meat breed , in contrast to the strong-shouldered , strong-necked draught types in which all the bulk was thrown forwards into the cheaper meat-cut areas .

Although the rural district councils were swept away , the 1972 Act retained all existing parish councils in England .
although the rural district councils were swept away , the 1972 act [kept] all existing parish councils in england .

If , for example , the normal retiring age for a post is 60 , those who are retained over this age may be discarded at any time by the employer .
if , for example , the normal retiring age for a post is 60 , those who are [kept] over this age may be discarded at any time by the employer .

Frensham Athletic retained the Farnham Sunday League Challenge Cup when they defeated Prince of Wales ( Whitehill ) 1–0 in the final at Petersfield 's Love Lane ground on Sunday .
frensham athletic [kept] the farnham sunday league challenge cup when they defeated prince of wales ( whitehill ) 1–0 in the final at petersfield 's love lane ground on sunday .

Librarians claimed that it was extremely difficult to predict a ‘ useful book ’ , in research terms , and that those who retained only titles which were currently in demand would create serious problems for future researchers .
librarians claimed that it was extremely difficult to predict a ‘ useful book ’ , in research terms , and that those who [kept] only titles which were currently in demand would create serious problems for future researchers .

’ Short loans collections are often responsible for half of the total circulation of an academic library , and automated circulation analysis permits a high degree of accuracy in decisions on the quantities and loan status of titles retained there .
’ short loans collections are often responsible for half of the total circulation of an academic library , and automated circulation analysis permits a high degree of accuracy in decisions on the quantities and loan status of titles [kept] there .

She found that of the 16 libraries which retained archive files of statistics , the following principal uses were recorded : monitoring book use for duplication of titles ( 10 libraries ) ; fund allocation ( 5 ) ; monitoring book use for change of loan status of books ( 5 ) ; and for relegation purposes ( 5 ) ; examination of interdisciplinary use of stock ( 3 ) ; monitoring loans for possible changes in loan regulations ( 2 ) .
she found that of the 16 libraries which [kept] archive files of statistics , the following principal uses were recorded : monitoring book use for duplication of titles ( 10 libraries ) ; fund allocation ( 5 ) ; monitoring book use for change of loan status of books ( 5 ) ; and for relegation purposes ( 5 ) ; examination of interdisciplinary use of stock ( 3 ) ; monitoring loans for possible changes in loan regulations ( 2 ) .

On the other hand most research materials are retained in stock indefinitely , so that for any work where the condition has seriously deteriorated the tendency is to bind rather than to discard .
on the other hand most research materials are [kept] in stock indefinitely , so that for any work where the condition has seriously deteriorated the tendency is to bind rather than to discard .

The stocking density limit on sheep ( 6 per hectare ) above which no further HLCAs are paid should be retained ; there appears to be no reason to alter the existing lack of any stocking density maximum for cattle .
the stocking density limit on sheep ( 6 per hectare ) above which no further hlcas are paid should be [kept] ; there appears to be no reason to alter the existing lack of any stocking density maximum for cattle .

But the feeling was expressed that recruits who prove unsuitable should not be retained .
but the feeling was expressed that recruits who prove unsuitable should not be [kept] .

Norbreck in the Twenties still retained the old red-brick Company waiting room .
norbreck in the twenties still [kept] the old red-brick company waiting room .

The track and overhead in Squires Gate Lane was retained during the War to allow trams to reach the St. Annes depot there , if air-raid dispersal of the Blackpool fleet became necessary .
the track and overhead in squires gate lane was [kept] during the war to allow trams to reach the st. annes depot there , if air-raid dispersal of the blackpool fleet became necessary .

The original saloon length is retained .
the original saloon length is [kept] .

This distinctive feature may have been retained to convince a money-conscious Council that they were rebuilds rather than new cars !
this distinctive feature may have been [kept] to convince a money-conscious council that they were rebuilds rather than new cars !

Although by 1939 a total of 104 new trams had been delivered since 1933 , there was still a requirement for some new cars to replace the old open-sided Fleetwood cars which had been retained for seasonal use .
although by 1939 a total of 104 new trams had been delivered since 1933 , there was still a requirement for some new cars to replace the old open-sided fleetwood cars which had been [kept] for seasonal use .

When the Company 's lease expired in 1892 , Lancaster 's services as manager were retained , thus giving him the distinction of being the first electric street tramway Manager , and upon his death the longest-serving .
when the company 's lease expired in 1892 , lancaster 's services as manager were [kept] , thus giving him the distinction of being the first electric street tramway manager , and upon his death the longest-serving .

Five hundred people were employed by the company in the mid-nineteenth century , but after various changes in ownership , the Coalport business was moved to Staffordshire after the First World War , though the name was retained and the firm continued to prosper .
five hundred people were employed by the company in the mid-nineteenth century , but after various changes in ownership , the coalport business was moved to staffordshire after the first world war , though the name was [kept] and the firm continued to prosper .

It takes place where an employee 's work disappears , but he is retained and another employee is dismissed instead .
it takes place where an employee 's work disappears , but he is [kept] and another employee is dismissed instead .

If a person retained at your expense has a significantly worse record in terms of attendance or misconduct , it will be worth drawing the matter to your employer 's attention to see whether his view changes upon mature reflection .
if a person [kept] at your expense has a significantly worse record in terms of attendance or misconduct , it will be worth drawing the matter to your employer 's attention to see whether his view changes upon mature reflection .

But if your company has retained a good deal of discretion on key matters , it may be able to impose major changes on your working life without giving rise to a constructive dismissal claim .
but if your company has [kept] a good deal of discretion on key matters , it may be able to impose major changes on your working life without giving rise to a constructive dismissal claim .

Speaking of the event almost fifty years later , Wordsworth said that both he and his sister retained ‘ the liveliest possible image ’ of Coleridge in that moment , and Coleridge himself regarded the warmth with which he was received at Racedown as a standard against which all other greetings could be measured and found to fall short .
speaking of the event almost fifty years later , wordsworth said that both he and his sister [kept] ‘ the liveliest possible image ’ of coleridge in that moment , and coleridge himself regarded the warmth with which he was received at racedown as a standard against which all other greetings could be measured and found to fall short .

When he returned to his room Coleridge was mortified to discover that ‘ though he still retained some vague and dim recollection of the general purport of the vision , yet , with the exception of some eight or ten scattered lines and images , all the rest had passed away like the images on the surface of a stream into which a stone has been cast … ’
when he returned to his room coleridge was mortified to discover that ‘ though he still [kept] some vague and dim recollection of the general purport of the vision , yet , with the exception of some eight or ten scattered lines and images , all the rest had passed away like the images on the surface of a stream into which a stone has been cast … ’

The following model has been retained : Quartz , Ferroan Dolomite ( or ankerite ) , Illite , Kaolinite , Haematite , Special Mineral ( Mica to combine Biotite , Chlorite , Muscovite ) .
the following model has been [kept] : quartz , ferroan dolomite ( or ankerite ) , illite , kaolinite , haematite , special mineral ( mica to combine biotite , chlorite , muscovite ) .

Due to the difficulties in obtaining reliable saturation exponent values from core date , we have retained the traditional n = 2 for log evaluation .
due to the difficulties in obtaining reliable saturation exponent values from core date , we have [kept] the traditional n = 2 for log evaluation .

The functional description also recognised the need to agree and implement an archiving and purging policy , making use of the Council 's central records office for storing information that had to be retained but was no longer in regular use .
the functional description also recognised the need to agree and implement an archiving and purging policy , making use of the council 's central records office for storing information that had to be [kept] but was no longer in regular use .

Collecting information would be improved by making the officer who generated or handled information objects responsible for transferring the master copy to the central storage system , a back-up copy being retained on file for use when the master is already on loan and further copies are required .
collecting information would be improved by making the officer who generated or handled information objects responsible for transferring the master copy to the central storage system , a back-up copy being [kept] on file for use when the master is already on loan and further copies are required .

Despite , in many instances , retained professional lines of accountability , the decision-making about resources to deliver nursing care , or to engage para-medic services , lies with the director .
despite , in many instances , [kept] professional lines of accountability , the decision-making about resources to deliver nursing care , or to engage para-medic services , lies with the director .

The same will be held even if he has paid off his own creditors from that money , for what is retained in the body of the patrimony is not taken away .
the same will be held even if he has paid off his own creditors from that money , for what is [kept] in the body of the patrimony is not taken away .

Someone who has received an object in exchange is like a buyer ; and so is someone who has received it in payment or retained it after settlement of a law suit or obtained it on the basis of a promise otherwise than as a gift .
someone who has received an object in exchange is like a buyer ; and so is someone who has received it in payment or [kept] it after settlement of a law suit or obtained it on the basis of a promise otherwise than as a gift .

In sum : the classical law of trusts had already lost the advantage of capacity , but it retained the advantages of being bound to neither testamentary heir , nor form , nor formulary procedure .
in sum : the classical law of trusts had already lost the advantage of capacity , but it [kept] the advantages of being bound to neither testamentary heir , nor form , nor formulary procedure .

Yet even the post-classical trust retained its independence of a testamentary heir .
yet even the post-classical trust [kept] its independence of a testamentary heir .

And , as the cardboard cylinder could be removed and replaced without crinkles , the recording retained its clarity .
and , as the cardboard cylinder could be removed and replaced without crinkles , the recording [kept] its clarity .

Mrs. Whitlock retained the pre-war length of dress , almost to the ground and covered by a voluminous apron made from discarded sugar sacks .
mrs. whitlock [kept] the pre-war length of dress , almost to the ground and covered by a voluminous apron made from discarded sugar sacks .

Moreover , not all the bones from a single carcase may be regurgitated in the same pellet , for in a study on tawny owl digestion using marked carcases , Lowe ( 1980 ) showed that some bones may be retained for 24 to 48 hours while others from the same animal were regurgitated earlier .
moreover , not all the bones from a single carcase may be regurgitated in the same pellet , for in a study on tawny owl digestion using marked carcases , lowe ( 1980 ) showed that some bones may be [kept] for 24 to 48 hours while others from the same animal were regurgitated earlier .

They and three charwomen at Wolverton kept their ‘ perks ’ as long as they retained their positions , at the prevailing salaries , but no longer .
they and three charwomen at wolverton kept their ‘ perks ’ as long as they [kept] their positions , at the prevailing salaries , but no longer .

Stan became our skipper in the second game of his Palace career at Walsall and he retained the captaincy throughout his time with us .
stan became our skipper in the second game of his palace career at walsall and he [kept] the captaincy throughout his time with us .

Whibley 's effectiveness can be measured by the fact that he retained his position on the Palace flank while assisting us from Southern League also-rans to 3rd Division champions , and to a dignified place in Division Two .
whibley 's effectiveness can be measured by the fact that he [kept] his position on the palace flank while assisting us from southern league also-rans to 3rd division champions , and to a dignified place in division two .

It has recently been deepened and widened to accommodate more boats but the picturesque setting has been retained .
it has recently been deepened and widened to accommodate more boats but the picturesque setting has been [kept] .

What that experience demonstrates is that the teacher very rarely uses the voluminous information , which is nevertheless conscientiously stored and retained .
what that experience demonstrates is that the teacher very rarely uses the voluminous information , which is nevertheless conscientiously stored and [kept] .

The grosser absurdities of the consultative document have disappeared , and it is now apparent that the cross-curricular elements ( those aspects of learning that will not slot into the conventional ‘ subject ’ boxes yet are still too important to be left to chance ) are going ( somehow ) to be retained .
the grosser absurdities of the consultative document have disappeared , and it is now apparent that the cross-curricular elements ( those aspects of learning that will not slot into the conventional ‘ subject ’ boxes yet are still too important to be left to chance ) are going ( somehow ) to be [kept] .

The latter , s.92(1) ( f ) , a sweeping up provision , would include , for example , ‘ any pond , pool , ditch , gutter or watercourse prejudicial to health or a nuisance ’ , designated a statutory nuisance by s.259(1) ( a ) , and under s.101 certain smoke nuisances , the Clean Air Act 1956 having introduced a new system of control over emissions from chimneys but retained certain emissions as statutory nuisances subject to the control of the 1936 Act .
the latter , s.92(1) ( f ) , a sweeping up provision , would include , for example , ‘ any pond , pool , ditch , gutter or watercourse prejudicial to health or a nuisance ’ , designated a statutory nuisance by s.259(1) ( a ) , and under s.101 certain smoke nuisances , the clean air act 1956 having introduced a new system of control over emissions from chimneys but [kept] certain emissions as statutory nuisances subject to the control of the 1936 act .

In England the Local Government Act ( 1972 ) redrew the boundaries of local government and created a mixed system , in which major metropolitan areas retained powerful district councils whose responsibility included education , housing and social services , while in non-metropolitan areas education and social services were the responsibility of county councils , which also had the tasks of strategic ( structure ) planning .
in england the local government act ( 1972 ) redrew the boundaries of local government and created a mixed system , in which major metropolitan areas [kept] powerful district councils whose responsibility included education , housing and social services , while in non-metropolitan areas education and social services were the responsibility of county councils , which also had the tasks of strategic ( structure ) planning .

There are first of all mandatory exceptions , to be retained centrally by all LEAs and not delegated to schools .
there are first of all mandatory exceptions , to be [kept] centrally by all leas and not delegated to schools .

Cy McCray was a tough little American jockey who had settled in Britain and was now retained by the Ian Gardem stable .
cy mccray was a tough little american jockey who had settled in britain and was now [kept] by the ian gardem stable .

Today his seducer was a respected Tory backbencher while Henry — in this as in all other matters of pleasure , a broad-minded man — had retained a part-time interest in members of his own sex .
today his seducer was a respected tory backbencher while henry — in this as in all other matters of pleasure , a broad-minded man — had [kept] a part-time interest in members of his own sex .

There was talk in the racing press of her being retained by one of the country 's top trainers for next season , but that was the first she 'd heard about it .
there was talk in the racing press of her being [kept] by one of the country 's top trainers for next season , but that was the first she 'd heard about it .

Cy McCray was riding one of the joint favourites and , somewhat to her surprise , Harry Short had retained Damien Gould to ride Heraldic , a three-year-old with negligible form .
cy mccray was riding one of the joint favourites and , somewhat to her surprise , harry short had [kept] damien gould to ride heraldic , a three-year-old with negligible form .

When the time came to launch a leading brand of canned pork and beans in the Canadian market , the advertising company decided to continue the campaign that had worked successfully in other English-speaking areas , and retained the name Big John 's .
when the time came to launch a leading brand of canned pork and beans in the canadian market , the advertising company decided to continue the campaign that had worked successfully in other english-speaking areas , and [kept] the name big john 's .

Two urethral injections of argyrol ( 10 % ) are then given and retained five minutes .
two urethral injections of argyrol ( 10 % ) are then given and [kept] five minutes .

They were equally trusting in sending country customers goods ‘ on approval ’ , selected from catalogues received in the mail which they retained and paid for by cheque , or returned .
they were equally trusting in sending country customers goods ‘ on approval ’ , selected from catalogues received in the mail which they [kept] and paid for by cheque , or returned .

According to this , when King Oswy gave the land for a monastery to St Hilda , he retained the hunting rights .
according to this , when king oswy gave the land for a monastery to st hilda , he [kept] the hunting rights .

Professional championships being held in Switzerland on the same weekend had narrowed the field , but perhaps caused a more local feeling to be retained .
professional championships being held in switzerland on the same weekend had narrowed the field , but perhaps caused a more local feeling to be [kept] .

Mr Young looked bored , as if he had tired of the subject a long time ago , but his wife retained her sweet comforting expression without any visible effort .
mr young looked bored , as if he had tired of the subject a long time ago , but his wife [kept] her sweet comforting expression without any visible effort .

With 27 branches nationwide , Beaverbrooks has retained its outstanding reputation for fine quality jewellery and is still run as a family concern , with customer satisfaction the most important guiding principle .
with 27 branches nationwide , beaverbrooks has [kept] its outstanding reputation for fine quality jewellery and is still run as a family concern , with customer satisfaction the most important guiding principle .

He described the region as one of the few remaining pristine areas of the world , which must be retained for long term investigation .
he described the region as one of the few remaining pristine areas of the world , which must be [kept] for long term investigation .

He has also retained a lot of the old emphasis .
he has also [kept] a lot of the old emphasis .

In addition , derelict land was , until recently , being created faster than it could be reclaimed , Although there are areas of derelict land that should be retained for some of the reasons given by John Gordon , and research sponsored by the Department of the Environment has sought to identify these for appropriate use , there are still far larger areas that , due to the many constraints of the substrates that need to be overcome , are eyesores , health hazards and potential lethal risks to the communities that have to live surrounded by them .
in addition , derelict land was , until recently , being created faster than it could be reclaimed , although there are areas of derelict land that should be [kept] for some of the reasons given by john gordon , and research sponsored by the department of the environment has sought to identify these for appropriate use , there are still far larger areas that , due to the many constraints of the substrates that need to be overcome , are eyesores , health hazards and potential lethal risks to the communities that have to live surrounded by them .

however , a means of switching to petrol for starting or to meet heavy-load surges is usually retained ; so that the fuel saving is less than 100 per cent .
however , a means of switching to petrol for starting or to meet heavy-load surges is usually [kept] ; so that the fuel saving is less than 100 per cent .

Anthropologists disagree over whether these early australopithecines retained a chimplike ability to climb trees , despite the evident bipedal features of their anatomy .
anthropologists disagree over whether these early australopithecines [kept] a chimplike ability to climb trees , despite the evident bipedal features of their anatomy .

In some species that are heavily preyed upon , such as the Polynesian blue-tailed skink , the tail colour is unusually retained right through into adulthood .
in some species that are heavily preyed upon , such as the polynesian blue-tailed skink , the tail colour is unusually [kept] right through into adulthood .

In these they were subject to varying degrees of revision and improvement , yet retained a number of the shortcomings resulting from their initial hurried drafts .
in these they were subject to varying degrees of revision and improvement , yet [kept] a number of the shortcomings resulting from their initial hurried drafts .

Gradually syllabuses are shedding that heavy load of world history , though a somewhat indigestible mass of early African history is often retained together with analysis of the structure and working of central and local government .
gradually syllabuses are shedding that heavy load of world history , though a somewhat indigestible mass of early african history is often [kept] together with analysis of the structure and working of central and local government .

Walter received the land between the rivers Irvine and Ayr , called Stewart Kyle , and the King retained the land between the rivers Ayr and Doon , called King 's Kyle .
walter received the land between the rivers irvine and ayr , called stewart kyle , and the king [kept] the land between the rivers ayr and doon , called king 's kyle .

Although out of farming , he had retained his interest in Clydesdales and was in demand as a show ring judge .
although out of farming , he had [kept] his interest in clydesdales and was in demand as a show ring judge .

Many farmers still retained some milk for cheesemaking but regulations on the production and use of milk during the Second World War almost brought farmhouse production to a halt and it has never been resumed on an appreciable scale .
many farmers still [kept] some milk for cheesemaking but regulations on the production and use of milk during the second world war almost brought farmhouse production to a halt and it has never been resumed on an appreciable scale .

In the meantime , archery had retained its appeal in a few places around the country , two of them being the neighbouring Ayrshire towns of Irvine and Kilwinning , in both of which contests were held annually .
in the meantime , archery had [kept] its appeal in a few places around the country , two of them being the neighbouring ayrshire towns of irvine and kilwinning , in both of which contests were held annually .

He returned it to the Society and it was agreed that the arrow would be retained from then on as the Papingo Trophy , with each winner adding a gold or silver medal bearing his name and the year of his success .
he returned it to the society and it was agreed that the arrow would be [kept] from then on as the papingo trophy , with each winner adding a gold or silver medal bearing his name and the year of his success .

It would seem that these moves , the deification of Jesus Christ , and the introduction of the Holy Ghost , were the outcome of the obstinate intention to apply to the new religion the utterly unalterable condition that the ancient ‘ god ’ of the original scriptures must , at all costs be retained .
it would seem that these moves , the deification of jesus christ , and the introduction of the holy ghost , were the outcome of the obstinate intention to apply to the new religion the utterly unalterable condition that the ancient ‘ god ’ of the original scriptures must , at all costs be [kept] .

For example , he could not enjoy the power and obvious pleasures of flight , in all probability experienced at some evolutionary stage and retained as a residual ‘ desire ’ , and at the same time be strong enough to do other desired things .
for example , he could not enjoy the power and obvious pleasures of flight , in all probability experienced at some evolutionary stage and [kept] as a residual ‘ desire ’ , and at the same time be strong enough to do other desired things .

Even after adulthood and the break-up of the family , the parents would themselves certainly have retained , from their own babyhoods , those residual longings for the comfort of the father figure .
even after adulthood and the break-up of the family , the parents would themselves certainly have [kept] , from their own babyhoods , those residual longings for the comfort of the father figure .

However , there will be , for a very long time , others who will believe that their interests and ambitions can best be served if the First Choice were to be retained as the basic guide to human development .
however , there will be , for a very long time , others who will believe that their interests and ambitions can best be served if the first choice were to be [kept] as the basic guide to human development .

If they were children , they could be betrothed , but the Church insisted that they retained the right of refusing their consent to the marriage when they grew up .
if they were children , they could be betrothed , but the church insisted that they [kept] the right of refusing their consent to the marriage when they grew up .

Southampton is a major seaside resort with grand houses along the sea front , but it has retained its old community , with a village atmosphere where the old houses stand .
southampton is a major seaside resort with grand houses along the sea front , but it has [kept] its old community , with a village atmosphere where the old houses stand .

State aid was accepted for the school , although the Church still retained some control .
state aid was accepted for the school , although the church still [kept] some control .

Mrs. Jarrett had also contributed to the Le Court admissions policy document which was written in 1978 and is used as a guideline to ensure that the ethos of the home is retained .
mrs. jarrett had also contributed to the le court admissions policy document which was written in 1978 and is used as a guideline to ensure that the ethos of the home is [kept] .

The consultancy have been retained by the Thames Valley offices of leading international accountants and business advisers Ernst and Young following a period of ad hoc work for the firm in Reading and Swindon .
the consultancy have been [kept] by the thames valley offices of leading international accountants and business advisers ernst and young following a period of ad hoc work for the firm in reading and swindon .

On the Friday Daley Thompson successfully beat off the German challenge and retained his decathlon crown , and Roger Black , just twenty years of age , added not only a European title to his Commonwealth gold but a new British record as well .
on the friday daley thompson successfully beat off the german challenge and [kept] his decathlon crown , and roger black , just twenty years of age , added not only a european title to his commonwealth gold but a new british record as well .

Each point was ‘ nudged ’ randomly within its own grid square , so that the overall clustering was retained but any alignments destroyed .
each point was ‘ nudged ’ randomly within its own grid square , so that the overall clustering was [kept] but any alignments destroyed .

Within Christianity there have always been strands , such as the Templars , Cathars and Rosicrucians , that have retained an awareness of the old secrets .
within christianity there have always been strands , such as the templars , cathars and rosicrucians , that have [kept] an awareness of the old secrets .

It is also certain that whilst the leaders of a community may have , possibly for political expediency , formally converted to Christianity , most people retained their pagan beliefs and practices .
it is also certain that whilst the leaders of a community may have , possibly for political expediency , formally converted to christianity , most people [kept] their pagan beliefs and practices .

However , adequate specific activity can normally be retained within the biolayer itself .
however , adequate specific activity can normally be [kept] within the biolayer itself .

After his education , he was apprenticed to his father 's coach-building premises , graduating after three years to an office position which he retained until his father retired in 1890 .
after his education , he was apprenticed to his father 's coach-building premises , graduating after three years to an office position which he [kept] until his father retired in 1890 .

Born in Wakefield , Yorkshire , he lost hearing at the age of 8 but to his death retained his speech .
born in wakefield , yorkshire , he lost hearing at the age of 8 but to his death [kept] his speech .

The new building was opened with great fanfare in January 1895 , and the grateful deaf members appointed William Agnew a director , a position he retained until his death after a long illness in 1914 .
the new building was opened with great fanfare in january 1895 , and the grateful deaf members appointed william agnew a director , a position he [kept] until his death after a long illness in 1914 .

Very few deaf men and women of ability came through to lead the rest : the clergy retained a powerful grip on the affairs of deaf people , and the age of paternalism was at a high .
very few deaf men and women of ability came through to lead the rest : the clergy [kept] a powerful grip on the affairs of deaf people , and the age of paternalism was at a high .

If the senior invigilator considers that annotation of prescribed texts used in an examination could give a candidate an unfair advantage , the texts may be retained at the end of the examination .
if the senior invigilator considers that annotation of prescribed texts used in an examination could give a candidate an unfair advantage , the texts may be [kept] at the end of the examination .

’ Learning is a change in human disposition or capability which can be retained , and which is not simply ascribable to the process of growth . ’ Gagné
’ learning is a change in human disposition or capability which can be [kept] , and which is not simply ascribable to the process of growth . ’ gagné

The summary may be retained , since headings of the lesson plan usually make a good outline for students ’ notes .
the summary may be [kept] , since headings of the lesson plan usually make a good outline for students ’ notes .

Use cheaper paper if the communication is not to be retained .
use cheaper paper if the communication is not to be [kept] .

The sheet can be retained for revision purposes .
the sheet can be [kept] for revision purposes .

Customer confidence must be retained if a bank is to operate successfully in the modern world .
customer confidence must be [kept] if a bank is to operate successfully in the modern world .

The Major still retained the grip on his arm as though reluctant to let him go .
the major still [kept] the grip on his arm as though reluctant to let him go .

The three departments , however , do use official statistics in the detailed studies which are done from time to time on a one-off basis . The published statistics are therefore retained for this purpose , but , as one company commented , their use is , however , so infrequent that it has difficulty in locating the relevant data when they are needed !
the three departments , however , do use official statistics in the detailed studies which are done from time to time on a one-off basis . the published statistics are therefore [kept] for this purpose , but , as one company commented , their use is , however , so infrequent that it has difficulty in locating the relevant data when they are needed !

The first group of three do not keep newspapers or magazines in hard copy at all except for the specialist journals which are retained for one year .
the first group of three do not keep newspapers or magazines in hard copy at all except for the specialist journals which are [kept] for one year .

It was , however , retained by Benedictine writers , and local historians will do well to note this , for some confusion can be caused to the unwary or uninformed researcher .
it was , however , [kept] by benedictine writers , and local historians will do well to note this , for some confusion can be caused to the unwary or uninformed researcher .

This system has little impact on English local history , except in those cases where Anglo-Norman magnates retained interests in France which bore a relation to their holdings in England .
this system has little impact on english local history , except in those cases where anglo-norman magnates [kept] interests in france which bore a relation to their holdings in england .

Until the 1970s , at least , whites retained a virtual monopoly on skilled labour by means of a system of job reservation .
until the 1970s , at least , whites [kept] a virtual monopoly on skilled labour by means of a system of job reservation .

The terrible truth is that many of them involved in damages or divorce cases in America are retained on a percentage basis .
the terrible truth is that many of them involved in damages or divorce cases in america are [kept] on a percentage basis .

Even if the political status of the Task Force within Merseyside began to wane after Heseltine 's departure from the Department of the Environment , one central objective of that initiative was to be retained : the co-ordination of central-government activity within the major conurbations .
even if the political status of the task force within merseyside began to wane after heseltine 's departure from the department of the environment , one central objective of that initiative was to be [kept] : the co-ordination of central-government activity within the major conurbations .

Employment protection legislation was to be retained , and tax havens were eventually ruled out because of the problems of potential abuse by incoming companies or firms moving some plant into the zones .
employment protection legislation was to be [kept] , and tax havens were eventually ruled out because of the problems of potential abuse by incoming companies or firms moving some plant into the zones .

As the first set of declaration reports were produced , it became apparent that development within the zones would not be significantly different from what would have occurred anyway ( Corby District Council , 1981 ; Newcastle upon Tyne , 1981 ; Swansea City Council , 1981 ) : planning controls were often retained along zone boundaries ; Special Industrial Uses , including noxious and dangerous processes , were still subject to control ; and , on occasion , environmental improvements were written into declaration reports .
as the first set of declaration reports were produced , it became apparent that development within the zones would not be significantly different from what would have occurred anyway ( corby district council , 1981 ; newcastle upon tyne , 1981 ; swansea city council , 1981 ) : planning controls were often [kept] along zone boundaries ; special industrial uses , including noxious and dangerous processes , were still subject to control ; and , on occasion , environmental improvements were written into declaration reports .

Jim Baxter was transferred to Rangers for £27 , 000 but in a strange inter-club arrangement he was retained at Starks Park for a further three months .
jim baxter was transferred to rangers for £27 , 000 but in a strange inter-club arrangement he was [kept] at starks park for a further three months .

The Office of Works considered this to be too expensive in land acquisition and Burton then prepared another scheme , which was confined to Crown land , retained Fludyer 's house and No .
the office of works considered this to be too expensive in land acquisition and burton then prepared another scheme , which was confined to crown land , [kept] fludyer 's house and no .

As he showed in a report , dated 30th March , 1839 , to the Commissioners of Woods and Forests , the existing offices could be retained until the new block was complete , and it could form the first stage in a complete rebuilding of both sides of Downing Street .
as he showed in a report , dated 30th march , 1839 , to the commissioners of woods and forests , the existing offices could be [kept] until the new block was complete , and it could form the first stage in a complete rebuilding of both sides of downing street .

He retained his private practice as a quantity surveyor from his office at No .
he [kept] his private practice as a quantity surveyor from his office at no .

It felt that the date for the block plan could be retained , but the time for the two office designs should be extended to spring 1858 .
it felt that the date for the block plan could be [kept] , but the time for the two office designs should be extended to spring 1858 .

However , his new design was arranged so that it could be retained .
however , his new design was arranged so that it could be [kept] .

More than a half-century of research has failed to show any learning beneﬁts for children retained in grade , and mounting evidence indicates that retention can be harmful , prompting negative attitudes toward school and a drop in self-esteem and in academic motivation , even as early as kindergarten.46 In one study , retained kindergarten children , despite the extra year of school , scored lower than their classmates in academic achievement after entering the primary grades .
more than a half-century of research has failed to show any learning beneﬁts for children [kept] in grade , and mounting evidence indicates that retention can be harmful , prompting negative attitudes toward school and a drop in self-esteem and in academic motivation , even as early as kindergarten.46 in one study , [kept] kindergarten children , despite the extra year of school , scored lower than their classmates in academic achievement after entering the primary grades .

It also recommends against school readiness testing as a means for deciding whether a child should be admitted to kindergarten , be retained in kindergarten , or enroll in a “ transition ” class rather than a ﬁrst-grade class after completing kindergarten.49 School readiness tests are poor predictors of children ’ s future school performance and identify many children as unready who are quite ready to handle school experiences .
it also recommends against school readiness testing as a means for deciding whether a child should be admitted to kindergarten , be [kept] in kindergarten , or enroll in a “ transition ” class rather than a ﬁrst-grade class after completing kindergarten.49 school readiness tests are poor predictors of children ’ s future school performance and identify many children as unready who are quite ready to handle school experiences .

Once constructed , this persisting psychological self serves as an anchor for unique experiences , which are retained easily as long as they become personally meaningful.65 A psychological self is not ﬁrmly in place until age 3 or 4 .
once constructed , this persisting psychological self serves as an anchor for unique experiences , which are [kept] easily as long as they become personally meaningful.65 a psychological self is not ﬁrmly in place until age 3 or 4 .

The metropolitan suburbs increased housing units in the 1950s through the 1980s far faster than the inner cities or the rural suburbs.8 Because inner cities retained a high proportion of lower income families , increased purchasing power for shelter , food , and clothing shifted to the suburbs .
the metropolitan suburbs increased housing units in the 1950s through the 1980s far faster than the inner cities or the rural suburbs.8 because inner cities [kept] a high proportion of lower income families , increased purchasing power for shelter , food , and clothing shifted to the suburbs .

Some states , for example , Mississippi , retained Prohibition for many more years .
some states , for example , mississippi , [kept] prohibition for many more years .

The Constitution nominally retained the electoral college as a way of giving lip service to the states , but it is clear that the popular vote expresses the will of the nation .
the constitution nominally [kept] the electoral college as a way of giving lip service to the states , but it is clear that the popular vote expresses the will of the nation .

The key phrase in his reading of the Declaration is not the commitment to equality but the clause immediately following : “ that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness. ” Black imagines these words coupled with the language of the Ninth Amendment , which implies an unspecified catalogue of rights “ retained by the people. ” These “ inalienable rights ” should express themselves in a catalogue of human rights , including the right to sexual privacy , to reproductive freedom , and to governmental services necessary for the “ pursuit of happiness. ” 32 The latter might plausibly encompass education , medical care , a minimal standard of welfare , and perhaps even guaranteed employment .
the key phrase in his reading of the declaration is not the commitment to equality but the clause immediately following : “ that they are endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness. ” black imagines these words coupled with the language of the ninth amendment , which implies an unspecified catalogue of rights “ [kept] by the people. ” these “ inalienable rights ” should express themselves in a catalogue of human rights , including the right to sexual privacy , to reproductive freedom , and to governmental services necessary for the “ pursuit of happiness. ” 32 the latter might plausibly encompass education , medical care , a minimal standard of welfare , and perhaps even guaranteed employment .

The content of his argument reverts back to the language of rights , inalienable rights , rights retained by the people .
the content of his argument reverts back to the language of rights , inalienable rights , rights [kept] by the people .

Britain seized Gibraltar — in the name of the Hapsburg claimant — and retained it when the war was over .
britain seized gibraltar — in the name of the hapsburg claimant — and [kept] it when the war was over .

In 1871 under the Third Republic , Martinique and Guadeloupe were granted representation in the National Assembly in Paris , which they have retained ever since .
in 1871 under the third republic , martinique and guadeloupe were granted representation in the national assembly in paris , which they have [kept] ever since .

Through the western Seishomon Gate is the Shishinden ceremonial hall , where emperors are enthroned — a privilege retained by Kyoto after the move to Tokyo — and where New Year ’ s audiences are held .
through the western seishomon gate is the shishinden ceremonial hall , where emperors are enthroned — a privilege [kept] by kyoto after the move to tokyo — and where new year ’ s audiences are held .

Most of the cities remained under its domination until the 15th century , yet retained much of their individuality .
most of the cities remained under its domination until the 15th century , yet [kept] much of their individuality .

It has retained the grid-like layout of its origins as Taurinorum , a Roman castrum .
it has [kept] the grid-like layout of its origins as taurinorum , a roman castrum .

Saint-Tropez Discovered by the film stars of the 1950s , Saint-Tropez has retained its popularity with fashion photographers , models , and sundry groupies of the good life .
saint-tropez discovered by the film stars of the 1950s , saint-tropez has [kept] its popularity with fashion photographers , models , and sundry groupies of the good life .

Armed with canes decorated with bunches of rosemary , the participants proceed on foot to the monastery , where they venerate the Holy Face cloth that , according to tradition , retained the bloodstained image of Jesus ’ face after Saint Veronica used it to wipe his brow as he went to Calvary .
armed with canes decorated with bunches of rosemary , the participants proceed on foot to the monastery , where they venerate the holy face cloth that , according to tradition , [kept] the bloodstained image of jesus ’ face after saint veronica used it to wipe his brow as he went to calvary .

As Islam spread through the islands ( apart from Bali ) some people in Lombok adopted it in a version of their own , Wektu Telu , which retained many influences of animism .
as islam spread through the islands ( apart from bali ) some people in lombok adopted it in a version of their own , wektu telu , which [kept] many influences of animism .

After the Revolution it became the first Unitarian church in the nation , even while it retained much of the ritual and musical tradition of the earlier church ( frequent lunchtime and other concerts are given ) .
after the revolution it became the first unitarian church in the nation , even while it [kept] much of the ritual and musical tradition of the earlier church ( frequent lunchtime and other concerts are given ) .

The city has retained a special appeal to visitors as a sophisticated , businesslike metropolis — made all the more colorful because of its nostalgic associations .
the city has [kept] a special appeal to visitors as a sophisticated , businesslike metropolis — made all the more colorful because of its nostalgic associations .

Because of the almost total lack of moisture , the murals in the tombs have retained their original lively colors — and many of the corpses haven ’ t aged much either .
because of the almost total lack of moisture , the murals in the tombs have [kept] their original lively colors — and many of the corpses haven ’ t aged much either .

Remarkably , Poland retained enough military might to repel the Ottoman Turks in their advance through the Balkans .
remarkably , poland [kept] enough military might to repel the ottoman turks in their advance through the balkans .

The ugly exterior is the result of post-war reconstruction ; happily , the magnificently over-the-top original gilded interior has been retained .
the ugly exterior is the result of post-war reconstruction ; happily , the magnificently over-the-top original gilded interior has been [kept] .

The Bahamian people appreciate and enjoy the many touches of colonial history retained from its days as part of the British Empire .
the bahamian people appreciate and enjoy the many touches of colonial history [kept] from its days as part of the british empire .

The old cells were retained when the structure became the library in 1873 and books line every wall , replacing prisoners and creating private reading areas .
the old cells were [kept] when the structure became the library in 1873 and books line every wall , replacing prisoners and creating private reading areas .

Many of the original Georgian Colonial features have been retained , and a collection of photographs provide guests and visitors with a glimpse into the building ’ s genteel past .
many of the original georgian colonial features have been [kept] , and a collection of photographs provide guests and visitors with a glimpse into the building ’ s genteel past .

Later , Olympian gods usurped Gaia but the sanctuary retained its role .
later , olympian gods usurped gaia but the sanctuary [kept] its role .

This incident inspired the national motto Expulsis Piratis — Restituta Commercia ( Pirates Expelled — Commerce Restored ) , which was retained until 1971 .
this incident inspired the national motto expulsis piratis — restituta commercia ( pirates expelled — commerce restored ) , which was [kept] until 1971 .

Willey said when his building manager called attorneys retained by the company , they erroneously told her she could go ahead and kick out the tenants .
willey said when his building manager called attorneys [kept] by the company , they erroneously told her she could go ahead and kick out the tenants .

Hence , the custodial transfer to Treasury ( for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands ) and the amount retained by Customs should be shown as separate components of the disposition of the revenue from customs duties .
hence , the custodial transfer to treasury ( for puerto rico and the virgin islands ) and the amount [kept] by customs should be shown as separate components of the disposition of the revenue from customs duties .

The amount retained by Customs to reimburse itself for its costs is exchange revenue of the Customs Service and is offset against its gross cost in calculating its net cost of operations .
the amount [kept] by customs to reimburse itself for its costs is exchange revenue of the customs service and is offset against its gross cost in calculating its net cost of operations .

The documents had to be retained for specified periods and be stored under certain procedures in accordance with Title 8 , `` Records Management , '' of GAO 's PolicyandProceduresManual .
the documents had to be [kept] for specified periods and be stored under certain procedures in accordance with title 8 , `` records management , '' of gao 's policyandproceduresmanual .

Record Retention at Field Offices or Sites Two of the agencies requesting our assistance on designing and implementing fast pay also asked if the key documents ( i. e. purchase order , receiving report , and invoice ) could be retained in the field offices 16 A purchase order or contract should contain details of the type or quality of goods or services ( e.g .
record retention at field offices or sites two of the agencies requesting our assistance on designing and implementing fast pay also asked if the key documents ( i. e. purchase order , receiving report , and invoice ) could be [kept] in the field offices 16 a purchase order or contract should contain details of the type or quality of goods or services ( e.g .

We stated that , although supporting documents are traditionally maintained at the certifying/disbursing officer 's location , Title 7 did not preclude the documents being retained at the field offices or sites .
we stated that , although supporting documents are traditionally maintained at the certifying/disbursing officer 's location , title 7 did not preclude the documents being [kept] at the field offices or sites .

Traditionally , hardcopy documents have been retained at the certifying or payment officer 's location for ease in accessibility .
traditionally , hardcopy documents have been [kept] at the certifying or payment officer 's location for ease in accessibility .

After payment , a test of the validity of the payment would be made on a sample basis by obtaining the supporting documentation from the traveler ( where it would be retained ) and reviewing information in the documents to ensure the validity of the claim .
after payment , a test of the validity of the payment would be made on a sample basis by obtaining the supporting documentation from the traveler ( where it would be [kept] ) and reviewing information in the documents to ensure the validity of the claim .

If audit documentation is only retained electronically , the audit organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .
if audit documentation is only [kept] electronically , the audit organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .

If audit documentation is only retained electronically , the audit organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .
if audit documentation is only [kept] electronically , the audit organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .

Finally , the analysis reports , as required by paragraph 603 ( c ) , that the Commission has reduced burdens where possible and that the regulatory burdens retained are necessary to ensure the public receives the benefits of the new services in a prompt and efficient manner .
finally , the analysis reports , as required by paragraph 603 ( c ) , that the commission has reduced burdens where possible and that the regulatory burdens [kept] are necessary to ensure the public receives the benefits of the new services in a prompt and efficient manner .

Following receipt of comments , some of which challenged the burden estimates contained in the proposed rule but none of which contained alternatives to the SEC 's estimates , the SEC reviewed its estimates and retained the estimates set forth in the proposed rule .
following receipt of comments , some of which challenged the burden estimates contained in the proposed rule but none of which contained alternatives to the sec 's estimates , the sec reviewed its estimates and [kept] the estimates set forth in the proposed rule .

To achieve this objective , management should have in place an internal control system that provides reasonable assurance that ( 1 ) T & A transactions are properly authorized and approved and ( 2 ) T & A data are completely and accurately recorded and retained .
to achieve this objective , management should have in place an internal control system that provides reasonable assurance that ( 1 ) t & a transactions are properly authorized and approved and ( 2 ) t & a data are completely and accurately recorded and [kept] .

T & A Data Are Complete and Accurate Because most federal civilian employees are paid on an hourly basis ( or fractions of an hour ) and earn and charge leave on that basis , a complete and accurate record of the time an employee works must be retained as an official agency record available for review or inspection .
t & a data are complete and accurate because most federal civilian employees are paid on an hourly basis ( or fractions of an hour ) and earn and charge leave on that basis , a complete and accurate record of the time an employee works must be [kept] as an official agency record available for review or inspection .

A T & A record containing all required data elements can be ( 1 ) a manually completed hard copy document , ( 2 ) an automated file retained electronically , or ( 3 ) a combination of automated and manual records .
a t & a record containing all required data elements can be ( 1 ) a manually completed hard copy document , ( 2 ) an automated file [kept] electronically , or ( 3 ) a combination of automated and manual records .

The T & A information can be obtained using a number of different methods , including but not limited to preprinted or designed T & A forms ; other standard forms ; internal memorandums ; emails ; employee , timekeeper , or supervisor notations ( for example , that might result from phone conversations ) ; or other formats so long as the documents are controlled and retained as the official T & A record of employees .
the t & a information can be obtained using a number of different methods , including but not limited to preprinted or designed t & a forms ; other standard forms ; internal memorandums ; emails ; employee , timekeeper , or supervisor notations ( for example , that might result from phone conversations ) ; or other formats so long as the documents are controlled and [kept] as the official t & a record of employees .

Although agencies have generally retained their design oversight responsibilities , fewer staff resources are now devoted to reviewing facility designs .
although agencies have generally [kept] their design oversight responsibilities , fewer staff resources are now devoted to reviewing facility designs .

Core competency is defined as an essential skill that should be retained within the organization in order to perform effectively .
core competency is defined as an essential skill that should be [kept] within the organization in order to perform effectively .

As long as sufficient skills are retained inhouse to meet the smart buyer approach discussed above , there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broader range of design review functions , including such services as construction document discipline reviews and code compliance checks , so long as such functions are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace .
as long as sufficient skills are [kept] inhouse to meet the smart buyer approach discussed above , there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broader range of design review functions , including such services as construction document discipline reviews and code compliance checks , so long as such functions are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace .

Business saving reflects the earnings retained by businesses after paying taxes and dividends .
business saving reflects the earnings [kept] by businesses after paying taxes and dividends .

These retained earnings are available to finance investment .
these [kept] earnings are available to finance investment .

Lastly , some of the increased market value of households ' stock holdings may stem from the use of businesses ' retained earnings for investment , which is already reflected in NIPA saving and investment .
lastly , some of the increased market value of households ' stock holdings may stem from the use of businesses ' [kept] earnings for investment , which is already reflected in nipa saving and investment .

During this reporting period , LSC retained consultants to assist planning efforts in Florida , North Carolina , New York , Missouri , Ohio , South Carolina , and Wisconsin .
during this reporting period , lsc [kept] consultants to assist planning efforts in florida , north carolina , new york , missouri , ohio , south carolina , and wisconsin .

The Florida sugar industry , for example , retained many of the major firms in Florida to defend H-2A litigation .
the florida sugar industry , for example , [kept] many of the major firms in florida to defend h-2a litigation .

The other categories of aliens and the presence requirement were retained .
the other categories of aliens and the presence requirement were [kept] .

The major challenge is the Alabama Campaign for Legal Services , where a consultant retained by the three programs did initial preparation .
the major challenge is the alabama campaign for legal services , where a consultant [kept] by the three programs did initial preparation .

LSC retained a consultant to review staff data submitted annually by grantees , and report on the diversity trends the statistics show .
lsc [kept] a consultant to review staff data submitted annually by grantees , and report on the diversity trends the statistics show .

The existing deadline for a unit under the Acid Rain Program is retained .
the existing deadline for a unit under the acid rain program is [kept] .

The remaining provisions from existing Sections 403 and 408 , which apply , as modified , to Parts B , C , and D , have been retained in Part A , Sections 403 and 404 .
the remaining provisions from existing sections 403 and 408 , which apply , as modified , to parts b , c , and d , have been [kept] in part a , sections 403 and 404 .

If this occurred , the Service 's configuration would be that of a successful competitor and , at the same time , any benefits from having one provider would be retained .
if this occurred , the service 's configuration would be that of a successful competitor and , at the same time , any benefits from having one provider would be [kept] .

The 40,000-officer NYPD was headed by a police commissioner , whose duties were not primarily operational but who retained operational authority .
the 40,000-officer nypd was headed by a police commissioner , whose duties were not primarily operational but who [kept] operational authority .

For example , she noted , though Sudan did eventually expel Bin Ladin , his al Qaeda network retained a presence in the country .
for example , she noted , though sudan did eventually expel bin ladin , his al qaeda network [kept] a presence in the country .

The CIA 's Directorate of Intelligence retained some of its original character of a university gone to war .
the cia 's directorate of intelligence [kept] some of its original character of a university gone to war .

The State Department retained primacy until the 1960s , when the Kennedy and Johnson administrations turned instead to Robert McNamara 's Defense Department , where a mini-state department was created to analyze foreign policy issues .
the state department [kept] primacy until the 1960s , when the kennedy and johnson administrations turned instead to robert mcnamara 's defense department , where a mini-state department was created to analyze foreign policy issues .

President Clinton 's first national security advisor , Anthony Lake , had retained from the Bush administration the staffer who dealt with crime , narcotics , and terrorism ( a portfolio often known as `` drugs and thugs '' ) , the veteran civil servant Richard Clarke .
president clinton 's first national security advisor , anthony lake , had [kept] from the bush administration the staffer who dealt with crime , narcotics , and terrorism ( a portfolio often known as `` drugs and thugs '' ) , the veteran civil servant richard clarke .

Recommendation : A specialized and integrated national security workforce should be established at the FBI consisting of agents , analysts , linguists , and surveillance specialists who are recruited , trained , rewarded , and retained to ensure the development of an institutional culture imbued with a deep expertise in intelligence and national security .
recommendation : a specialized and integrated national security workforce should be established at the fbi consisting of agents , analysts , linguists , and surveillance specialists who are recruited , trained , rewarded , and [kept] to ensure the development of an institutional culture imbued with a deep expertise in intelligence and national security .

While Nashiri continued to consult Bin Ladin on the planning of subsequent terrorist projects , he retained discretion in selecting operatives and devising attacks .
while nashiri continued to consult bin ladin on the planning of subsequent terrorist projects , he [kept] discretion in selecting operatives and devising attacks .

Natural selection has so molded biological entities that nearly everything one looks at , from molecules to cells , from organ systems to ecosystems , has ( at one time at least ) been retained because it carries out a function that enhances fitness .
natural selection has so molded biological entities that nearly everything one looks at , from molecules to cells , from organ systems to ecosystems , has ( at one time at least ) been [kept] because it carries out a function that enhances fitness .

Protein motifs , domains , and signaling elements have , for millions of years , not only retained their ancestral biochemical features but have also continued to participate in similar physiological responses .
protein motifs , domains , and signaling elements have , for millions of years , not only [kept] their ancestral biochemical features but have also continued to participate in similar physiological responses .

He has begun a five-year project to characterize interactions between infectious prions and soil particles and determine the extent to which infectivity is retained .
he has begun a five-year project to characterize interactions between infectious prions and soil particles and determine the extent to which infectivity is [kept] .

All 11 of 12 patients in Table 3 who reinitiated therapy retained suppressive ability of their respective regimens , as did all other patients who did not show resistance mutations in phase II .
all 11 of 12 patients in table 3 who reinitiated therapy [kept] suppressive ability of their respective regimens , as did all other patients who did not show resistance mutations in phase ii .

By contrast , a much higher proportion of the large gene family of olfactory receptors have retained their functionality in mice , as compared to humans .
by contrast , a much higher proportion of the large gene family of olfactory receptors have [kept] their functionality in mice , as compared to humans .

By fixing carbon dioxide and then sinking , diatoms draw carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere and take it into the deeper waters of the ocean , where it is retained for longer than it would be if the diatoms stayed near the surface ’ .
by fixing carbon dioxide and then sinking , diatoms draw carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere and take it into the deeper waters of the ocean , where it is [kept] for longer than it would be if the diatoms stayed near the surface ’ .

Half of the tumours from mice younger than 18 months were found to have retained the wild-type copy of Trp53 , a number that increased to 85 % in mice older than 18 months .
half of the tumours from mice younger than 18 months were found to have [kept] the wild-type copy of trp53 , a number that increased to 85 % in mice older than 18 months .

Their data showed the retained wild-type allele in these tumours was expressed normally and suggested it had a normal wild-type conformation .
their data showed the [kept] wild-type allele in these tumours was expressed normally and suggested it had a normal wild-type conformation .

Subsequently , the researchers tested to what extent the retained Trp53 copy behaved normally .
subsequently , the researchers tested to what extent the [kept] trp53 copy behaved normally .

Irradiation of many tissues leads to p53-dependent apoptosis , and , indeed , in tumours that had retained the wild-type allele , irradiation did lead to an increase in apoptosis , whereas in tumours that had lost the wild-type allele , it did not .
irradiation of many tissues leads to p53-dependent apoptosis , and , indeed , in tumours that had [kept] the wild-type allele , irradiation did lead to an increase in apoptosis , whereas in tumours that had lost the wild-type allele , it did not .

In short , this paper clearly showed that , at least in mice , in many Trp53 +/− tumours the wild-type allele of Trp53 is not only retained , but also appears to function normally .
in short , this paper clearly showed that , at least in mice , in many trp53 +/− tumours the wild-type allele of trp53 is not only [kept] , but also appears to function normally .

Second , we ascertained the retained twins ' sociodemographic and health characteristics .
second , we ascertained the [kept] twins ' sociodemographic and health characteristics .

Because they can not be easily cultured apart outside of the host for traditional genetic or physiological techniques , analysis of genome sequence offers a valuable tool to infer metabolic functions that endosymbionts have retained and lost and to elucidate the steps in the evolutionary processes of genome reduction .
because they can not be easily cultured apart outside of the host for traditional genetic or physiological techniques , analysis of genome sequence offers a valuable tool to infer metabolic functions that endosymbionts have [kept] and lost and to elucidate the steps in the evolutionary processes of genome reduction .

It retained , however , the same mission with which it had been charged from its inception : to serve as a catalyst for effective , coordinated , and collaborative service delivery to youth in our community .
it [kept] , however , the same mission with which it had been charged from its inception : to serve as a catalyst for effective , coordinated , and collaborative service delivery to youth in our community .

He retained the role of prime minister after independence was declared on December 12 , 1963 .
he [kept] the role of prime minister after independence was declared on december 12 , 1963 .

Usat quotes a Microsoft spokesman 's claim that the deal would `` blow an enormous hole in the government 's case , '' because it shows that MS ' competitors have retained the ability to change the landscape overnight -- in ways that the government claims is illegal when Microsoft tries it .
usat quotes a microsoft spokesman 's claim that the deal would `` blow an enormous hole in the government 's case , '' because it shows that ms ' competitors have [kept] the ability to change the landscape overnight -- in ways that the government claims is illegal when microsoft tries it .

Best of all , since any IC office must be audited by the government every six months , someone must be retained to preside over the office while it 's being audited .
best of all , since any ic office must be audited by the government every six months , someone must be [kept] to preside over the office while it 's being audited .

When Hall retained Princess Diana 's divorce lawyer , Jagger shot back that they could n't get divorced because they were n't actually married -- their wedding on Bali was not legal .
when hall [kept] princess diana 's divorce lawyer , jagger shot back that they could n't get divorced because they were n't actually married -- their wedding on bali was not legal .

The mushrooms , Chinese broccoli , bamboo shoots , and baby corn all retained good textures , and the tofu chunks seemed like a stroke of genius .
the mushrooms , chinese broccoli , bamboo shoots , and baby corn all [kept] good textures , and the tofu chunks seemed like a stroke of genius .

Said 's subsequent work has retained much of the expansive spirit and rigorous methodology of Levin 's teachings .
said 's subsequent work has [kept] much of the expansive spirit and rigorous methodology of levin 's teachings .

Rips was sufficiently enraged by Statistical Science 's acceptance of the rebuttal paper that he retained a lawyer , who advised the journal that `` the accusations in the article about to be published ... are untrue and libelous of Dr .
rips was sufficiently enraged by statistical science 's acceptance of the rebuttal paper that he [kept] a lawyer , who advised the journal that `` the accusations in the article about to be published ... are untrue and libelous of dr .

If the principles of the G-8 states are to be believably achieved and the chance of a multiethnic Kosovo , at least at the starting point , is to be retained , then the KLA must also let itself be disarmed . ''
if the principles of the g-8 states are to be believably achieved and the chance of a multiethnic kosovo , at least at the starting point , is to be [kept] , then the kla must also let itself be disarmed . ''

My hope is that an A rating would work specifically because the NC-17 would be retained , to give Blockbuster something to feel pious about .
my hope is that an a rating would work specifically because the nc-17 would be [kept] , to give blockbuster something to feel pious about .

Results that do n't fit the theory , such as the defeat of Matt Fong in the California Senate race , have simply been ignored -- as has the fact that the Republicans retained their majorities in both houses .
results that do n't fit the theory , such as the defeat of matt fong in the california senate race , have simply been ignored -- as has the fact that the republicans [kept] their majorities in both houses .

Albert has retained the same lawyer who represented Nicole Brown Simpson 's family in the O.J .
albert has [kept] the same lawyer who represented nicole brown simpson 's family in the o.j .

D.C. lawyers scramble for big-name clients , but many settle for lesser game : One lawyer was retained by Vernon Jordan 's limo driver .
d.c. lawyers scramble for big-name clients , but many settle for lesser game : one lawyer was [kept] by vernon jordan 's limo driver .

If a cell-phone user retained any memory at all of how it once felt to have human dignity and not be enslaved to a ridiculous chirping machine that can summon you anywhere anytime to talk about the most trivial things , then that would be the end of an entire segment of the customizable digital gadget industry .
if a cell-phone user [kept] any memory at all of how it once felt to have human dignity and not be enslaved to a ridiculous chirping machine that can summon you anywhere anytime to talk about the most trivial things , then that would be the end of an entire segment of the customizable digital gadget industry .

A number of brokerage houses downgraded the company to 'near-term accumulate ' or 'hold ' , although most retained their 'long-term buy ' ratings .
a number of brokerage houses downgraded the company to 'near-term accumulate ' or 'hold ' , although most [kept] their 'long-term buy ' ratings .

In Chicago , Mayor Richard Daley retained complete control over the federal funds and distributed them to black neighborhoods through his Democratic machine .
in chicago , mayor richard daley [kept] complete control over the federal funds and distributed them to black neighborhoods through his democratic machine .

When you hear that the anti-Microsoft side has retained the services of that economic and technology expert Bob Dole , you start to despair .
when you hear that the anti-microsoft side has [kept] the services of that economic and technology expert bob dole , you start to despair .

On this basis , attorney Charles ( Rick ) Rule , who has been retained to represent Microsoft , accuses DOJ of suing `` a company with a smaller share of sales in order to protect the ability of its dominant competitor to secure an exclusive . ''
on this basis , attorney charles ( rick ) rule , who has been [kept] to represent microsoft , accuses doj of suing `` a company with a smaller share of sales in order to protect the ability of its dominant competitor to secure an exclusive . ''

Bell may have been one of the more sparkling of the New York intellectuals in his heyday ; and he was also , of course , a writer for Henry Luce 's Fortune in the '50s ( and has even retained some Time-ese tics , such as referring to Plato in a footnote as `` the famed Greek philosopher '' ) .
bell may have been one of the more sparkling of the new york intellectuals in his heyday ; and he was also , of course , a writer for henry luce 's fortune in the '50s ( and has even [kept] some time-ese tics , such as referring to plato in a footnote as `` the famed greek philosopher '' ) .

Tudjman retained enough American support that the United States even allowed retired U.S. military officers to train the Croatian military , despite an arms embargo .
tudjman [kept] enough american support that the united states even allowed retired u.s. military officers to train the croatian military , despite an arms embargo .

Lenzner had been retained to uncover compromising links between Nickles -- who opposed the tribe 's claims -- and local oil interests .
lenzner had been [kept] to uncover compromising links between nickles -- who opposed the tribe 's claims -- and local oil interests .

When firms retain lots of earnings it gets more complicated , with the growth of earnings increasing as more and more cash is retained in the firm .
when firms retain lots of earnings it gets more complicated , with the growth of earnings increasing as more and more cash is [kept] in the firm .

It simply asserts that , in calculating a firm 's potential value , you ca n't assume that earnings are simultaneously retained and paid out -- and that the Glassman-Hassett argument depends on precisely these conflicting assumptions .
it simply asserts that , in calculating a firm 's potential value , you ca n't assume that earnings are simultaneously [kept] and paid out -- and that the glassman-hassett argument depends on precisely these conflicting assumptions .

The argument is fallacious whether all the earnings are paid out , all are retained , or anything in between .
the argument is fallacious whether all the earnings are paid out , all are [kept] , or anything in between .

Glassman and Hassett now claim that they will sort out the components of retained earnings to avoid double-counting in their forthcoming book .
glassman and hassett now claim that they will sort out the components of [kept] earnings to avoid double-counting in their forthcoming book .

The state retained .
the state [kept] .

It retained its paramilitary tactics and insularity ( Mafiosi called their organization a `` family , '' and members took a blood oath ) .
it [kept] its paramilitary tactics and insularity ( mafiosi called their organization a `` family , '' and members took a blood oath ) .

Slobodan Milosevic , an old party boss , has retained power since 1989 , appealing to Serbian chauvinism to elude liberal reforms .
slobodan milosevic , an old party boss , has [kept] power since 1989 , appealing to serbian chauvinism to elude liberal reforms .

Many Palestinians , however , stayed put , retained their land , and became Israeli citizens .
many palestinians , however , stayed put , [kept] their land , and became israeli citizens .

An April 23 statement announces that the firm has been retained `` to provide counsel in light of the heightened legal and regulatory activities surrounding tobacco products . ''
an april 23 statement announces that the firm has been [kept] `` to provide counsel in light of the heightened legal and regulatory activities surrounding tobacco products . ''

If his move toward the center means that the inexorable Republican tide continues to rise , then , by the same token , it counts as a Democratic victory that Republicans retained control of the House only by disavowing their 1994 vintage radicalism .
if his move toward the center means that the inexorable republican tide continues to rise , then , by the same token , it counts as a democratic victory that republicans [kept] control of the house only by disavowing their 1994 vintage radicalism .

Although hailed by no less than the Heritage Foundation as the world 's most open economy , colonial Hong Kong has retained many notable exceptions to the rule , exceptions that may prove more costly after July 1 .
although hailed by no less than the heritage foundation as the world 's most open economy , colonial hong kong has [kept] many notable exceptions to the rule , exceptions that may prove more costly after july 1 .

Perhaps Russian in most of the former Soviet empire will be grudgingly retained as an economic and maybe even political lingua franca , somewhat like English in India .
perhaps russian in most of the former soviet empire will be grudgingly [kept] as an economic and maybe even political lingua franca , somewhat like english in india .

Thus a surprisingly high 98.5 % of the main entries were retained in the four Addenda Sections in question .
thus a surprisingly high 98.5 % of the main entries were [kept] in the four addenda sections in question .

If we compare these 164 deletions to the retained 7873 entries , we find that the updated 2 % attrition rate only trivially raises the earlier 1.5 % rate .
if we compare these 164 deletions to the [kept] 7873 entries , we find that the updated 2 % attrition rate only trivially raises the earlier 1.5 % rate .

As Alan Hamilton 's item in The Times [ 15 June 1988 , 3 ] reminds us , the BBC guidelines of the 1940s , since abandoned , were quite specific : “ There is an absolute ban upon the following : jokes about lavatories , effeminacy in men , immorality of any kind , suggestive references to honeymoon couples , chambermaids , fig leaves , ladies ' underwear , lodgers and commercial travellers. ” Observation reveals that we have been spared the last two , but the rest are retained as mainstays of British humor , especially knickers ( American English : panties ) , the mere mention of which seems to send everyone in the U.K. in paroxysms of uncontrollable laughter .
as alan hamilton 's item in the times [ 15 june 1988 , 3 ] reminds us , the bbc guidelines of the 1940s , since abandoned , were quite specific : “ there is an absolute ban upon the following : jokes about lavatories , effeminacy in men , immorality of any kind , suggestive references to honeymoon couples , chambermaids , fig leaves , ladies ' underwear , lodgers and commercial travellers. ” observation reveals that we have been spared the last two , but the rest are [kept] as mainstays of british humor , especially knickers ( american english : panties ) , the mere mention of which seems to send everyone in the u.k. in paroxysms of uncontrollable laughter .

It therefore carries a surprising number of obsolete and archaic words , and it is difficult to tell whether they are in because they were common in American English , in American English spoken in the Midwest , or simply carelessly retained from an earlier dictionary which was not properly edited .
it therefore carries a surprising number of obsolete and archaic words , and it is difficult to tell whether they are in because they were common in american english , in american english spoken in the midwest , or simply carelessly [kept] from an earlier dictionary which was not properly edited .

For one thing , certain British spellings are retained , but those might have been left over from pre-Webster spelling reform : endeavour , moulding , humour ; enamelling ; fulfil .
for one thing , certain british spellings are [kept] , but those might have been left over from pre-webster spelling reform : endeavour , moulding , humour ; enamelling ; fulfil .

Such entries must be retained for they are encountered in reading .
such entries must be [kept] for they are encountered in reading .

While toilet and lavatory have discarded their original meanings , terms such as bog retained their original meanings ( a marshy place ) as well as being understood in Britain as a slang synonym for a toilet ; it achieved an entry in Hotten 's dictionary as early as 1864 as a privy as distinguished from a water-closet .
while toilet and lavatory have discarded their original meanings , terms such as bog [kept] their original meanings ( a marshy place ) as well as being understood in britain as a slang synonym for a toilet ; it achieved an entry in hotten 's dictionary as early as 1864 as a privy as distinguished from a water-closet .

The letters were , however , retained on the instruments , and North American telephones group them this way ( wisely , there is no Q ) : )
the letters were , however , [kept] on the instruments , and north american telephones group them this way ( wisely , there is no q ) : )

The literal-minded among us have fastened on the inaccuracy of the retained word dial for what many now have on telephones .
the literal-minded among us have fastened on the inaccuracy of the [kept] word dial for what many now have on telephones .

The Germans retained the name even when its monetary value sank so low that currency reform was necessary .
the germans [kept] the name even when its monetary value sank so low that currency reform was necessary .

One does have the ( possibly romantic ) impression that even though grammar and usage were not properly learned , at least enough of a subliminal impression of them was retained by students to lead them to doubt a construction when they encountered it , driving them to check it in a Fowler or some other work .
one does have the ( possibly romantic ) impression that even though grammar and usage were not properly learned , at least enough of a subliminal impression of them was [kept] by students to lead them to doubt a construction when they encountered it , driving them to check it in a fowler or some other work .

French , being a Latin-derived language , is also very rich in digraphs , which are often still retained today in France , but are dying out in Quebec : cœur and œuvre are common examples .
french , being a latin-derived language , is also very rich in digraphs , which are often still [kept] today in france , but are dying out in quebec : cœur and œuvre are common examples .

He retained Dr. Einar Haugen , Professor of Linguistics and Scandanavian Languages at Harvard , certainly a leading scholar in his fields .
he [kept] dr. einar haugen , professor of linguistics and scandanavian languages at harvard , certainly a leading scholar in his fields .

I quite agree that African-American is both cumbersome and undescriptive ; I am also aware that many blacks do not use the term : Jesse Jackson uses black , and the NAACP has retained Colored People in its name .
i quite agree that african-american is both cumbersome and undescriptive ; i am also aware that many blacks do not use the term : jesse jackson uses black , and the naacp has [kept] colored people in its name .

Because there was much less travel in those days , the regions retained their speechways much more completely than they do now .
because there was much less travel in those days , the regions [kept] their speechways much more completely than they do now .

For the next variation he combined and retained astra - + mu - but then altered the ending to - chur .
for the next variation he combined and [kept] astra - + mu - but then altered the ending to - chur .

Franglais is a collective phenomenon , like fog or an epidemic , but the person who compiled this volume has made a noteworthy individual contribution , epitomized by his assertion that Union jack means “ the different countries composing the British community. ” Much for my publishable opinion ; save for a few closing remarks the rest must be on the records , which is here defined as “ part of an interview , a speech or report of a meeting not made available to the public and retained in the archives . ”
franglais is a collective phenomenon , like fog or an epidemic , but the person who compiled this volume has made a noteworthy individual contribution , epitomized by his assertion that union jack means “ the different countries composing the british community. ” much for my publishable opinion ; save for a few closing remarks the rest must be on the records , which is here defined as “ part of an interview , a speech or report of a meeting not made available to the public and [kept] in the archives . ”

Medical use of madness then disappeared , but the word was retained by the laity .
medical use of madness then disappeared , but the word was [kept] by the laity .

Some have been retained by becoming standard , often because there is no other convenient or adequately descriptive standard term for the same thing , like Charley horse for a leg cramp ; others are genuinely standard words but were applied in a slang context , like chassis for a woman 's body ; many are not frequent enough to have bored their users sufficiently to drop them , like chew out for scold ; some might have been dropped by those who are in , only to be picked up by the squares to make themselves appear to be in , like cheeba for ( a ) cannabis ( cigarette ) .
some have been [kept] by becoming standard , often because there is no other convenient or adequately descriptive standard term for the same thing , like charley horse for a leg cramp ; others are genuinely standard words but were applied in a slang context , like chassis for a woman 's body ; many are not frequent enough to have bored their users sufficiently to drop them , like chew out for scold ; some might have been dropped by those who are in , only to be picked up by the squares to make themselves appear to be in , like cheeba for ( a ) cannabis ( cigarette ) .

In the area of food , bacon , bar where drinks are served , cake , cornflakes , cornflour , custard powder pudding mix to Americans , ketchup , popcorn , and rum have retained their English meanings .
in the area of food , bacon , bar where drinks are served , cake , cornflakes , cornflour , custard powder pudding mix to americans , ketchup , popcorn , and rum have [kept] their english meanings .

There we have another whole river to cross , since some of the best-known literary works have retained their historic titles , complete with outmoded spellings and punctuations .
there we have another whole river to cross , since some of the best-known literary works have [kept] their historic titles , complete with outmoded spellings and punctuations .

In a sense , it seems illogical that we have retained the historic spellings for Spenser 's works yet use modern spellings for the titles of plays by his contemporary , William Shakespeare .
in a sense , it seems illogical that we have [kept] the historic spellings for spenser 's works yet use modern spellings for the titles of plays by his contemporary , william shakespeare .

Thus a surprisingly high 98.5 % of the main entries were retained in the four Addenda Sections in question .
thus a surprisingly high 98.5 % of the main entries were [kept] in the four addenda sections in question .

If we compare these 164 deletions to the retained 7873 entries , we find that the updated 2 % attrition rate only trivially raises the earlier 1.5 % rate .
if we compare these 164 deletions to the [kept] 7873 entries , we find that the updated 2 % attrition rate only trivially raises the earlier 1.5 % rate .

Gross 's disease -- saccular dilatation of the anal wall with retained inspissated feces ( What is a directly descriptive synonym for this process ? )
gross 's disease -- saccular dilatation of the anal wall with [kept] inspissated feces ( what is a directly descriptive synonym for this process ? )

These words are archaisms , obsolete words that are used for special effect or other reasons , as in popular quotations , like wherefore in “ Wherefore art thou , Romeo ? , ” known to every schoolchild ( and misunderstood by many , who think it means ` where , ' while it really means ` why ' : it is retained in what for , dialectal whuffo ' ) .
these words are archaisms , obsolete words that are used for special effect or other reasons , as in popular quotations , like wherefore in “ wherefore art thou , romeo ? , ” known to every schoolchild ( and misunderstood by many , who think it means ` where , ' while it really means ` why ' : it is [kept] in what for , dialectal whuffo ' ) .

