Borough Presidents , while retaining membership in the Board of Estimate , lose their housekeeping functions .
borough presidents , while [keeping] membership in the board of estimate , lose their housekeeping functions .

To overcome this , the builder lays and completes the street himself , then deeds it to the community while retaining a perpetual easement for the oil lines .
to overcome this , the builder lays and completes the street himself , then deeds it to the community while [keeping] a perpetual easement for the oil lines .

But because teeth sometimes may drift back to their original position , a retaining appliance is used to lock them in place .
but because teeth sometimes may drift back to their original position , a [keeping] appliance is used to lock them in place .

If the detective insists upon retaining his personal standards , he must now do so in conscious defiance of his society .
if the detective insists upon [keeping] his personal standards , he must now do so in conscious defiance of his society .

His first book , Before The Brave ( 1936 ) , is a collection of poems that are almost all Communistic , but after publication of this book he rejected Communism , and advocated a pacifistic anarchy , though retaining his revolutionary idiom .
his first book , before the brave ( 1936 ) , is a collection of poems that are almost all communistic , but after publication of this book he rejected communism , and advocated a pacifistic anarchy , though [keeping] his revolutionary idiom .

Katie scrambled to her feet , Stevie agilely retaining his seat .
katie scrambled to her feet , stevie agilely [keeping] his seat .

apparently her many torsos , stretched out along the ground , had a greater capacity for retaining the drug than did his body .
apparently her many torsos , stretched out along the ground , had a greater capacity for [keeping] the drug than did his body .

He says he 's glad that the base is retaining its defence role .
he says he 's glad that the base is [keeping] its defence role .

The panel also proposed retaining the controversial renewable seven-year presidential term , the longest period in office for a western elected ruler .
the panel also proposed [keeping] the controversial renewable seven-year presidential term , the longest period in office for a western elected ruler .

The Government is already committed to retaining both Devonport and Rosyth but unions and opposition MPs have warned that the loss of the Trident work will mean Rosyth 's death by ‘ slow strangulation ’ .
the government is already committed to [keeping] both devonport and rosyth but unions and opposition mps have warned that the loss of the trident work will mean rosyth 's death by ‘ slow strangulation ’ .

But he said it would not be remotely simple to achieve this by retaining zero-rating for a particular section of the community .
but he said it would not be remotely simple to achieve this by [keeping] zero-rating for a particular section of the community .

‘ Besides these measures , ’ said Mr Lang , ‘ the employment service in Scotland will be spending more than £10 million on the new community action programme which will enable unemployed people to undertake work of value to the community while retaining their entitlement to benefit . ’
‘ besides these measures , ’ said mr lang , ‘ the employment service in scotland will be spending more than £10 million on the new community action programme which will enable unemployed people to undertake work of value to the community while [keeping] their entitlement to benefit . ’

Brian Souter , executive chairman , and Ann Gloag , managing director , will share between £10 million and £20 million , if all goes according to plan , while retaining control more than 50 per cent of the shares .
brian souter , executive chairman , and ann gloag , managing director , will share between £10 million and £20 million , if all goes according to plan , while [keeping] control more than 50 per cent of the shares .

The emphasis in much of that session from coach Douglas Morgan was on retaining depth in alignment and getting the ball through the hands at pace .
the emphasis in much of that session from coach douglas morgan was on [keeping] depth in alignment and getting the ball through the hands at pace .

‘ If anything it has re-inforced what we have been working on , particularly retaining depth , ’ he said .
‘ if anything it has re-inforced what we have been working on , particularly [keeping] depth , ’ he said .

Half-a-dozen 18th century specimens , still retaining their colour after more than two centuries , lie pressed on paper sheets at Sunderland .
half-a-dozen 18th century specimens , still [keeping] their colour after more than two centuries , lie pressed on paper sheets at sunderland .

Gent adopted a change of style for the fight and almost pulled off an upset , unbeaten Wharton retaining his championship by the narrowest of margins after the brutal 12-round battle was declared a draw .
gent adopted a change of style for the fight and almost pulled off an upset , unbeaten wharton [keeping] his championship by the narrowest of margins after the brutal 12-round battle was declared a draw .

He said : ‘ The Labour group is committed to retaining Woodchurch pool .
he said : ‘ the labour group is committed to [keeping] woodchurch pool .

Senior champion Andrew Roche ( Liverpool Mercury-Townsend ) shot to the top of the table by retaining his title for the second successive season and now has 17 points .
senior champion andrew roche ( liverpool mercury-townsend ) shot to the top of the table by [keeping] his title for the second successive season and now has 17 points .

The bookmakers have already given their verdict , cutting the odds on Kasparov retaining the title he has held since 1985 , from 9–2 on to 5–1 on .
the bookmakers have already given their verdict , cutting the odds on kasparov [keeping] the title he has held since 1985 , from 9–2 on to 5–1 on .

Also throughout the novel , Dickens succeeds in retaining suspense and tension , and wanting you to continue reading to find out what will happen .
also throughout the novel , dickens succeeds in [keeping] suspense and tension , and wanting you to continue reading to find out what will happen .

McLure , the Spons-A-Tee Northern Amateur Masters Champion picked up valuable points towards retaining the title thanks to his win at Seaton Carew , but he looked out of it after a first round 79 , despite a birdie at the 18th .
mclure , the spons-a-tee northern amateur masters champion picked up valuable points towards [keeping] the title thanks to his win at seaton carew , but he looked out of it after a first round 79 , despite a birdie at the 18th .

Green Door , Give Me the Moonlight , Hello Dolly and Tower of Strength are among those retaining that old magic .
green door , give me the moonlight , hello dolly and tower of strength are among those [keeping] that old magic .

If he succeeds , then he will deny his former club Holywood from retaining their Harp Kirk Cup and Senior One titles ! Robert Nelson takes over from Harry McNeill at Mossley .
if he succeeds , then he will deny his former club holywood from [keeping] their harp kirk cup and senior one titles ! robert nelson takes over from harry mcneill at mossley .

Brand of the Year was awarded for our long term policy of providing modern stores and innovative products while retaining traditional values .
brand of the year was awarded for our long term policy of providing modern stores and innovative products while [keeping] traditional values .

Woodhall farm were able to console themselves by retaining the Arcade team trophy .
woodhall farm were able to console themselves by [keeping] the arcade team trophy .

But even he had to bow to reality when Czechoslovakia 's two largest parties failed to agree on retaining a common state .
but even he had to bow to reality when czechoslovakia 's two largest parties failed to agree on [keeping] a common state .

The main causes were broken retaining chains , out of position guards , tubes sealed altogether , and impact damage caused by the guard hitting tractor wheels , lift arms or the implement .
the main causes were broken [keeping] chains , out of position guards , tubes sealed altogether , and impact damage caused by the guard hitting tractor wheels , lift arms or the implement .

If ratified , the Regional Development Fund will increase by half and Clwyd would stand a better chance of retaining its status in 1994 .
if ratified , the regional development fund will increase by half and clwyd would stand a better chance of [keeping] its status in 1994 .

The banks are willing to lend funds to the discount houses at call , overnight , or at short notice because the banks earn some interest on these funds , while at the same time retaining a pool of liquidity .
the banks are willing to lend funds to the discount houses at call , overnight , or at short notice because the banks earn some interest on these funds , while at the same time [keeping] a pool of liquidity .

, chief executive , Coatings Northern Europe , retaining responsibility for the European protective coatings market .
, chief executive , coatings northern europe , [keeping] responsibility for the european protective coatings market .

The cover has been formalised by a grid which will be consistent with each issue while retaining alternative background colours to differentiate issues .
the cover has been formalised by a grid which will be consistent with each issue while [keeping] alternative background colours to differentiate issues .

Retaining strip
[keeping] strip

Retaining strip 3″ long 1½″ wide
[keeping] strip 3″ long 1½″ wide

The charm of this village lies not only in the pleasing situation , but in being quite unspoilt by modern buildings , and in still retaining a genuine ‘ olde worlde ’ atmosphere .
the charm of this village lies not only in the pleasing situation , but in being quite unspoilt by modern buildings , and in still [keeping] a genuine ‘ olde worlde ’ atmosphere .

‘ Thank you , ’ she smiled back , yet retaining a slight sense of reserve or dignity .
‘ thank you , ’ she smiled back , yet [keeping] a slight sense of reserve or dignity .

The possibility of a move to the West Country or the South Coast was considered but the company was uncertain of retaining sufficient numbers of the existing work-force and these options were also dropped .
the possibility of a move to the west country or the south coast was considered but the company was uncertain of [keeping] sufficient numbers of the existing work-force and these options were also dropped .

Commonwealth citizens and citizens of the Republic of Ireland ( retaining their former rights as citizens of the United Kingdom ) may vote provided that they satisfy the other conditions .
commonwealth citizens and citizens of the republic of ireland ( [keeping] their former rights as citizens of the united kingdom ) may vote provided that they satisfy the other conditions .

Retaining this nest-egg of savings untouched , however small it is , is of the greatest importance to the elderly .
[keeping] this nest-egg of savings untouched , however small it is , is of the greatest importance to the elderly .

Heavy lined curtains are also an excellent way of retaining heat in a room , although double-glazing is the most effective way of cutting out draughts .
heavy lined curtains are also an excellent way of [keeping] heat in a room , although double-glazing is the most effective way of cutting out draughts .

Meanwhile cook the two types of spaghetti together in a pan containing plenty of boiling salted water for 8–10 mins until ‘ al dente ’ : tender , but still retaining some bite .
meanwhile cook the two types of spaghetti together in a pan containing plenty of boiling salted water for 8–10 mins until ‘ al dente ’ : tender , but still [keeping] some bite .

In the new churches , ecclesiastical barriers to intimate worship can be broken while retaining the helpful discipline of some liturgical structure .
in the new churches , ecclesiastical barriers to intimate worship can be broken while [keeping] the helpful discipline of some liturgical structure .

It is also common for regiments to have differently coloured cuffs , sleeves , or other minor details whilst retaining the overall colour of their state .
it is also common for regiments to have differently coloured cuffs , sleeves , or other minor details whilst [keeping] the overall colour of their state .

He is worried , however , that the team which won the East Championship so well could be broken up if Chelmsford insist on retaining all their players for friendly matches .
he is worried , however , that the team which won the east championship so well could be broken up if chelmsford insist on [keeping] all their players for friendly matches .

It 's no longer as efficient at retaining this crucial moisture .
it 's no longer as efficient at [keeping] this crucial moisture .

The normal method of construction has always been to build retaining walls between six and ten metres high out of huge basaltic rocks .
the normal method of construction has always been to build [keeping] walls between six and ten metres high out of huge basaltic rocks .

The Sky-Claw has a patented means of retaining a pair of handles on a dowel with locating cross-pegs .
the sky-claw has a patented means of [keeping] a pair of handles on a dowel with locating cross-pegs .

In view of the Christian concern with human personality and individual responsibility and the importance of retaining areas over which discretion is possible , it is imperative that the present growth of government in modern society be halted .
in view of the christian concern with human personality and individual responsibility and the importance of [keeping] areas over which discretion is possible , it is imperative that the present growth of government in modern society be halted .

It also controls gradual water loss , retaining just the right amount of moisture your skin needs .
it also controls gradual water loss , [keeping] just the right amount of moisture your skin needs .

Mrs Palichuk sank onto a scarlet kitchen chair and eased off her drab grey winter coat so that it draped over the back , retaining , however , the black kerchief which modestly veiled her hair .
mrs palichuk sank onto a scarlet kitchen chair and eased off her drab grey winter coat so that it draped over the back , [keeping] , however , the black kerchief which modestly veiled her hair .

Despite his programmatic emphasis in the Archaeology on the discursive formation as a means of making intelligible those knowledges that are formulated through their institutional components , Foucault turned away from this kind of historical enquiry because it was too ‘ clean , conceptually aseptic ’ — in other words , too apolitical . Foucault therefore abandons analysis of epistemes for the more Nietzschean ‘ genealogy ’ , which allows him to articulate conflict in terms of differentiated histories with their own conceptual specificities and their own times , while retaining the possibility of the formulation of aims and intentions :
despite his programmatic emphasis in the archaeology on the discursive formation as a means of making intelligible those knowledges that are formulated through their institutional components , foucault turned away from this kind of historical enquiry because it was too ‘ clean , conceptually aseptic ’ — in other words , too apolitical . foucault therefore abandons analysis of epistemes for the more nietzschean ‘ genealogy ’ , which allows him to articulate conflict in terms of differentiated histories with their own conceptual specificities and their own times , while [keeping] the possibility of the formulation of aims and intentions :

The county was divided into four areas in each of which , with commendable foresight , a Guardians ' Committee was brought in , thereby retaining the important element of voluntary service by local residents .
the county was divided into four areas in each of which , with commendable foresight , a guardians ' committee was brought in , thereby [keeping] the important element of voluntary service by local residents .

Russell Reynolds has achieved the highest fee income in the British market through adapting to the British way of doing things whilst retaining an American approach to marketing and business development ; it has achieved the former as effectively as Spencer Stuart and the latter as profitably as Korn/Ferry , to produce a combination more successful than either .
russell reynolds has achieved the highest fee income in the british market through adapting to the british way of doing things whilst [keeping] an american approach to marketing and business development ; it has achieved the former as effectively as spencer stuart and the latter as profitably as korn/ferry , to produce a combination more successful than either .

An interesting point here is that certain organisations have won a reputation for attracting and retaining senior management talent .
an interesting point here is that certain organisations have won a reputation for attracting and [keeping] senior management talent .

The Party , whilst retaining its formal prerogatives in the military-security field is in fact alleged to be increasingly hostage to the technical competence of what Frunze once called the ‘ brain of the Army ’ : an organisation with the expertise as well as the staff support to determine the framework within which issues are discussed and decisions taken .
the party , whilst [keeping] its formal prerogatives in the military-security field is in fact alleged to be increasingly hostage to the technical competence of what frunze once called the ‘ brain of the army ’ : an organisation with the expertise as well as the staff support to determine the framework within which issues are discussed and decisions taken .

Plain concrete blocks are not intended to be on show , and are used mainly for constructing retaining walls which will then be faced with a decorative skin .
plain concrete blocks are not intended to be on show , and are used mainly for constructing [keeping] walls which will then be faced with a decorative skin .

This is to ensure that instructors can modify while retaining the general path .
this is to ensure that instructors can modify while [keeping] the general path .

On glaciers , snow climbs , arêtes and easy mixed ground it is the only way to ensure fast movement , while retaining some degree of security .
on glaciers , snow climbs , arêtes and easy mixed ground it is the only way to ensure fast movement , while [keeping] some degree of security .

The history of the theory of ideology within the Marxist tradition can be seen as the letting go of the materialist reduction that involved a differentiation between ideology and science as distinct modes of knowing , while retaining an account of ideology as a structural feature of society .
the history of the theory of ideology within the marxist tradition can be seen as the letting go of the materialist reduction that involved a differentiation between ideology and science as distinct modes of knowing , while [keeping] an account of ideology as a structural feature of society .

Retaining bar .
[keeping] bar .

Remove the retaining bar .
remove the [keeping] bar .

Return the retaining bar .
return the [keeping] bar .

The break-up specialist may have an interest in retaining certain parts of the company or he may wish to dispose of all of it to other companies .
the break-up specialist may have an interest in [keeping] certain parts of the company or he may wish to dispose of all of it to other companies .

One term for this is paedomorphosis — the retaining of juvenile qualities , and Bill 's behaviour points to this syndrome .
one term for this is paedomorphosis — the [keeping] of juvenile qualities , and bill 's behaviour points to this syndrome .

Researchers expected to find six out of ten people could recall Lady Thatcher 's historic resignation moment in vivid detail by retaining a long-lasting ‘ flashbulb ’ memory .
researchers expected to find six out of ten people could recall lady thatcher 's historic resignation moment in vivid detail by [keeping] a long-lasting ‘ flashbulb ’ memory .

Many lower-level headmen received a legitimate income by retaining a proportion of the fees paid to them for issuing various licences and for other duties .
many lower-level headmen received a legitimate income by [keeping] a proportion of the fees paid to them for issuing various licences and for other duties .

Elsewhere government agents took charge , with the Inspector-General retaining responsibility for promotions and discipline .
elsewhere government agents took charge , with the inspector-general [keeping] responsibility for promotions and discipline .

Opinion against retaining the small company audit has hardened .
opinion against [keeping] the small company audit has hardened .

When Carello Lighting ran into this problem , it looked to Ambit Research 's Ark modelling package to reduce the size of the data and increase the function of the model at one fell swoop , while retaining the ability to produce spreadsheet-like outputs .
when carello lighting ran into this problem , it looked to ambit research 's ark modelling package to reduce the size of the data and increase the function of the model at one fell swoop , while [keeping] the ability to produce spreadsheet-like outputs .

While most practising firms are having no difficulty in retaining and recruiting staff in the midst of a recession , the situation was , of course , very different only a year or two ago and will probably change again just as rapidly .
while most practising firms are having no difficulty in [keeping] and recruiting staff in the midst of a recession , the situation was , of course , very different only a year or two ago and will probably change again just as rapidly .

Thus , if an individual shareholder sustained loss while relying on negligently prepared accounts , whether by selling or retaining shares or by purchasing additional shares , he or she was entitled to recover his or her loss .
thus , if an individual shareholder sustained loss while relying on negligently prepared accounts , whether by selling or [keeping] shares or by purchasing additional shares , he or she was entitled to recover his or her loss .

Both lack pongine characters , retaining the primitive condition for the characters that distinguish the pongine clade .
both lack pongine characters , [keeping] the primitive condition for the characters that distinguish the pongine clade .

Senescence could be prevented or reduced either by retaining binary fission but keeping the population size large , or by allowing sexual reproduction .
senescence could be prevented or reduced either by [keeping] binary fission but keeping the population size large , or by allowing sexual reproduction .

The aims of the redesign are wide-ranging but simple : to find ways of retaining the station 's capabilities while slashing its cost .
the aims of the redesign are wide-ranging but simple : to find ways of [keeping] the station 's capabilities while slashing its cost .

Sharing work , yet retaining a clear sense of role , is obviously more difficult but potentially rewarding and in Maidstone seems to be working well .
sharing work , yet [keeping] a clear sense of role , is obviously more difficult but potentially rewarding and in maidstone seems to be working well .

This did not at first include the canon of the Mass , but the momentum of change was such in the early post-conciliar period — moreover , the absurdity of retaining an isolated island of Latin was so obvious — that this quickly followed .
this did not at first include the canon of the mass , but the momentum of change was such in the early post-conciliar period — moreover , the absurdity of [keeping] an isolated island of latin was so obvious — that this quickly followed .

Beccaria 's attempt to avoid the issue while retaining the conception of tree will was , perhaps , asking for trouble .
beccaria 's attempt to avoid the issue while [keeping] the conception of tree will was , perhaps , asking for trouble .

For instance , adoration of the Friend without — to give , for the moment , a hostage to Yvor Winters — the Poet abasing himself , but retaining instead his own dignity , is expressed more often in poems where Thou forms dominate .
for instance , adoration of the friend without — to give , for the moment , a hostage to yvor winters — the poet abasing himself , but [keeping] instead his own dignity , is expressed more often in poems where thou forms dominate .

No politician , whether a great magnate intent on retaining a traditional dominance in his region , a minister of the crown seeking favourable returns for his administration , or a landowner merely wishing to make a good figure in his own county , could manage without access to patronage with which to reward his friends ' loyalty by helping them in their times of need .
no politician , whether a great magnate intent on [keeping] a traditional dominance in his region , a minister of the crown seeking favourable returns for his administration , or a landowner merely wishing to make a good figure in his own county , could manage without access to patronage with which to reward his friends ' loyalty by helping them in their times of need .

Conversely , when a war was being concluded and there was a prospect of reductions in the size of the army , many officers of the younger regiments attempted to avoid reduction to half-pay by trying their interest with a politician , but the practice of transferring to a new regiment to accelerate promotion , and then regaining a place in an old one while retaining the rank already gained , demanded very good political connections .
conversely , when a war was being concluded and there was a prospect of reductions in the size of the army , many officers of the younger regiments attempted to avoid reduction to half-pay by trying their interest with a politician , but the practice of transferring to a new regiment to accelerate promotion , and then regaining a place in an old one while [keeping] the rank already gained , demanded very good political connections .

He may with good reason be regarded as the first of that long line of professional civil servants who did more than any others to make and destroy the medieval Church : they were professional administrators , equipped to forward the interests of government not by main force but by negotiation amidst the intricate issues of law and theology ; men of international standing , retaining the respect of their opponents , and not too hatefully or too personally involved in the cause which they were required to maintain .
he may with good reason be regarded as the first of that long line of professional civil servants who did more than any others to make and destroy the medieval church : they were professional administrators , equipped to forward the interests of government not by main force but by negotiation amidst the intricate issues of law and theology ; men of international standing , [keeping] the respect of their opponents , and not too hatefully or too personally involved in the cause which they were required to maintain .

In all these arrangements , it is clear that the aim of everyone from the pope downwards was to keep Anselm happy during his lifetime , while retaining the power to make new arrangements for the more distant future after his death .
in all these arrangements , it is clear that the aim of everyone from the pope downwards was to keep anselm happy during his lifetime , while [keeping] the power to make new arrangements for the more distant future after his death .

Jonathan Scott , Chairman of the Reviewing Committee on the Export of Works of Art has produced another of his elegantly written reports on how successful or otherwise Britain has been at retaining its preeminent works of art : the tally , eighteen out of forty-four retained — that is , a public institution or , in the case of the Delander stick barometer , a private citizen , has matched the price at which the item was being exported .
jonathan scott , chairman of the reviewing committee on the export of works of art has produced another of his elegantly written reports on how successful or otherwise britain has been at [keeping] its preeminent works of art : the tally , eighteen out of forty-four retained — that is , a public institution or , in the case of the delander stick barometer , a private citizen , has matched the price at which the item was being exported .

They now rely less on naff novelties and more on structure and nuance , while still retaining an Alec Gilroy-sense of showbiz .
they now rely less on naff novelties and more on structure and nuance , while still [keeping] an alec gilroy-sense of showbiz .

The Otago method may have been slightly below the classical tackling methods of attack , especially from first-phase , but Mains developed a special skill that was to have all his forwards , bit men and small , all very mobile and skilled at handling , retaining or winning the ball on the ground .
the otago method may have been slightly below the classical tackling methods of attack , especially from first-phase , but mains developed a special skill that was to have all his forwards , bit men and small , all very mobile and skilled at handling , [keeping] or winning the ball on the ground .

The Netherlands had been happy to accept the supranational principle in advance , but insisted on retaining the right to withdraw from the discussions should it prove impossible in its eyes for the ideas to be turned into economic practice .
the netherlands had been happy to accept the supranational principle in advance , but insisted on [keeping] the right to withdraw from the discussions should it prove impossible in its eyes for the ideas to be turned into economic practice .

although many famous names were missing from the register : notably Moffatt , Nadin , Legrand ( already sure of retaining his crown and recovering from a knee operation ) , Rabatou , Godoffe , Cortijo and Edlinger .
although many famous names were missing from the register : notably moffatt , nadin , legrand ( already sure of [keeping] his crown and recovering from a knee operation ) , rabatou , godoffe , cortijo and edlinger .

Is it possible to unscrew the retaining nuts to remove two 20-year-old basin taps , set in hard putty , without cracking the basin ?
is it possible to unscrew the [keeping] nuts to remove two 20-year-old basin taps , set in hard putty , without cracking the basin ?

Subsequently , in the absence of major dislocations such as war or revolution , the provisions appear to show a good deal of tenacity , retaining many of their early characteristics despite subsequent evolution .
subsequently , in the absence of major dislocations such as war or revolution , the provisions appear to show a good deal of tenacity , [keeping] many of their early characteristics despite subsequent evolution .

But in North America modernity , while retaining this basic meaning , has become a term that is not only descriptive of the central features of modern life in advanced societies but increasingly contains a moral dimension ; that is to say , modernity is viewed with concern as a source of conflict , contradiction and danger .
but in north america modernity , while [keeping] this basic meaning , has become a term that is not only descriptive of the central features of modern life in advanced societies but increasingly contains a moral dimension ; that is to say , modernity is viewed with concern as a source of conflict , contradiction and danger .

The winners , and also retaining the shield for a second year , were the team from the Sacred Heart , Cheadle Heath , who donated their £100 winnings to the Little Sisters of the Poor .
the winners , and also [keeping] the shield for a second year , were the team from the sacred heart , cheadle heath , who donated their £100 winnings to the little sisters of the poor .

The important thing to bear in mind is that the walls are retaining ones and anything longer than about 2.5m will either need a pier in the centre to strengthen it , or for large pits , it may be better to build in 225m hollow concrete blocks : they 're heavy , and very unloved by the professionals , who are n't expected to lay many per hour .
the important thing to bear in mind is that the walls are [keeping] ones and anything longer than about 2.5m will either need a pier in the centre to strengthen it , or for large pits , it may be better to build in 225m hollow concrete blocks : they 're heavy , and very unloved by the professionals , who are n't expected to lay many per hour .

Mortar should be of the same strength as the materials to be bonded , particularly important for retaining walls .
mortar should be of the same strength as the materials to be bonded , particularly important for [keeping] walls .

This allows watercolour techniques — such as lifting colour whilst retaining durability .
this allows watercolour techniques — such as lifting colour whilst [keeping] durability .

Retaining control of the Second International , they re-emphasized Kautsky 's hope for a peaceful transition to socialism , or swung away completely from reliance on Marx and Engels ' writings into very cautious forms of social democracy .
[keeping] control of the second international , they re-emphasized kautsky 's hope for a peaceful transition to socialism , or swung away completely from reliance on marx and engels ' writings into very cautious forms of social democracy .

Seeing value in activities only in so far as we can conceive them retaining it when cut off from the main tides of human affairs , leads to a kind of preciosity and detachment from what excites most human beings which is ultimately impoverishing .
seeing value in activities only in so far as we can conceive them [keeping] it when cut off from the main tides of human affairs , leads to a kind of preciosity and detachment from what excites most human beings which is ultimately impoverishing .

These are habits of conformity to rules which have developed by a kind of convention or tacit understanding , based on general recognition of the utility of establishing and retaining them .
these are habits of conformity to rules which have developed by a kind of convention or tacit understanding , based on general recognition of the utility of establishing and [keeping] them .

Mir Jafar 's generosity completely transformed the process by which the Company 's employees conducted a certain amount of private business to supplement the Company 's meagre retaining fee and enjoy a satisfactory income .
mir jafar 's generosity completely transformed the process by which the company 's employees conducted a certain amount of private business to supplement the company 's meagre [keeping] fee and enjoy a satisfactory income .

Besides opening up and retaining choice of educational placement for pupils with severe visual handicaps , evidence of this kind calls for continuing research into the social aspects of integration for such pupils .
besides opening up and [keeping] choice of educational placement for pupils with severe visual handicaps , evidence of this kind calls for continuing research into the social aspects of integration for such pupils .

She pulled the retaining net over the bird-box and fastened it down .
she pulled the [keeping] net over the bird-box and fastened it down .

All the stuff under the retaining net shifted and stirred .
all the stuff under the [keeping] net shifted and stirred .

Either way , by 1933 it was evident how successful the holders of local socio-economic power had been in retaining it and in evading or openly flouting unwelcome legislation .
either way , by 1933 it was evident how successful the holders of local socio-economic power had been in [keeping] it and in evading or openly flouting unwelcome legislation .

Ann and Vernon have decorated and furnished Blacklands in a comfortable and homely style , and have succeeded in retaining the original ambience of the house .
ann and vernon have decorated and furnished blacklands in a comfortable and homely style , and have succeeded in [keeping] the original ambience of the house .

It has been sympathetically modernised and restored whilst retaining beamed ceilings and open fires in the lounge bar and television lounge .
it has been sympathetically modernised and restored whilst [keeping] beamed ceilings and open fires in the lounge bar and television lounge .

For example , Turnock ( 1968 ) in a study of northeast Scotland found that depopulation in the area was not only a function of a retreat from hill farming but also a process of concentration into fewer but larger settlements , and Johnston ( 1965 ) in a study of northern England found that village size was important in not only retaining the existing population but also attracting newcomers from nearby towns .
for example , turnock ( 1968 ) in a study of northeast scotland found that depopulation in the area was not only a function of a retreat from hill farming but also a process of concentration into fewer but larger settlements , and johnston ( 1965 ) in a study of northern england found that village size was important in not only [keeping] the existing population but also attracting newcomers from nearby towns .

The two most likely services to trigger a process of decline are the post office , which often acts as a multiple service facility ( Taylor and Emerson , 1981 ) , and the primary school , which is not only a central feature of the community but also a vital ingredient in retaining a young and active population ( Jones , 1980 ) .
the two most likely services to trigger a process of decline are the post office , which often acts as a multiple service facility ( taylor and emerson , 1981 ) , and the primary school , which is not only a central feature of the community but also a vital ingredient in [keeping] a young and active population ( jones , 1980 ) .

At the same time , by retaining his copy , the shipper retains the right to prevent delivery or other disposition of the goods .
at the same time , by [keeping] his copy , the shipper retains the right to prevent delivery or other disposition of the goods .

The third form of patronage is again distinct , in that it is concerned less with the direct retaining and commissioning of artists than with the provision of some kind of social protection or recognition .
the third form of patronage is again distinct , in that it is concerned less with the direct [keeping] and commissioning of artists than with the provision of some kind of social protection or recognition .

There might still be some direct commissioning , and some direct ( retaining ) support , but the main function of such patronage was social support , in the uncertain social and legal conditions of theatres and actors .
there might still be some direct commissioning , and some direct ( [keeping] ) support , but the main function of such patronage was social support , in the uncertain social and legal conditions of theatres and actors .

Fumbling , fingers clumsy in her panic , she dragged at the plastic retaining clips .
fumbling , fingers clumsy in her panic , she dragged at the plastic [keeping] clips .

Uppermost among these is the sheer scale of the problem involved in recruiting , organizing , servicing and , above all , retaining the membership in the face of a declining labour force whose structure is hardly conducive to unionization .
uppermost among these is the sheer scale of the problem involved in recruiting , organizing , servicing and , above all , [keeping] the membership in the face of a declining labour force whose structure is hardly conducive to unionization .

By retaining its holding the member will be able to participate in this post-bid increase in value .
by [keeping] its holding the member will be able to participate in this post-bid increase in value .

Simple graves were almost obliterated , but for the tin cans blown over , stiffly retaining plastic flowers , and the curling photographs in cellophane tacked to wooden crosses .
simple graves were almost obliterated , but for the tin cans blown over , stiffly [keeping] plastic flowers , and the curling photographs in cellophane tacked to wooden crosses .

Many lay clerks are themselves former choristers , and the case is often made for retaining boys ' voices in order to ensure a future supply of altos , tenors and basses .
many lay clerks are themselves former choristers , and the case is often made for [keeping] boys ' voices in order to ensure a future supply of altos , tenors and basses .

In a short statement on photography ( Land , 1972a ) , Land suggested that it was a way of retaining the shifting , fleeting world of childhood and thus giving the child ‘ a new kind of security ’ .
in a short statement on photography ( land , 1972a ) , land suggested that it was a way of [keeping] the shifting , fleeting world of childhood and thus giving the child ‘ a new kind of security ’ .

Though he has a good deal of contact with senior officials ( and in the northern agency spends most of his time at headquarters ) he has a strong loyalty to the field officers in his area , retaining from his own earlier experience as a field officer what he feels to be a sympathetic understanding of practical problems .
though he has a good deal of contact with senior officials ( and in the northern agency spends most of his time at headquarters ) he has a strong loyalty to the field officers in his area , [keeping] from his own earlier experience as a field officer what he feels to be a sympathetic understanding of practical problems .

In this it had little success , though it did cause some alarm to the authorities and to shipowners , some of whom recognised that accumulated benefits could be an effective way of retaining membership . ``
in this it had little success , though it did cause some alarm to the authorities and to shipowners , some of whom recognised that accumulated benefits could be an effective way of [keeping] membership . ``

In one sense Lewis and Shinwell were simply more aggravated and tougher manifestations of Wilson 's old problem of selecting , or being free to select , the right people to develop and run the union 's local organisation and of retaining control over their activities .
in one sense lewis and shinwell were simply more aggravated and tougher manifestations of wilson 's old problem of selecting , or being free to select , the right people to develop and run the union 's local organisation and of [keeping] control over their activities .

One organization had responded to such a situation by issuing fixed-term contracts for a period equivalent to its minimum planned needs and then retaining the workers concerned on one week 's notice , with no obligation to negotiate their dismissal with the trade unions if their services were still required thereafter .
one organization had responded to such a situation by issuing fixed-term contracts for a period equivalent to its minimum planned needs and then [keeping] the workers concerned on one week 's notice , with no obligation to negotiate their dismissal with the trade unions if their services were still required thereafter .

The retaining straps , parts 6 and 7 , are similar , part 7 being made from part 6 , thus part 6 becomes the base part and part 7 the made-from part .
the [keeping] straps , parts 6 and 7 , are similar , part 7 being made from part 6 , thus part 6 becomes the base part and part 7 the made-from part .

They all provide bulk in the diet , but some are better at retaining water , and thus softening the stool , which is of benefit for constipation , for example , and others are better at lowering the blood cholesterol level than others .
they all provide bulk in the diet , but some are better at [keeping] water , and thus softening the stool , which is of benefit for constipation , for example , and others are better at lowering the blood cholesterol level than others .

To reduce the number of words : ( a ) Select the words which seem to you to be important for retaining the important messages of the document key words , points of understanding or argument , main points in support .
to reduce the number of words : ( a ) select the words which seem to you to be important for [keeping] the important messages of the document key words , points of understanding or argument , main points in support .

Yet they added their own particular flavour to the developing Siberian community , retaining seventeenth-century ways even until 1917 and beyond .
yet they added their own particular flavour to the developing siberian community , [keeping] seventeenth-century ways even until 1917 and beyond .

In feudal Russia the petty princes had sworn allegiance to the crown and had to engage in military service , whilst retaining autonomy in their internal affairs , as the Teleuts did .
in feudal russia the petty princes had sworn allegiance to the crown and had to engage in military service , whilst [keeping] autonomy in their internal affairs , as the teleuts did .

She had set much store by retaining or restoring her relations with these men , and thought she knew why .
she had set much store by [keeping] or restoring her relations with these men , and thought she knew why .

The Beeching proposals have been criticized for the lack of serious consideration given to the possibility of retaining many unprofitable passenger services , and the case for closure was presented in a way that prejudged the final decision .
the beeching proposals have been criticized for the lack of serious consideration given to the possibility of [keeping] many unprofitable passenger services , and the case for closure was presented in a way that prejudged the final decision .

Emphasis was to be placed on retaining commuter and rural services and routes deemed to be of value in spite of costs .
emphasis was to be placed on [keeping] commuter and rural services and routes deemed to be of value in spite of costs .

Perhaps the more specific question to be asked is whether the charges of possession with intent were brought solely for the purpose of retaining the applicants in custody .
perhaps the more specific question to be asked is whether the charges of possession with intent were brought solely for the purpose of [keeping] the applicants in custody .

While retaining a determinative role for the former , he insists on the relative autonomy of the latter : these have their own modes of existence , their own inertia , their own time-scales , such that we have to speak of a ‘ necessary reciprocity ’ between economic/social and cultural/ideological levels .
while [keeping] a determinative role for the former , he insists on the relative autonomy of the latter : these have their own modes of existence , their own inertia , their own time-scales , such that we have to speak of a ‘ necessary reciprocity ’ between economic/social and cultural/ideological levels .

They judge that this form of organisation permits the cooperatives to obtain advantages of scale at the level of administration , coordination and planning while retaining the benefits of relatively small operating units i. e. maximum scope for democratic accountability ( Campbell , 1980 , pp .
they judge that this form of organisation permits the cooperatives to obtain advantages of scale at the level of administration , coordination and planning while [keeping] the benefits of relatively small operating units i. e. maximum scope for democratic accountability ( campbell , 1980 , pp .

At lower levels of administration , the Orthodox and Roman Catholic Christian peasants of the raya were governed by Slav Muslim landowners , who , whilst retaining their Slavonic speech , adopted the manners and dress of the Turkish court .
at lower levels of administration , the orthodox and roman catholic christian peasants of the raya were governed by slav muslim landowners , who , whilst [keeping] their slavonic speech , adopted the manners and dress of the turkish court .

Whilst many of these are old parishes , others are towns that previously had significant powers of their own , some retaining mayors and calling themselves town councils .
whilst many of these are old parishes , others are towns that previously had significant powers of their own , some [keeping] mayors and calling themselves town councils .

Hostels or discharge units within the hospital grounds enable some patients to go out to work daily and have a relatively autonomous and responsible life , while retaining some of the security of the hospital environment .
hostels or discharge units within the hospital grounds enable some patients to go out to work daily and have a relatively autonomous and responsible life , while [keeping] some of the security of the hospital environment .

But by speaking plainly — and wittily — both speakers succeeded in retaining the attention of their audience for a full hour , despite a collective hangover from the conference dinner the night before .
but by speaking plainly — and wittily — both speakers succeeded in [keeping] the attention of their audience for a full hour , despite a collective hangover from the conference dinner the night before .

This obstinate refusal to be a conformist explains not only the difficulties of integration that Nizan experienced within the party , but also — and this needs stressing — underlines the extent to which he succeeded in retaining intellectual autonomy and integrity within the party itself .
this obstinate refusal to be a conformist explains not only the difficulties of integration that nizan experienced within the party , but also — and this needs stressing — underlines the extent to which he succeeded in [keeping] intellectual autonomy and integrity within the party itself .

The target of the revolutionary writer 's attentions is a reading public readily and willingly collaborating in its own mystifications , yet retaining at heart a desire for cultural enlightenment and refusing adamantly to be patronised or taken in by glib and misguided preaching .
the target of the revolutionary writer 's attentions is a reading public readily and willingly collaborating in its own mystifications , yet [keeping] at heart a desire for cultural enlightenment and refusing adamantly to be patronised or taken in by glib and misguided preaching .

Very quickly the leopard-skin seat covers disappeared , the carpet grew threadbare and the room turned brown and tarnished , retaining an atmosphere of faded glory .
very quickly the leopard-skin seat covers disappeared , the carpet grew threadbare and the room turned brown and tarnished , [keeping] an atmosphere of faded glory .

The femininity of Woman with its emphasis on the role of wife and mother , is vastly different from that of Cosmopolitan , where the feminine woman is encouraged to be adventurous in catching the most sexually desirable man , retaining him for as long as he is interesting , and getting a super job into the bargain .
the femininity of woman with its emphasis on the role of wife and mother , is vastly different from that of cosmopolitan , where the feminine woman is encouraged to be adventurous in catching the most sexually desirable man , [keeping] him for as long as he is interesting , and getting a super job into the bargain .

Retaining fertile eggs within her body long enough for them to hatch there does not require major anatomical or physiological changes , so it is not surprising that all the major groups of land-living animals contain species that produce live babies .
[keeping] fertile eggs within her body long enough for them to hatch there does not require major anatomical or physiological changes , so it is not surprising that all the major groups of land-living animals contain species that produce live babies .

This is set out in an affidavit sworn by Mr. Roger Anthony Barnes , who is an assistant director of the Bank of England and the head of the Banking Supervision Division , in which capacity he is the senior official in the division responsible for the supervision of institutions authorised under the Act ; it was he who authorised and signed the section 39 notice , after discussion with the officers of the Bank of England immediately responsible for conducting the supervision of the defendants . His evidence is as follows , retaining for convenience the original paragraph numbers :
this is set out in an affidavit sworn by mr. roger anthony barnes , who is an assistant director of the bank of england and the head of the banking supervision division , in which capacity he is the senior official in the division responsible for the supervision of institutions authorised under the act ; it was he who authorised and signed the section 39 notice , after discussion with the officers of the bank of england immediately responsible for conducting the supervision of the defendants . his evidence is as follows , [keeping] for convenience the original paragraph numbers :

The Belgian Government argued in that connection that the limits of articles 52 and 59 were plain : they dealt only with the freedom of any Community national to establish himself in another member state and provide services there while retaining his own nationality .
the belgian government argued in that connection that the limits of articles 52 and 59 were plain : they dealt only with the freedom of any community national to establish himself in another member state and provide services there while [keeping] his own nationality .

It is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .
it is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from [keeping] the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .

‘ It is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .
‘ it is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from [keeping] the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .

It is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .
it is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from [keeping] the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .

It is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from retaining the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .
it is clear that any civilised system of law is bound to provide remedies for cases of what has been called unjust enrichment or unjust benefit , that is to prevent a man from [keeping] the money of or some benefit derived from another which it is against conscience that he should keep .

Specially bred for use in biomedical experiments , their attractions include ease of handling and low cost , while still retaining their biological similarities with people .
specially bred for use in biomedical experiments , their attractions include ease of handling and low cost , while still [keeping] their biological similarities with people .

The question of retaining a national scheme rather than creating smaller schemes has already been touched on .
the question of [keeping] a national scheme rather than creating smaller schemes has already been touched on .

Next , he says , SBUs may well form alliances outside the corporate group to obtain the same benefits as could be obtained by internal linkages while retaining more control over their situation .
next , he says , sbus may well form alliances outside the corporate group to obtain the same benefits as could be obtained by internal linkages while [keeping] more control over their situation .

Another method of retaining control was by keeping a firm grip on hours of work .
another method of [keeping] control was by keeping a firm grip on hours of work .

It was a perfect example of one of her most cherished values ; retaining something of the past for use in the future .
it was a perfect example of one of her most cherished values ; [keeping] something of the past for use in the future .

‘ It means that Marius was retaining a beneficial interest in the gift . ’
‘ it means that marius was [keeping] a beneficial interest in the gift . ’

retaining the business
[keeping] the business

This structure allocates specific responsibility for individual products/product groups and for specific markets , whilst retaining all the key functional posts .
this structure allocates specific responsibility for individual products/product groups and for specific markets , whilst [keeping] all the key functional posts .

With only limited capacity for retaining water , bedrock , regosols and lithosols are poor material for plant colonization .
with only limited capacity for [keeping] water , bedrock , regosols and lithosols are poor material for plant colonization .

Darkness and hairiness , especially noticeable in butterflies of the genera Boloria and Colias , are taken to be adaptations for absorbing and retaining heat during basking .
darkness and hairiness , especially noticeable in butterflies of the genera boloria and colias , are taken to be adaptations for absorbing and [keeping] heat during basking .

But in Urquhart , standing there facing him that night , she encountered a ratchet that had broken free of its retaining spring and was spinning in reverse .
but in urquhart , standing there facing him that night , she encountered a ratchet that had broken free of its [keeping] spring and was spinning in reverse .

For whatever reason , the government chose to accept the case for retaining an Exchequer-financed service free at the point of use .
for whatever reason , the government chose to accept the case for [keeping] an exchequer-financed service free at the point of use .

Genette distinguishes parody from other forms of ‘ hypertextuality ’ as that ludic mode which effects punctual and systematic transformations of specific texts while retaining the noble style of the original ( 1982:33–5 ) .
genette distinguishes parody from other forms of ‘ hypertextuality ’ as that ludic mode which effects punctual and systematic transformations of specific texts while [keeping] the noble style of the original ( 1982:33–5 ) .

Purée the asparagus in a processor , retaining the tips for a garnish .
purée the asparagus in a processor , [keeping] the tips for a garnish .

The 1988 Act has altered the position by giving governing bodies increased powers and greater financial independence while retaining accountability to parents as a whole .
the 1988 act has altered the position by giving governing bodies increased powers and greater financial independence while [keeping] accountability to parents as a whole .

It is evident that in some areas the local political parties were intent on retaining control .
it is evident that in some areas the local political parties were intent on [keeping] control .

The problem of retaining independence will become more acute as voluntary bodies are drawn increasingly into service provision as the agents of local authorities , as Caring for People suggests .
the problem of [keeping] independence will become more acute as voluntary bodies are drawn increasingly into service provision as the agents of local authorities , as caring for people suggests .

This is what is planned in the community care services , with local authorities losing some of their responsibility for provision but retaining responsibility for the allocation of resources .
this is what is planned in the community care services , with local authorities losing some of their responsibility for provision but [keeping] responsibility for the allocation of resources .

New retaining bolts are to be fitted to side members .
new [keeping] bolts are to be fitted to side members .

It is a common fallacy to assume that all blown trees die ; on the contrary , those retaining at least 25 per cent root contact with the soil may well continue to grow , albeit with a shorter life expectancy .
it is a common fallacy to assume that all blown trees die ; on the contrary , those [keeping] at least 25 per cent root contact with the soil may well continue to grow , albeit with a shorter life expectancy .

Now that the prior was assured of retaining his saint , together with all the lustre accruing to him as her discoverer and translator , he wanted everything tidied up and ended , and these troublesome visitors from Ramsey off his premises , before they contrived some further mischief .
now that the prior was assured of [keeping] his saint , together with all the lustre accruing to him as her discoverer and translator , he wanted everything tidied up and ended , and these troublesome visitors from ramsey off his premises , before they contrived some further mischief .

Yet as the tensions inherent in the repeal movement have already shown , this feminist discourse was itself caught in hierarchies of power around sex , retaining strong links with the environmentalist regime of social disciplining .
yet as the tensions inherent in the repeal movement have already shown , this feminist discourse was itself caught in hierarchies of power around sex , [keeping] strong links with the environmentalist regime of social disciplining .

Many scientists could do ‘ ecology ’ while retaining their primary disciplinary loyalty elsewhere , in oceanography or forestry for instance .
many scientists could do ‘ ecology ’ while [keeping] their primary disciplinary loyalty elsewhere , in oceanography or forestry for instance .

Their pale flesh in that wreckage made her shiver ; it stirred morbid thoughts of the fragile membrane retaining blood inside the body , the tender transitions between limb and limb , the throbbing larval transparency of scientific diagrams showing the foetal development of … infant salmon , infant monkeys , infant anything .
their pale flesh in that wreckage made her shiver ; it stirred morbid thoughts of the fragile membrane [keeping] blood inside the body , the tender transitions between limb and limb , the throbbing larval transparency of scientific diagrams showing the foetal development of … infant salmon , infant monkeys , infant anything .

Retaining control implies a lack of trust in subordinates .
[keeping] control implies a lack of trust in subordinates .

In 1695 Earbery the elder was presented by Charles Finch , fourth Earl of Winchilsea , to the mastership of Wye Grammar School in Kent , though retaining his livings .
in 1695 earbery the elder was presented by charles finch , fourth earl of winchilsea , to the mastership of wye grammar school in kent , though [keeping] his livings .

Retaining American citizenship ( between 1904 and 1925 , she and Raymond owned a home in Florida ) , she made her final visit to the United States at the age of eighty-eight .
[keeping] american citizenship ( between 1904 and 1925 , she and raymond owned a home in florida ) , she made her final visit to the united states at the age of eighty-eight .

In 1940 he joined the staff of the director of scientific research in the Ministry of Supply , as chief adviser to the controller of chemical research , while retaining his duties as government chemist .
in 1940 he joined the staff of the director of scientific research in the ministry of supply , as chief adviser to the controller of chemical research , while [keeping] his duties as government chemist .

While retaining an interest in the Artillery Company , he transferred to the Stationers ' Company in 1777 , becoming a liveryman in 1776 at the time of his move to 33 Leadenhall Street .
while [keeping] an interest in the artillery company , he transferred to the stationers ' company in 1777 , becoming a liveryman in 1776 at the time of his move to 33 leadenhall street .

In 1877 Schnadhorst was appointed part-time secretary of the newly formed National Liberal Federation , while retaining his post with the Birmingham Liberal Association .
in 1877 schnadhorst was appointed part-time secretary of the newly formed national liberal federation , while [keeping] his post with the birmingham liberal association .

, retaining this position until Doddridge 's death in 1628 .
, [keeping] this position until doddridge 's death in 1628 .

Its plan is both innovative , in being an early example of the three rooms deep triple-pile , and retardataire in retaining the off-centre hall , entered at one end .
its plan is both innovative , in being an early example of the three rooms deep triple-pile , and retardataire in [keeping] the off-centre hall , entered at one end .

Sir John Savile , Scrope 's principal opponent , was therefore introduced into the council as its vice-president but effective head , Scrope 's presidency retaining only a titular significance .
sir john savile , scrope 's principal opponent , was therefore introduced into the council as its vice-president but effective head , scrope 's presidency [keeping] only a titular significance .

He gained his first knowledge of practical politics as a member of the London county council , and entered Parliament at a by-election in Lewisham West in 1938 , retaining the seat till the Conservative débâcle of 1945 .
he gained his first knowledge of practical politics as a member of the london county council , and entered parliament at a by-election in lewisham west in 1938 , [keeping] the seat till the conservative débâcle of 1945 .

Stoker then volunteered as unpaid dramatic critic of the Dublin Mail , for which he wrote for five years while retaining his clerkship .
stoker then volunteered as unpaid dramatic critic of the dublin mail , for which he wrote for five years while [keeping] his clerkship .

In 1892 he unsuccessfully contested Derby , but he entered Parliament in 1900 as a representative of Newcastle under Lyme , retaining his seat until the election of 1906 .
in 1892 he unsuccessfully contested derby , but he entered parliament in 1900 as a representative of newcastle under lyme , [keeping] his seat until the election of 1906 .

He became the editor and one of the proprietors , retaining full control of the journal until 1931 .
he became the editor and one of the proprietors , [keeping] full control of the journal until 1931 .

There was nothing of interest to her in the present conversation except as a means of promoting their intimacy and retaining his arm around her waist .
there was nothing of interest to her in the present conversation except as a means of promoting their intimacy and [keeping] his arm around her waist .

But there may be legitimate reasons for incorporating a company which is intended to remain dormant indefinitely or for retaining on the register a company which for the time being has ceased to carry on business but which the members may wish to use at some time in the future for the same or some different business .
but there may be legitimate reasons for incorporating a company which is intended to remain dormant indefinitely or for [keeping] on the register a company which for the time being has ceased to carry on business but which the members may wish to use at some time in the future for the same or some different business .

Freshwater mussels perform a useful task in the established pool , sucking in algae-laden water , retaining the algae , and disgorging clear water .
freshwater mussels perform a useful task in the established pool , sucking in algae-laden water , [keeping] the algae , and disgorging clear water .

By retaining the link between finance and accounting , local politicians are forced to bear some of the cost of their programmes in the annual taxes that they have to levy in the short run .
by [keeping] the link between finance and accounting , local politicians are forced to bear some of the cost of their programmes in the annual taxes that they have to levy in the short run .

Hence , we have the attempts by both the law and professional pronouncement to standardize , but to standardize whilst retaining some flexibility .
hence , we have the attempts by both the law and professional pronouncement to standardize , but to standardize whilst [keeping] some flexibility .

So we should not hesitate to edit a text , cutting out what is superfluous , avoiding the padding , and retaining only the poetic essentials .
so we should not hesitate to edit a text , cutting out what is superfluous , avoiding the padding , and [keeping] only the poetic essentials .

Using ostinatos in several parts , the components varying gradually , long movements of an emotionally static nature are formed , without complex episodes and retaining a lucid simplicity .
using ostinatos in several parts , the components varying gradually , long movements of an emotionally static nature are formed , without complex episodes and [keeping] a lucid simplicity .

The analysis also confirms the strong record of the course in retaining students and seeing them through to their final qualifications .
the analysis also confirms the strong record of the course in [keeping] students and seeing them through to their final qualifications .

The phenomenon reflects not only the difficulties of part-time recruitment in an area like Oxfordshire which lacks a large urban and industrial base , but also the fact that the Modular Course has a better chance of retaining and increasing such students than conventional courses ( Figure 2.2 ) .
the phenomenon reflects not only the difficulties of part-time recruitment in an area like oxfordshire which lacks a large urban and industrial base , but also the fact that the modular course has a better chance of [keeping] and increasing such students than conventional courses ( figure 2.2 ) .

Ultimate responsibility for admissions lies with the Modular Course Co-ordinator , an academic working essentially full-time in a management role but retaining some involvement in teaching .
ultimate responsibility for admissions lies with the modular course co-ordinator , an academic working essentially full-time in a management role but [keeping] some involvement in teaching .

Consequently , the assisted party will not receive the full amount of a money award , the Board retaining sufficient to cover the shortfall , or other property will come subject to a charge , which may be enforced by the Board .
consequently , the assisted party will not receive the full amount of a money award , the board [keeping] sufficient to cover the shortfall , or other property will come subject to a charge , which may be enforced by the board .

For example , evidence of the implications of directly providing , or retaining responsibility for round the clock care , hammers home the reality of the phrase ‘ needing a break ’ ; evidence that it is not so much low income which is costly for the carer but the precariousness of a present and a future which depends , at least in part .
for example , evidence of the implications of directly providing , or [keeping] responsibility for round the clock care , hammers home the reality of the phrase ‘ needing a break ’ ; evidence that it is not so much low income which is costly for the carer but the precariousness of a present and a future which depends , at least in part .

for if the cases of which Goodman v. Mayor of Saltash is the type are to be retained as legally charitable — and there is good a priori reason for retaining them — public benefit is the inevitable foundation of this head of charity .
for if the cases of which goodman v. mayor of saltash is the type are to be retained as legally charitable — and there is good a priori reason for [keeping] them — public benefit is the inevitable foundation of this head of charity .

Today the only justification for retaining any of the offences described in this paragraph must be the protection of women from sexual exploitation .
today the only justification for [keeping] any of the offences described in this paragraph must be the protection of women from sexual exploitation .

The Committee 's reason for retaining buggery as a separate offence to deal with non-consensual anal intercourse is once again because of the distinctive nature of the conduct and because it considered that it was ‘ an especially humiliating and distressing experience .
the committee 's reason for [keeping] buggery as a separate offence to deal with non-consensual anal intercourse is once again because of the distinctive nature of the conduct and because it considered that it was ‘ an especially humiliating and distressing experience .

Certain arguments do exist for retaining the word ‘ rape ’ even if radical reform involving a gradation system and an expanded definition of sexual intercourse is introduced .
certain arguments do exist for [keeping] the word ‘ rape ’ even if radical reform involving a gradation system and an expanded definition of sexual intercourse is introduced .

Thus retaining the Bank 's good name
thus [keeping] the bank 's good name

Of course the most important issue of all is retaining the intrinsic beauty of the hills , not only for us , but for future generations .
of course the most important issue of all is [keeping] the intrinsic beauty of the hills , not only for us , but for future generations .

one of which incorporates a bridleway , a farm accommodation bridge , an agricultural underpass , two footbridges and various retaining walls .
one of which incorporates a bridleway , a farm accommodation bridge , an agricultural underpass , two footbridges and various [keeping] walls .

BridgeCare , with a staff of 25 based in Market Street , forms the other part of the Projects Division and attends to the maintenance of existing bridges and retaining walls as well as the design on new structures for roadworks .
bridgecare , with a staff of 25 based in market street , forms the other part of the projects division and attends to the maintenance of existing bridges and [keeping] walls as well as the design on new structures for roadworks .

They have been cast in-situ forming contiguous reinforced retaining walls .
they have been cast in-situ forming contiguous reinforced [keeping] walls .

‘ The increasing efficiency of agricultural producers and changes in agricultural policy mean that retaining as much land as possible in agricultural use no longer has the same priority . ’
‘ the increasing efficiency of agricultural producers and changes in agricultural policy mean that [keeping] as much land as possible in agricultural use no longer has the same priority . ’

It is our policy to promote and employ from within the organisation , wherever the worldwide opportunities may lie , retaining our talent , not losing it .
it is our policy to promote and employ from within the organisation , wherever the worldwide opportunities may lie , [keeping] our talent , not losing it .

Draught Guinness is well positioned to meet the current consumer trend for sophisticated premium products , while retaining its enviable heritage and tradition in the black beer market .
draught guinness is well positioned to meet the current consumer trend for sophisticated premium products , while [keeping] its enviable heritage and tradition in the black beer market .

That may also be construed as a counter offer , which the customer accepts by retaining the goods ; however , if a delivery note is sent with goods , and received by the buyer 's warehouse staff , the buyer may be able to argue that those staff have no actual or apparent authority to accept an offer .
that may also be construed as a counter offer , which the customer accepts by [keeping] the goods ; however , if a delivery note is sent with goods , and received by the buyer 's warehouse staff , the buyer may be able to argue that those staff have no actual or apparent authority to accept an offer .

One normally thinks in terms of the 3 year rule as applying to a person who emigrates from the United Kingdom whilst one considers that the 17 year rule is applicable to someone who becomes resident in the United Kingdom whilst retaining his overseas domicile under general principles .
one normally thinks in terms of the 3 year rule as applying to a person who emigrates from the united kingdom whilst one considers that the 17 year rule is applicable to someone who becomes resident in the united kingdom whilst [keeping] his overseas domicile under general principles .

; ( b ) communication and responsiveness ; ( c ) timeliness and billing ; ( d ) procedures ( eg for case acceptance , conflict checking , initial client interviews , file opening , limitation dates , reminder systems , case management , instructing counsel , retaining experts , locating and dealing with witnesses , starting and defending actions , discovery , pre-trial procedures and trial preparation ) ; ( e ) training , precedents and know-how ; ( f ) quality management .
; ( b ) communication and responsiveness ; ( c ) timeliness and billing ; ( d ) procedures ( eg for case acceptance , conflict checking , initial client interviews , file opening , limitation dates , reminder systems , case management , instructing counsel , [keeping] experts , locating and dealing with witnesses , starting and defending actions , discovery , pre-trial procedures and trial preparation ) ; ( e ) training , precedents and know-how ; ( f ) quality management .

During periods of anaerobic carbohydrate metabolism , the worms may also excrete pyruvic acid rather than retaining it for future oxidation when aerobic metabolism is possible .
during periods of anaerobic carbohydrate metabolism , the worms may also excrete pyruvic acid rather than [keeping] it for future oxidation when aerobic metabolism is possible .

In the situations covered in this chapter , however , the husband is retaining an interest in the matrimonial home until the happening of a certain event .
in the situations covered in this chapter , however , the husband is [keeping] an interest in the matrimonial home until the happening of a certain event .

Dobry 's detailed recommendations ( which totalled 161 ) were aimed in his words , at giving greater freedom to harmless development but also at guarding against harmful development by retaining the current scope of planning control ; at separating from the main stream of applications all those which might cause harm , and disposing of ‘ main stream applications ’ by rapid and routine procedures ; and applying the same approach to appeals .
dobry 's detailed recommendations ( which totalled 161 ) were aimed in his words , at giving greater freedom to harmless development but also at guarding against harmful development by [keeping] the current scope of planning control ; at separating from the main stream of applications all those which might cause harm , and disposing of ‘ main stream applications ’ by rapid and routine procedures ; and applying the same approach to appeals .

To the inner city local authority it offers at least the promise of retaining some economic activities that would otherwise leave the area ; and to the inner city resident it offers the prospect , as well as often the reality , of countryside recreation and relaxation .
to the inner city local authority it offers at least the promise of [keeping] some economic activities that would otherwise leave the area ; and to the inner city resident it offers the prospect , as well as often the reality , of countryside recreation and relaxation .

The Womens Artist Slide Library is pleased to announce that it has succeeded in retaining its Arts Council funding for the publication of Women 's Art Magazine and has been offered financial assistance towards the running of the organisation over the next year .
the womens artist slide library is pleased to announce that it has succeeded in [keeping] its arts council funding for the publication of women 's art magazine and has been offered financial assistance towards the running of the organisation over the next year .

Rather than ‘ playing safe ’ by retaining the styling features of the Renault 5 , the product planners looked to the future in developing the new Clio .
rather than ‘ playing safe ’ by [keeping] the styling features of the renault 5 , the product planners looked to the future in developing the new clio .

Before leaving camp that morning she had removed her T-shirt and jumper , retaining only her shirt , and now her exertions had stretched the gap to reveal an embarrassingly large amount of cleavage .
before leaving camp that morning she had removed her t-shirt and jumper , [keeping] only her shirt , and now her exertions had stretched the gap to reveal an embarrassingly large amount of cleavage .

If the commercial benefits to Visa of retaining the data do not outweigh the costs of their retention then there can be little hope that such data will be accessible to historians in the future .
if the commercial benefits to visa of [keeping] the data do not outweigh the costs of their retention then there can be little hope that such data will be accessible to historians in the future .

[ 5 ] Engineering instinct favours retaining the medium and format of issue to ensure compatibility with the original hardware .
[ 5 ] engineering instinct favours [keeping] the medium and format of issue to ensure compatibility with the original hardware .

The British government is committed to retaining the option for nuclear power , providing the industry can operate economically and meet rigorous safety and environmental standards , Energy Minister Tim Eggar told a London conference organised by the nuclear industry .
the british government is committed to [keeping] the option for nuclear power , providing the industry can operate economically and meet rigorous safety and environmental standards , energy minister tim eggar told a london conference organised by the nuclear industry .

The accumulator works by retaining heat within the engine and oil , thereby avoiding `` cold start `` pollution .
the accumulator works by [keeping] heat within the engine and oil , thereby avoiding `` cold start `` pollution .

Much confusion and ‘ disinformation ’ prevail concerning the issue of people retaining entitlement to benefits whilst participating in training schemes such as Training Links ( Worknet ) .
much confusion and ‘ disinformation ’ prevail concerning the issue of people [keeping] entitlement to benefits whilst participating in training schemes such as training links ( worknet ) .

Refurbished Gentlemen 's country residence retaining its charm and family atmosphere .
refurbished gentlemen 's country residence [keeping] its charm and family atmosphere .

One branch of the molluscs , very early in the group 's history , found a way of becoming highly mobile and yet retaining the protection of a large and heavy shell — they developed gas-filled flotation tanks .
one branch of the molluscs , very early in the group 's history , found a way of becoming highly mobile and yet [keeping] the protection of a large and heavy shell — they developed gas-filled flotation tanks .

Eventually , while still retaining their tadpole appearance , they become sexually mature and breed .
eventually , while still [keeping] their tadpole appearance , they become sexually mature and breed .

In some species the outside of the suds hardens into a dry crust , retaining the moisture within ; in others , the female regularly descends to the pond or stream beneath , absorbs water through her skin and then returns to the egg-mass and moistens it with her urine .
in some species the outside of the suds hardens into a dry crust , [keeping] the moisture within ; in others , the female regularly descends to the pond or stream beneath , absorbs water through her skin and then returns to the egg-mass and moistens it with her urine .

The Grand offers many modern facilities whilst retaining its Victorian grandeur .
the grand offers many modern facilities whilst [keeping] its victorian grandeur .

And it is hard to see how unions retaining the functions of protecting and advancing the interests of employees could be expected , or wish , to do so .
and it is hard to see how unions [keeping] the functions of protecting and advancing the interests of employees could be expected , or wish , to do so .

First , a presentation founded so largely on the view that equates the development of industrial democracy to the growth of the process of consultation by management of unions intent on retaining their traditional role which opposes them to management , does not provide a credible basis for the qualitative change , envisaged by the Report , in that role : a change to one of shared responsibility for management .
first , a presentation founded so largely on the view that equates the development of industrial democracy to the growth of the process of consultation by management of unions intent on [keeping] their traditional role which opposes them to management , does not provide a credible basis for the qualitative change , envisaged by the report , in that role : a change to one of shared responsibility for management .

The girl who is sexually uninhibited is more likely to reach old age retaining a healthy enjoyment of sex .
the girl who is sexually uninhibited is more likely to reach old age [keeping] a healthy enjoyment of sex .

Ebullient in character , a Nobel laureate retaining more than a touch of the New York kid , Feynman is keenly interested in teaching physics as well as creating it .
ebullient in character , a nobel laureate [keeping] more than a touch of the new york kid , feynman is keenly interested in teaching physics as well as creating it .

An immediate ceasefire , retaining sanctions until Iraq withdraws from Kuwait
an immediate ceasefire , [keeping] sanctions until iraq withdraws from kuwait

It can be argued that the English courts have concluded that the danger that the judgment of the directors might be swayed by their own personal interest in retaining control of the company takes the decision outside the province where we should defer to their skill and judgment .
it can be argued that the english courts have concluded that the danger that the judgment of the directors might be swayed by their own personal interest in [keeping] control of the company takes the decision outside the province where we should defer to their skill and judgment .

3 To give the company a more go-ahead image , while retaining the dependable aspect .
3 to give the company a more go-ahead image , while [keeping] the dependable aspect .

After the war they were reconstructed , retaining their essential appearance .
after the war they were reconstructed , [keeping] their essential appearance .

His own territorial base in Wales was relatively small , although in 1470 he was retaining men from his lordship of Chirk .
his own territorial base in wales was relatively small , although in 1470 he was [keeping] men from his lordship of chirk .

His major territorial acquisition , the duchy of Lancaster estates in the north west , was already staffed by royal servants who would now look to the duke while retaining their links with the crown .
his major territorial acquisition , the duchy of lancaster estates in the north west , was already staffed by royal servants who would now look to the duke while [keeping] their links with the crown .

He had begun retaining from Middleham ( the only one of the three lordships for which evidence survives ) by August 1471 , when he feed the earl 's auditor and councillor Thomas Metcalfe , and further indentures followed in the course of the autumn and winter .
he had begun [keeping] from middleham ( the only one of the three lordships for which evidence survives ) by august 1471 , when he feed the earl 's auditor and councillor thomas metcalfe , and further indentures followed in the course of the autumn and winter .

But in at least one case it can be shown that Richard was retaining in the area in the 1470s .
but in at least one case it can be shown that richard was [keeping] in the area in the 1470s .

Trade unionists also discovered that provision of benefits were an effective means of retaining members between periods of industrial militancy .
trade unionists also discovered that provision of benefits were an effective means of [keeping] members between periods of industrial militancy .

Contrasts form a large part of the innate charm of Malaysia , a country which has adapted and accepted change while still retaining its fabric of traditional values .
contrasts form a large part of the innate charm of malaysia , a country which has adapted and accepted change while still [keeping] its fabric of traditional values .

At the same time , however , the child 's status as a child is perhaps more tightly defined through employment legislation , the raising of the school-leaving age ( thus depriving the child of an independent source of income as well as retaining him or her within an institutionalized system of control ) , and the growth of a market geared to particular and distinctive images of childhood and adolescence .
at the same time , however , the child 's status as a child is perhaps more tightly defined through employment legislation , the raising of the school-leaving age ( thus depriving the child of an independent source of income as well as [keeping] him or her within an institutionalized system of control ) , and the growth of a market geared to particular and distinctive images of childhood and adolescence .

It was of course appreciated that the public at large was in favour of retaining the death penalty and that its abolition would be likely to lose votes for the Labour Party .
it was of course appreciated that the public at large was in favour of [keeping] the death penalty and that its abolition would be likely to lose votes for the labour party .

One well informed historian of the period believes that the Cabinet was in favour of retaining the death penalty by a majority of eleven to five , and this estimate was to be borne out in a vote in the Commons the following April .
one well informed historian of the period believes that the cabinet was in favour of [keeping] the death penalty by a majority of eleven to five , and this estimate was to be borne out in a vote in the commons the following april .

In short , they have used the advantages of ‘ scope ’ economies to limit their asset exposure while retaining control of the critical factors .
in short , they have used the advantages of ‘ scope ’ economies to limit their asset exposure while [keeping] control of the critical factors .

Where an innkeeper exercises the right of lien over the property of a guest , the innkeeper owes to the guest whose property the innkeeper is retaining a duty to take reasonable care of the property in question .
where an innkeeper exercises the right of lien over the property of a guest , the innkeeper owes to the guest whose property the innkeeper is [keeping] a duty to take reasonable care of the property in question .

In retaining people in the firm group rewards and group cohesion are powerful .
in [keeping] people in the firm group rewards and group cohesion are powerful .

Enjoying immunities from various forms of taxation and from administrative interference by the State , the monasteries were at a distinct advantage in accumulating land and retaining scarce peasant labour , and they benefited from a flow of bequests by repentant sons of the Church .
enjoying immunities from various forms of taxation and from administrative interference by the state , the monasteries were at a distinct advantage in accumulating land and [keeping] scarce peasant labour , and they benefited from a flow of bequests by repentant sons of the church .

Compelled to raise cash for payment of rent , redemption dues , taxes , and essential purchases , they were driven to sell as much grain as possible , retaining minimal reserves for subsistence and planting .
compelled to raise cash for payment of rent , redemption dues , taxes , and essential purchases , they were driven to sell as much grain as possible , [keeping] minimal reserves for subsistence and planting .

Any models developed need to maximise health gain while retaining the strength of the focus on individual patients .
any models developed need to maximise health gain while [keeping] the strength of the focus on individual patients .

Desperation and greed kept them going , so against the odds , they would achieve the prerequisite £4,000 or so worth of business a day , as well as somehow retaining much of their clientele , and in some mysterious way expanding it .
desperation and greed kept them going , so against the odds , they would achieve the prerequisite £4,000 or so worth of business a day , as well as somehow [keeping] much of their clientele , and in some mysterious way expanding it .

This is , of course , part of the technological solution of the computer manufacturer 's general marketing problem of capturing and retaining a customer base .
this is , of course , part of the technological solution of the computer manufacturer 's general marketing problem of capturing and [keeping] a customer base .

Because the stack is such a common programming device for retaining intermediate results in the right order ( for arithmetic calculation , syntactic analysis , subroutine and interrupt entry and return , etc . )
because the stack is such a common programming device for [keeping] intermediate results in the right order ( for arithmetic calculation , syntactic analysis , subroutine and interrupt entry and return , etc . )

Kleiman suggested that this was because his shadowing task had occupied space in the readers ' `` working memory `` — a kind of short-term memory useful in retaining numbers and words for just a few seconds .
kleiman suggested that this was because his shadowing task had occupied space in the readers ' `` working memory `` — a kind of short-term memory useful in [keeping] numbers and words for just a few seconds .

Many modern commentators , from Burke , Hamilton and Madison to the present day , have frankly seen the device of representation as a means of limiting popular participation and control , and of retaining the day-to-day powers of government in the hands of a ( preferably enlightened ) elite .
many modern commentators , from burke , hamilton and madison to the present day , have frankly seen the device of representation as a means of limiting popular participation and control , and of [keeping] the day-to-day powers of government in the hands of a ( preferably enlightened ) elite .

Britain is probably unique among democracies in retaining so many pre-democratic principles and institutions in a professedly democratic context , but it is in fact worth recalling .
britain is probably unique among democracies in [keeping] so many pre-democratic principles and institutions in a professedly democratic context , but it is in fact worth recalling .

Among the Odonata all the legs are adapted for seizing and retaining the prey and are hardly ever used for locomotory purposes , while in the Bombyliidae the slender legs are used for alighting rather than walking .
among the odonata all the legs are adapted for seizing and [keeping] the prey and are hardly ever used for locomotory purposes , while in the bombyliidae the slender legs are used for alighting rather than walking .

The chairmanships are shared between Conservative and Labour , the Government retaining some of the most sensitive , e.g .
the chairmanships are shared between conservative and labour , the government [keeping] some of the most sensitive , e.g .

Retaining the Working
[keeping] the working

The answers Wheatley gave to the first two questions were in favour of retaining the larger unit , but in both cases the government reversed this recommendation in the final legislation .
the answers wheatley gave to the first two questions were in favour of [keeping] the larger unit , but in both cases the government reversed this recommendation in the final legislation .

They identified the internal management of local authorities as an important factor in attracting arid retaining councillors and officers of sufficient calibre and went on to be very critical of the existing system .
they identified the internal management of local authorities as an important factor in attracting arid [keeping] councillors and officers of sufficient calibre and went on to be very critical of the existing system .

Denied a looking-glass to refine one 's sense of self , one may feel the desperation of the French photographer in the Beirut hostage drama ( screened as the opening film in the general programme ) ‘ Hors La Vie ’ when his mirror , his sole means of retaining his identity , was smashed by his captors .
denied a looking-glass to refine one 's sense of self , one may feel the desperation of the french photographer in the beirut hostage drama ( screened as the opening film in the general programme ) ‘ hors la vie ’ when his mirror , his sole means of [keeping] his identity , was smashed by his captors .

This is life-affirming stuff , undoubtedly cynical and perhaps even bitter , but retaining some glimmer of hope and resolution in spite of all that .
this is life-affirming stuff , undoubtedly cynical and perhaps even bitter , but [keeping] some glimmer of hope and resolution in spite of all that .

However , direct coercive sanctions require continuous effort , and may in fact be a rather brittle form of social control , so we should not expect dominant groups in different societies to rely wholly and simply on such crude means of retaining their power and privilege , especially where their position has long been entrenched .
however , direct coercive sanctions require continuous effort , and may in fact be a rather brittle form of social control , so we should not expect dominant groups in different societies to rely wholly and simply on such crude means of [keeping] their power and privilege , especially where their position has long been entrenched .

As a result their ex-pupils may compete better for those elite jobs which demand scientific credentials , while retaining the general socialisation we have described .
as a result their ex-pupils may compete better for those elite jobs which demand scientific credentials , while [keeping] the general socialisation we have described .

Guerrilla strength was restricted to certain mountainous regions and they had proved singularly incapable of retaining control of ‘ liberated areas ’ .
guerrilla strength was restricted to certain mountainous regions and they had proved singularly incapable of [keeping] control of ‘ liberated areas ’ .

In all , he 's given over $ 1 billion to charity , retaining about $ 1.4 billion for himself , his daughter and his second wife Leonore .
in all , he 's given over $ 1 billion to charity , [keeping] about $ 1.4 billion for himself , his daughter and his second wife leonore .

They want to be as certain of retaining India 's most idyllic coastline , as they are certain of continuing to have the sweetest melons , the most lyrical music , the loveliest women , and even the most perfectly shaped mangoes .
they want to be as certain of [keeping] india 's most idyllic coastline , as they are certain of continuing to have the sweetest melons , the most lyrical music , the loveliest women , and even the most perfectly shaped mangoes .

After some unhelpful discussion , which did at least confirm that the main concern of the United Kingdom delegation was that of discovery , that was dealt with in Article 23 , Article 1 retaining some residual signs of the drafting history .
after some unhelpful discussion , which did at least confirm that the main concern of the united kingdom delegation was that of discovery , that was dealt with in article 23 , article 1 [keeping] some residual signs of the drafting history .

18th century mansion house designed by Playfair , modernised but retaining rich character and its own friendly ghost .
18th century mansion house designed by playfair , modernised but [keeping] rich character and its own friendly ghost .

It will also have the objective of attracting and retaining young , high calibre people into the academic field to improve the standard of teaching .
it will also have the objective of attracting and [keeping] young , high calibre people into the academic field to improve the standard of teaching .

Recently refurbished but retaining all its original charm and warmth , the Terrace Hotel offers luxury and elegance together with a caring service and friendly atmosphere .
recently refurbished but [keeping] all its original charm and warmth , the terrace hotel offers luxury and elegance together with a caring service and friendly atmosphere .

attracting and retaining more high quality practitioners
attracting and [keeping] more high quality practitioners

If bricks are being used for steps , make sure you choose a frost-proof type , as you wold for paths or retaining walls .
if bricks are being used for steps , make sure you choose a frost-proof type , as you wold for paths or [keeping] walls .

Steps built out in front of retaining walls may look better if they 're ‘ returned ’ : the sides are built out on each step , to form rectangular , curved or rounded ends , filling in all or part of the space up to the retaining wall , so that each step continues round instead of ending abruptly at the side .
steps built out in front of [keeping] walls may look better if they 're ‘ returned ’ : the sides are built out on each step , to form rectangular , curved or rounded ends , filling in all or part of the space up to the [keeping] wall , so that each step continues round instead of ending abruptly at the side .

If the terrace is new , and there is a lot of backfill behind the retaining wall , the step shape which you have cut out will be crumbly and will not hold its shape .
if the terrace is new , and there is a lot of backfill behind the [keeping] wall , the step shape which you have cut out will be crumbly and will not hold its shape .

Where steps are built out in front of a retaining wall , much more work is involved , because the weight will not be spread at an angle along the underside of the steps , but will be concentrated on the earth directly below the steps .
where steps are built out in front of a [keeping] wall , much more work is involved , because the weight will not be spread at an angle along the underside of the steps , but will be concentrated on the earth directly below the steps .

Or retaining walls can be built on each side of the steps
or [keeping] walls can be built on each side of the steps

Where steps follow the slope of a bank , retaining walls can also be stepped
where steps follow the slope of a bank , [keeping] walls can also be stepped

Retaining walls should always be higher than surrounding ground
[keeping] walls should always be higher than surrounding ground

Dislikes were limited to the size and marking of the torque control ( difficult to see in dim light ) , and the strong spring of the battery retaining clip .
dislikes were limited to the size and marking of the torque control ( difficult to see in dim light ) , and the strong spring of the battery [keeping] clip .

The album looks likely to follow the success of the single while retaining a gritty , passionate , urban core .
the album looks likely to follow the success of the single while [keeping] a gritty , passionate , urban core .

The ghosts of the defeated civilizations flow unnoticed down the rivers , Guadalthis and Guadalthat , their names retaining an echo of the annihilated past .
the ghosts of the defeated civilizations flow unnoticed down the rivers , guadalthis and guadalthat , their names [keeping] an echo of the annihilated past .

Similarly , the work of Melanie Klein can be seen to have built upon Freud by retaining the death instincts in the area of the theory of personality development and psychoanalytic therapy .
similarly , the work of melanie klein can be seen to have built upon freud by [keeping] the death instincts in the area of the theory of personality development and psychoanalytic therapy .

‘ The country pub is one of the most important elements for retaining the community in the country , particularly as in recent times so many churches have closed .
‘ the country pub is one of the most important elements for [keeping] the community in the country , particularly as in recent times so many churches have closed .

‘ We are committed to retaining the nuclear option for the future , provided the industry can demonstrate that nuclear generation is economic and provided it can meet rigorous standards of safety and environmental protection . ’
‘ we are committed to [keeping] the nuclear option for the future , provided the industry can demonstrate that nuclear generation is economic and provided it can meet rigorous standards of safety and environmental protection . ’

He also deserves an honourable mention for working with Graham Knight and Carlton Brown , and retaining a sense of humour .
he also deserves an honourable mention for working with graham knight and carlton brown , and [keeping] a sense of humour .

Such damage normally involves earth retaining walls but unless the private residence is also damaged at the same time , there would be no cover for the damage to the wall under this section of the policy .
such damage normally involves earth [keeping] walls but unless the private residence is also damaged at the same time , there would be no cover for the damage to the wall under this section of the policy .

If the insured insists on retaining the original invoice , we will accept a copy invoice which bears a company stamp and the signature of an authorised signatory .
if the insured insists on [keeping] the original invoice , we will accept a copy invoice which bears a company stamp and the signature of an authorised signatory .

However the cover is subject to the Policyholder retaining a full third of the loss himself .
however the cover is subject to the policyholder [keeping] a full third of the loss himself .

Consequently , it was felt appropriate , as a preparatory step , to reduce the numbers of non-executive Directors while retaining a sufficient number for proper non-executive representation .
consequently , it was felt appropriate , as a preparatory step , to reduce the numbers of non-executive directors while [keeping] a sufficient number for proper non-executive representation .

It is clear that the Banks are preoccupied with keeping staffing to a minimum ; have no regard for retaining Key Posts and have totally disregarded Relief Staff .
it is clear that the banks are preoccupied with keeping staffing to a minimum ; have no regard for [keeping] key posts and have totally disregarded relief staff .

The strategy over the past few years has been to establish the University more actively in research , whilst retaining its commitment to excellence in teaching .
the strategy over the past few years has been to establish the university more actively in research , whilst [keeping] its commitment to excellence in teaching .

Following your memorandum of 5 August 1993 regarding the above retaining wall , the structure has been checked for the common modes of failure and appears to perform satisfactorily . The following points , however , should be incorporated in the design : —
following your memorandum of 5 august 1993 regarding the above [keeping] wall , the structure has been checked for the common modes of failure and appears to perform satisfactorily . the following points , however , should be incorporated in the design : —

The part of the city through which they were walking reminded Zen of Venice , but a Venice brutally fractured , as though each canal were a geological fault and the houses to either side had taken a plunge or been wrenched up all askew and left to tumble back on themselves , throwing out buttresses and retaining walls for support as best they could .
the part of the city through which they were walking reminded zen of venice , but a venice brutally fractured , as though each canal were a geological fault and the houses to either side had taken a plunge or been wrenched up all askew and left to tumble back on themselves , throwing out buttresses and [keeping] walls for support as best they could .

It must have been one of the old medieval roads into the city , now dosed to traffic by the concrete retaining wall of the ring boulevard .
it must have been one of the old medieval roads into the city , now dosed to traffic by the concrete [keeping] wall of the ring boulevard .

His own territorial base in Wales was relatively small , although in 1470 he was retaining men from his lordship of Chirk .
his own territorial base in wales was relatively small , although in 1470 he was [keeping] men from his lordship of chirk .

His major territorial acquisition , the duchy of Lancaster estates in the north west , was already staffed by royal servants who would now look to the duke while retaining their links with the crown .
his major territorial acquisition , the duchy of lancaster estates in the north west , was already staffed by royal servants who would now look to the duke while [keeping] their links with the crown .

He had begun retaining from Middleham ( the only one of the three lordships for which evidence survives ) by August 1471 , when he feed the earl 's auditor and councillor Thomas Metcalfe , and further indentures followed in the course of the autumn and winter .
he had begun [keeping] from middleham ( the only one of the three lordships for which evidence survives ) by august 1471 , when he feed the earl 's auditor and councillor thomas metcalfe , and further indentures followed in the course of the autumn and winter .

But in at least one case it can be shown that Richard was retaining in the area in the 1470s .
but in at least one case it can be shown that richard was [keeping] in the area in the 1470s .

The two patients who did not respond to retaining refused to have a second training sessions and were lost to follow up , after three months .
the two patients who did not respond to [keeping] refused to have a second training sessions and were lost to follow up , after three months .

Opportunities to study for recognised qualifications through sponsored schemes are becoming an indispensable part of organisations ' management development programmes and an invaluable means of recruiting and retaining highly-qualified and motivated staff .
opportunities to study for recognised qualifications through sponsored schemes are becoming an indispensable part of organisations ' management development programmes and an invaluable means of recruiting and [keeping] highly-qualified and motivated staff .

‘ Lessened inequalities ’ ( possibilities 1–6 ) is a type of social democratic perspective of retaining the market but reducing the income inequalities it generates in good measure .
‘ lessened inequalities ’ ( possibilities 1–6 ) is a type of social democratic perspective of [keeping] the market but reducing the income inequalities it generates in good measure .

However , these changes can be seen as largely superficial of and as a way of retaining the power of autocracy rather than as a genuine effort in creating a constitutional state .
however , these changes can be seen as largely superficial of and as a way of [keeping] the power of autocracy rather than as a genuine effort in creating a constitutional state .

Retaining walls have been built by John Rankin and George Ballantyne outside the entrance to the lower floor of the pattern room behind which the raised level of the new car park stretches across to open ground where the old Wilton sheds once stood .
[keeping] walls have been built by john rankin and george ballantyne outside the entrance to the lower floor of the pattern room behind which the raised level of the new car park stretches across to open ground where the old wilton sheds once stood .

( Bottom Right ) Whilst contractors prepare the ground for a smart new car park between the Pattern room and the Design Studio buildings , George Ballantyne ( right ) and John Rankin ( work 's slater and brick builders ) feed the cement mixer for the finishing touches to the retaining wall which they built .
( bottom right ) whilst contractors prepare the ground for a smart new car park between the pattern room and the design studio buildings , george ballantyne ( right ) and john rankin ( work 's slater and brick builders ) feed the cement mixer for the finishing touches to the [keeping] wall which they built .

Hungary expressed its desire to leave the alliance , while Czechoslovakia favoured retaining the Pact until the creation of a pan-European security system .
hungary expressed its desire to leave the alliance , while czechoslovakia favoured [keeping] the pact until the creation of a pan-european security system .

Although retaining its majority shareholding in development banks offering specialized loans , the government claimed that proceeds from the sale of its majority shareholding in others would be used to reduce the fiscal deficit and the burden of internal debt while consolidating the recovery of the economy .
although [keeping] its majority shareholding in development banks offering specialized loans , the government claimed that proceeds from the sale of its majority shareholding in others would be used to reduce the fiscal deficit and the burden of internal debt while consolidating the recovery of the economy .

They featured ( i ) the reinstatement of the Ministry of Justice ( abolished in 1966 ) , the minister having the right to overturn court rulings ; ( ii ) the guaranteeing to defendants of the assistance on demand of a defence lawyer , including at the investigation stage ; ( iii ) a reduction in the number of capital offences from 34 to 11 ( retaining as capital offences treason , espionage , terrorism , murder and `` economic crime `` such as sabotage and theft of state property ) , and the exclusion of women from capital punishment ; ( iv ) clearer definition of the crime of agitation and propaganda against the state ( which was no longer to be a capital offence ) , in order to prevent its abuse by the authorities ; ( v ) the redefinition of internment and deportation as penal rather than administrative sanctions ( i.e .
they featured ( i ) the reinstatement of the ministry of justice ( abolished in 1966 ) , the minister having the right to overturn court rulings ; ( ii ) the guaranteeing to defendants of the assistance on demand of a defence lawyer , including at the investigation stage ; ( iii ) a reduction in the number of capital offences from 34 to 11 ( [keeping] as capital offences treason , espionage , terrorism , murder and `` economic crime `` such as sabotage and theft of state property ) , and the exclusion of women from capital punishment ; ( iv ) clearer definition of the crime of agitation and propaganda against the state ( which was no longer to be a capital offence ) , in order to prevent its abuse by the authorities ; ( v ) the redefinition of internment and deportation as penal rather than administrative sanctions ( i.e .

Jiri Dienstbier and Vaclav Vales were both appointed Deputy Premier ( the former retaining his post of Foreign Minister ) .
jiri dienstbier and vaclav vales were both appointed deputy premier ( the former [keeping] his post of foreign minister ) .

In recent weeks Walesa had launched bitter attacks on the government , accusing it of delaying economic and political reform ( and especially of retaining former communists in the Cabinet ) and of making workers bear the brunt of the current economic austerity plan .
in recent weeks walesa had launched bitter attacks on the government , accusing it of delaying economic and political reform ( and especially of [keeping] former communists in the cabinet ) and of making workers bear the brunt of the current economic austerity plan .

On Nov. 14 Syeda Razia Faiz was appointed Minister of Women 's Affairs with Rezwanul Haq Chowdhury retaining the Social Welfare portfolio .
on nov. 14 syeda razia faiz was appointed minister of women 's affairs with rezwanul haq chowdhury [keeping] the social welfare portfolio .

Another Israeli stipulated that in the event of a defeat in a vote of confidence , the existing Cabinet was automatically transformed into an interim government , with all ministers retaining their portfolios .
another israeli stipulated that in the event of a defeat in a vote of confidence , the existing cabinet was automatically transformed into an interim government , with all ministers [keeping] their portfolios .

Despite the vehemence of the opposition , when a final version of the draft platform , retaining intact the proposals outlined by Gorbachev , was put to a vote by a show of hands on Feb. 7 it was adopted with only one vote against and one abstention .
despite the vehemence of the opposition , when a final version of the draft platform , [keeping] intact the proposals outlined by gorbachev , was put to a vote by a show of hands on feb. 7 it was adopted with only one vote against and one abstention .

The advantage of this type of role is that it 's similar to the traditional teacher role ; you 're retaining control .
the advantage of this type of role is that it 's similar to the traditional teacher role ; you 're [keeping] control .

However , the initiating member should consider retaining participating members on a fee-paying basis to contact and follow-up with prospective purchasers in a more direct ( also more time consuming ) manner .
however , the initiating member should consider [keeping] participating members on a fee-paying basis to contact and follow-up with prospective purchasers in a more direct ( also more time consuming ) manner .

Consider retaining Network members on a fee paying basis to deliver the Investment Overview to foreign prospective purchasers and thereby enhance preliminary contact and follow-up .
consider [keeping] network members on a fee paying basis to deliver the investment overview to foreign prospective purchasers and thereby enhance preliminary contact and follow-up .

Wording similar to that included below may be incorporated with the objective of retaining the benefit of an appointment regarded as quasi-arbitration in circumstances where there are risks that such benefits may be lost during the conduct of the engagement .
wording similar to that included below may be incorporated with the objective of [keeping] the benefit of an appointment regarded as quasi-arbitration in circumstances where there are risks that such benefits may be lost during the conduct of the engagement .

Making sure the grapnel was free , he swung it loosely in his right hand , retaining the coiled rope in his left .
making sure the grapnel was free , he swung it loosely in his right hand , [keeping] the coiled rope in his left .

Retaining only a dozen men to accompany the vehicles when they entered the grounds , he divided the remainder into two parties and dispatched them to cover the area north of the perimeter fence .
[keeping] only a dozen men to accompany the vehicles when they entered the grounds , he divided the remainder into two parties and dispatched them to cover the area north of the perimeter fence .

Less than an hour before the end Europe 's chances of retaining an outright lead were judged to be somewhere between slim and nil but that was before Mark James and Howard Clark made their massive contribution .
less than an hour before the end europe 's chances of [keeping] an outright lead were judged to be somewhere between slim and nil but that was before mark james and howard clark made their massive contribution .

Retaining The Angle 1
[keeping] the angle 1

( 3 ) Pull the club down in one smooth movement retaining as big a wrist angle as possible .
( 3 ) pull the club down in one smooth movement [keeping] as big a wrist angle as possible .

Retaining The Angle 2
[keeping] the angle 2

( 2 ) Pull the club down slowly , retaining as big a wrist angle as possible .
( 2 ) pull the club down slowly , [keeping] as big a wrist angle as possible .

This exercise ties in with the " Retaining The Angle " exercises and also helps to develop the left Latissimus Dorsi , Trapezius and Triceps muscles , which are responsible for starting the downswing .
this exercise ties in with the " [keeping] the angle " exercises and also helps to develop the left latissimus dorsi , trapezius and triceps muscles , which are responsible for starting the downswing .

The employer is building an internal labour market , with a view to retaining the skilled workers , but extends it to all employees , using payment premiums and participative management measures , in the hope of persuading workers to embrace such change as a competitive product market makes necessary .
the employer is building an internal labour market , with a view to [keeping] the skilled workers , but extends it to all employees , using payment premiums and participative management measures , in the hope of persuading workers to embrace such change as a competitive product market makes necessary .

In 1984 a new Designated Research Centre was established in its place , retaining the Unit 's original name .
in 1984 a new designated research centre was established in its place , [keeping] the unit 's original name .

The core of the Centre is its body of Research Fellows , drawn from the universities and retaining their academic base .
the core of the centre is its body of research fellows , drawn from the universities and [keeping] their academic base .

Meanwhile , eight of Portadown 's first team panel are currently out of contract , and manager Ronnie McFall will be deciding this week who he 'll be retaining .
meanwhile , eight of portadown 's first team panel are currently out of contract , and manager ronnie mcfall will be deciding this week who he 'll be [keeping] .

It 's difficult to determine what effect if any this defeat will have on Donegal 's prospects of retaining their Ulster and All Ireland crowns .
it 's difficult to determine what effect if any this defeat will have on donegal 's prospects of [keeping] their ulster and all ireland crowns .

In football , although the team lost the national league final they are in with a reasonable chance of retaining the All Ireland cup .
in football , although the team lost the national league final they are in with a reasonable chance of [keeping] the all ireland cup .

The outcome of the review was very much in favour , not only of retaining the department , but also of increasing and improving existing services for the benefit of both the Council and the Governing Bodies of Sport .
the outcome of the review was very much in favour , not only of [keeping] the department , but also of increasing and improving existing services for the benefit of both the council and the governing bodies of sport .

Lastly , if opposition is to be maintained , there will be the action of retaining and briefing counsel and arranging for evidence to be given before the commissioners .
lastly , if opposition is to be maintained , there will be the action of [keeping] and briefing counsel and arranging for evidence to be given before the commissioners .

Sparta had the distinction of retaining their women 's championship with a fine 39.15 but Dromore , in second place , produced the fastest stage runner in Jill Bruce , who clocked 9.16 .
sparta had the distinction of [keeping] their women 's championship with a fine 39.15 but dromore , in second place , produced the fastest stage runner in jill bruce , who clocked 9.16 .

Local teams confirmed their strength by notching up three of the four titles , with Lismore romping to a 38–9 win in the intermediate decider and Loreto , Omagh , retaining their crown with a 21–14 win over St Michaels .
local teams confirmed their strength by notching up three of the four titles , with lismore romping to a 38–9 win in the intermediate decider and loreto , omagh , [keeping] their crown with a 21–14 win over st michaels .

The performance of the stepping motor depends on the strength of this magnetic field ; a high value of flux leads to a high torque retaining the motor at its step position .
the performance of the stepping motor depends on the strength of this magnetic field ; a high value of flux leads to a high torque [keeping] the motor at its step position .

It is clear from these examples that and on the one hand and and on the other were not , or came not to be , co-extensive , the former pair being , or becoming , confined to specific grades of medreses , the latter retaining , or developing , a wider geographical significance whose Importance is not altogether clear beyond the fact that it was impossible to get very far in the hierarchy without having taught in the .
it is clear from these examples that and on the one hand and and on the other were not , or came not to be , co-extensive , the former pair being , or becoming , confined to specific grades of medreses , the latter [keeping] , or developing , a wider geographical significance whose importance is not altogether clear beyond the fact that it was impossible to get very far in the hierarchy without having taught in the .

In view of the differences in the natures of their jobs and in their locations , and in view of the lack of any mention of a connection between the two men , it is not impossible to suppose that they held their offices contemporaneously , that while Molla Yegan held the office of Mufti In conjunction with his other offices in Bursa , perhaps even retaining some official precedence over Fahreddin Acemi , the latter was appointed to an entirely new office , the Mufti of the capital , which was then Edirne .
in view of the differences in the natures of their jobs and in their locations , and in view of the lack of any mention of a connection between the two men , it is not impossible to suppose that they held their offices contemporaneously , that while molla yegan held the office of mufti in conjunction with his other offices in bursa , perhaps even [keeping] some official precedence over fahreddin acemi , the latter was appointed to an entirely new office , the mufti of the capital , which was then edirne .

Companies can meet these needs by internal financing-maintaining a liquidity cushion and/or retaining profits rather than distributing them to shareholders .
companies can meet these needs by internal financing-maintaining a liquidity cushion and/or [keeping] profits rather than distributing them to shareholders .

This usually involves removing three or four screws and sliding or rotating the lip at the front of the cover away from the retaining slot under the case front .
this usually involves removing three or four screws and sliding or rotating the lip at the front of the cover away from the [keeping] slot under the case front .

The user interface follows accepted Windows methods whilst retaining a strong individual identity , which is no bad thing , and shows that not all Windows applications need to be clones of each other .
the user interface follows accepted windows methods whilst [keeping] a strong individual identity , which is no bad thing , and shows that not all windows applications need to be clones of each other .

Her gaze skimmed over the fishing rods and tackle that were stored neatly against the side wall , and kept in place by a solid retaining bar .
her gaze skimmed over the fishing rods and tackle that were stored neatly against the side wall , and kept in place by a solid [keeping] bar .

Gina stared back at him stonily , her mouth still retaining a testimony to that fact .
gina stared back at him stonily , her mouth still [keeping] a testimony to that fact .

Retaining one for herself , she handed the other to Gina .
[keeping] one for herself , she handed the other to gina .

Long-term capital is mainly that provided by selling shares as described above and by retaining profits within the company .
long-term capital is mainly that provided by selling shares as described above and by [keeping] profits within the company .

The re-development took place while retaining the original ( 1910 ) granite and Portland stone façade on Great Tower Street and this was replicated at the rear of the building and down the open side on Idol Lane .
the re-development took place while [keeping] the original ( 1910 ) granite and portland stone façade on great tower street and this was replicated at the rear of the building and down the open side on idol lane .

Similar , though more simply decorated are two examples in Paris , the Hôtel de Cluny ( 514 ) and the Hôtel de Sens ( 458 ) , both late fifteenth century and both retaining finialled dormers and flamboyant window tracery .
similar , though more simply decorated are two examples in paris , the hôtel de cluny ( 514 ) and the hôtel de sens ( 458 ) , both late fifteenth century and both [keeping] finialled dormers and flamboyant window tracery .

Here the building was chiefly of wood , retaining the national craft styles already established .
here the building was chiefly of wood , [keeping] the national craft styles already established .

Neither the Conservatives nor Labour , therefore , had a chance of retaining or obtaining office unless they abandoned for the time being the principal position which they fought the election to obtain .
neither the conservatives nor labour , therefore , had a chance of [keeping] or obtaining office unless they abandoned for the time being the principal position which they fought the election to obtain .

Christianity has had far more success in winning adherents among the nations of the South , than in retaining Christians in its European heartland .
christianity has had far more success in winning adherents among the nations of the south , than in [keeping] christians in its european heartland .

contribution rule , which the Government insist on retaining until 1 April 1993 ; but our new clause 17 would also have the effect of abolishing , as from 1 April 1992 , this 20 per cent .
contribution rule , which the government insist on [keeping] until 1 april 1993 ; but our new clause 17 would also have the effect of abolishing , as from 1 april 1992 , this 20 per cent .

All that can be achieved without necessarily retaining the existing office of the Secretary of State for Scotland .
all that can be achieved without necessarily [keeping] the existing office of the secretary of state for scotland .

It is important that standard spending assessments should recognise that pay and the costs of recruiting and retaining staff are substantially higher in some areas than in others .
it is important that standard spending assessments should recognise that pay and the costs of recruiting and [keeping] staff are substantially higher in some areas than in others .

However , by retaining his flexibility of action the Secretary of State has drafted the Bill so as to allow him to weaken the necessary protections .
however , by [keeping] his flexibility of action the secretary of state has drafted the bill so as to allow him to weaken the necessary protections .

The castle is a human body and while retaining a conventional castle architecture , Spenser sets out to show how the well-organised body is a fortress which can maintain itself from attack by savage exterior forces .
the castle is a human body and while [keeping] a conventional castle architecture , spenser sets out to show how the well-organised body is a fortress which can maintain itself from attack by savage exterior forces .

Alternatively , drill a circle of holes and remove the disc made . The two centre holes allow a retaining wire to be fitted
alternatively , drill a circle of holes and remove the disc made . the two centre holes allow a [keeping] wire to be fitted

Not only do you have to find it , but you may have to knock out the retaining plug .
not only do you have to find it , but you may have to knock out the [keeping] plug .

For next time , attach a piece of wire to the retaining plug and nail it to the sides of the inspection chamber ( with a wire staple ) near to the top so that you can simply pull it out .
for next time , attach a piece of wire to the [keeping] plug and nail it to the sides of the inspection chamber ( with a wire staple ) near to the top so that you can simply pull it out .

Marley gutter joint with notches cut for retaining straps
marley gutter joint with notches cut for [keeping] straps

On the Marley system , the ends of gutters have a notch cut into them to fit the retaining clips at joints .
on the marley system , the ends of gutters have a notch cut into them to fit the [keeping] clips at joints .

Concepts should , in general , be described as simply as possible , whilst retaining sought and well-known terminology .
concepts should , in general , be described as simply as possible , whilst [keeping] sought and well-known terminology .

Parties , on the other hand , are the indispensable means for achieving or retaining power and thus for being able to implement and administer , over long periods , complex social policies .
parties , on the other hand , are the indispensable means for achieving or [keeping] power and thus for being able to implement and administer , over long periods , complex social policies .

Charles hoped that George 's assumption was right , that Michael Banks 's difficulty in retaining the lines was just the product of laziness .
charles hoped that george 's assumption was right , that michael banks 's difficulty in [keeping] the lines was just the product of laziness .

He had been fiercely possessive , racked by an agony of passionate wanting and yet somehow retaining sufficient control to assert his mastery , denying her fulfilment , waiting until she was almost weeping with desire , as if he needed to hear her husky throbbing pleas confirming his dominion in the relationship .
he had been fiercely possessive , racked by an agony of passionate wanting and yet somehow [keeping] sufficient control to assert his mastery , denying her fulfilment , waiting until she was almost weeping with desire , as if he needed to hear her husky throbbing pleas confirming his dominion in the relationship .

Retaining his grim silence , he continued to watch her .
[keeping] his grim silence , he continued to watch her .

The sample for testing is placed on the uppermost sieve after weighing , the retaining lid closed and the nest of sieves arranged in a mechanical shaker ( Fig .
the sample for testing is placed on the uppermost sieve after weighing , the [keeping] lid closed and the nest of sieves arranged in a mechanical shaker ( fig .

‘ There is of course no question of retaining the services of this man .
‘ there is of course no question of [keeping] the services of this man .

It was small , and aware of the virtues of remaining small , lurking ambiguously between hotel and pub , and retaining its hold on the local bar custom while it lured in the fanatical fishermen from half the county for weekend indulgences and occasional contests .
it was small , and aware of the virtues of remaining small , lurking ambiguously between hotel and pub , and [keeping] its hold on the local bar custom while it lured in the fanatical fishermen from half the county for weekend indulgences and occasional contests .

The top part of the well section can not be seen from the entrance viewpoint as it lies behind the retaining wall and is covered by earth and vegetation .
the top part of the well section can not be seen from the entrance viewpoint as it lies behind the [keeping] wall and is covered by earth and vegetation .

Attracting new operations to Glasgow , securing second round expansion of recent arrivals and retaining existing operations , all contribute to the economic development of the city .
attracting new operations to glasgow , securing second round expansion of recent arrivals and [keeping] existing operations , all contribute to the economic development of the city .

Retaining existing jobs is as important as attracting new ones .
[keeping] existing jobs is as important as attracting new ones .

Given that San Sebastian was then a hive of intrigue and rumour ; that there were multiple connections between the parties involved ; and that they had a common interest in retaining political initiative in their own , civilian hands , it seems not impossible that the Falangists and Carlists were aware of the negotiations between Cavaletti and Aguirre .
given that san sebastian was then a hive of intrigue and rumour ; that there were multiple connections between the parties involved ; and that they had a common interest in [keeping] political initiative in their own , civilian hands , it seems not impossible that the falangists and carlists were aware of the negotiations between cavaletti and aguirre .

Nevertheless , the party contained not a few who disapproved of the caution of the Labour leadership in retaining the electoral truce yet apparently obtaining so few significant concessions in respect of policy from the coalition government . In an article published in America Harold Laski attacked both Attlee and the trade union leadership :
nevertheless , the party contained not a few who disapproved of the caution of the labour leadership in [keeping] the electoral truce yet apparently obtaining so few significant concessions in respect of policy from the coalition government . in an article published in america harold laski attacked both attlee and the trade union leadership :

The postholder is expected to develop expertise in the area of his/her current specialism while retaining a good working knowledge of all other areas of the Department 's statutory requirements .
the postholder is expected to develop expertise in the area of his/her current specialism while [keeping] a good working knowledge of all other areas of the department 's statutory requirements .

The postholder is required to provide a high level of expertise in his/her current specialism to senior management and the other Divisions while retaining a detailed knowledge of all other areas of the Department 's enforcement/advisory provisions .
the postholder is required to provide a high level of expertise in his/her current specialism to senior management and the other divisions while [keeping] a detailed knowledge of all other areas of the department 's enforcement/advisory provisions .

With plans formulated , Kate is then allocated a budget to cover all aspects of the landscaping . As well as buying the necessary trees , shrubs , paving , fencing and seating required , Kate also gives attention to retaining the character of each site by ensuring that any existing trees or features of natural beauty
with plans formulated , kate is then allocated a budget to cover all aspects of the landscaping . as well as buying the necessary trees , shrubs , paving , fencing and seating required , kate also gives attention to [keeping] the character of each site by ensuring that any existing trees or features of natural beauty

Consequently , when the question formula is used , the notion of a predicate is present , but there is no presupposition of an entity ; therefore there is no problem in retaining an adverbial property , but an adjectival property is left without any entity to apply to .
consequently , when the question formula is used , the notion of a predicate is present , but there is no presupposition of an entity ; therefore there is no problem in [keeping] an adverbial property , but an adjectival property is left without any entity to apply to .

Valdimir Dlouhy , Czech Trade and Tourism and Industry Minister , reportedly described retaining a common currency as `` political suicide `` and said that there was `` no way `` in which the Czech republic would commit itself through a common currency to financing Slovak budget deficits .
valdimir dlouhy , czech trade and tourism and industry minister , reportedly described [keeping] a common currency as `` political suicide `` and said that there was `` no way `` in which the czech republic would commit itself through a common currency to financing slovak budget deficits .

Valdimir Dlouhy , Czech Trade and Tourism and Industry Minister , reportedly described retaining a common currency as `` political suicide `` and said that there was `` no way `` in which the Czech republic would commit itself through a common currency to financing Slovak budget deficits .
valdimir dlouhy , czech trade and tourism and industry minister , reportedly described [keeping] a common currency as `` political suicide `` and said that there was `` no way `` in which the czech republic would commit itself through a common currency to financing slovak budget deficits .

On May 14 Eti made wholesale changes in the composition of his Cabinet , retaining only two of the ministers who had served in his previous administration .
on may 14 eti made wholesale changes in the composition of his cabinet , [keeping] only two of the ministers who had served in his previous administration .

Ratsiraka handed over many of his responsibilities to Razanamasy , although retaining the portfolios of Defence and Foreign Affairs .
ratsiraka handed over many of his responsibilities to razanamasy , although [keeping] the portfolios of defence and foreign affairs .

There were no alterations in key positions , the Foreign Minister , Antonis Samaras , the Defence Minister , Yannis Varvitsiotis , and the Finance Minister , Yannis Paliokrassas , retaining their posts .
there were no alterations in key positions , the foreign minister , antonis samaras , the defence minister , yannis varvitsiotis , and the finance minister , yannis paliokrassas , [keeping] their posts .

At the same time the ministries of Justice and Education were separated , Antonio Francisco Salonia retaining the Education portfolio , and the responsibilities of the Public Works and Services Ministry , accused of corrupt dealings , were transferred to the Economy Ministry .
at the same time the ministries of justice and education were separated , antonio francisco salonia [keeping] the education portfolio , and the responsibilities of the public works and services ministry , accused of corrupt dealings , were transferred to the economy ministry .

Rabin indicated that a Labour government would favour working out an offer of autonomy for the Palestinians and would freeze settlements in the occupied territories , although he would insist on retaining `` in principle `` the right to strengthen existing settlements in East Jerusalem , the Golan Heights and the Jordan Valley .
rabin indicated that a labour government would favour working out an offer of autonomy for the palestinians and would freeze settlements in the occupied territories , although he would insist on [keeping] `` in principle `` the right to strengthen existing settlements in east jerusalem , the golan heights and the jordan valley .

This implicit acceptance of the wider consequences of removing the right to abortion — opinion surveys showed consistent majority support for retaining the 1973 precedent — together with the emergence of the three-member centrist bloc on the Court , threw doubt on the widespread assumption that it was only a matter of time before the Court eventually overturned Roe v. Wade .
this implicit acceptance of the wider consequences of removing the right to abortion — opinion surveys showed consistent majority support for [keeping] the 1973 precedent — together with the emergence of the three-member centrist bloc on the court , threw doubt on the widespread assumption that it was only a matter of time before the court eventually overturned roe v. wade .

President Momoh on Sept. 23 named a new 18-member Cabinet , retaining only seven members of the previous goverment .
president momoh on sept. 23 named a new 18-member cabinet , [keeping] only seven members of the previous goverment .

Bosnia-Hercegovina and Macedonia favoured a third option ; a `` community `` of republics with a federal police force and army , a single currency and full monetary union , but with each member of the community also retaining its own army , and holding an equitable proportion of the federal offices and services .
bosnia-hercegovina and macedonia favoured a third option ; a `` community `` of republics with a federal police force and army , a single currency and full monetary union , but with each member of the community also [keeping] its own army , and holding an equitable proportion of the federal offices and services .

While retaining some basic provisions of the original act , the reforms severely curbed official powers , including limiting detention without trial to 10 days .
while [keeping] some basic provisions of the original act , the reforms severely curbed official powers , including limiting detention without trial to 10 days .

Two private domestic companies in the controlling consortium , Amadeo Rivas and Construcciones Devicenzo , now owned 36 per cent of the capital , with the Aerolíneas workforce retaining a 10 per cent stake and the government 5 per cent .
two private domestic companies in the controlling consortium , amadeo rivas and construcciones devicenzo , now owned 36 per cent of the capital , with the aerolíneas workforce [keeping] a 10 per cent stake and the government 5 per cent .

In political matters , this was represented by a joint commitment to reinforce and promote democracy and political pluralism while retaining full respect for national sovereignty .
in political matters , this was represented by a joint commitment to reinforce and promote democracy and political pluralism while [keeping] full respect for national sovereignty .

The special session had been called to discuss a far-reaching LDP-sponsored electoral reform package , the success of which was seen by many commentators to be crucial to Kaifu 's chances of retaining the party leadership ( and , therefore , the premiership ) when his current term expired in October 1991 .
the special session had been called to discuss a far-reaching ldp-sponsored electoral reform package , the success of which was seen by many commentators to be crucial to kaifu 's chances of [keeping] the party leadership ( and , therefore , the premiership ) when his current term expired in october 1991 .

The Commission proposed retaining the principle of paying farmers direct subsidies to compensate for significant cuts in price support from 1993 to 1996 .
the commission proposed [keeping] the principle of paying farmers direct subsidies to compensate for significant cuts in price support from 1993 to 1996 .

The scheme , based on each province 's population , provided for the centre retaining one-fifth of the total pool , with the remainder being split between the Punjab ( 57.88 per cent ) ; Sind ( 23.28 per cent ) ; North-West Frontier Province ( 13.50 per cent ) and Baluchistan ( 5.30 per cent ) .
the scheme , based on each province 's population , provided for the centre [keeping] one-fifth of the total pool , with the remainder being split between the punjab ( 57.88 per cent ) ; sind ( 23.28 per cent ) ; north-west frontier province ( 13.50 per cent ) and baluchistan ( 5.30 per cent ) .

The bill was returned to the Sejm with some 40 amendments , mostly aimed at retaining the Senate 's powers , but not broadening presidential powers .
the bill was returned to the sejm with some 40 amendments , mostly aimed at [keeping] the senate 's powers , but not broadening presidential powers .

On Nov. 29 the new Prime Minister carried out a large-scale reorganization of the ( now all-male ) Cabinet , retaining Hurd as Foreign and Commonwealth Secretary and appointing Norman Lamont as Chancellor of the Exchequer , while Heseltine became Environment Secretary ( a post which he had held under Thatcher in 1979-83 ) and two ministers entered the Cabinet for the first time : Ian Lang and David Mellor .
on nov. 29 the new prime minister carried out a large-scale reorganization of the ( now all-male ) cabinet , [keeping] hurd as foreign and commonwealth secretary and appointing norman lamont as chancellor of the exchequer , while heseltine became environment secretary ( a post which he had held under thatcher in 1979-83 ) and two ministers entered the cabinet for the first time : ian lang and david mellor .

Previous elections had been partial , with `` senior parliamentarians `` ( those elected to represent mainland Chinese constituencies in the late 1940s ) simply retaining their seats [ see p. 37122 for previous Legislative Yuan elections held in December 1989 ] .
previous elections had been partial , with `` senior parliamentarians `` ( those elected to represent mainland chinese constituencies in the late 1940s ) simply [keeping] their seats [ see p. 37122 for previous legislative yuan elections held in december 1989 ] .

He announced the appointment of a new Exco , bringing in leading lawyers and academics , while retaining many of the non-politicians appointed by his predecessor Lord Wilson of Tillyorn .
he announced the appointment of a new exco , bringing in leading lawyers and academics , while [keeping] many of the non-politicians appointed by his predecessor lord wilson of tillyorn .

On Oct. 21 the German Bundesbank lowered its securities repurchase rate from 8.9 to 8.75 per cent ( while retaining unchanged its discount and Lombard rates at 8.25 and 9.5 per cent respectively ) , the Belgian and Netherlands discount rates were cut from 8 per cent ( the rate effective since Sept. 16 ) to 7.75 per cent and the Austrian discount rate from 8.25 to 8 per cent .
on oct. 21 the german bundesbank lowered its securities repurchase rate from 8.9 to 8.75 per cent ( while [keeping] unchanged its discount and lombard rates at 8.25 and 9.5 per cent respectively ) , the belgian and netherlands discount rates were cut from 8 per cent ( the rate effective since sept. 16 ) to 7.75 per cent and the austrian discount rate from 8.25 to 8 per cent .

But 90 was thought to be too many to be easily controlled from the centre , which meant retaining the existing tier of regional administration as an executive arm of government , while the variation in population size was tackled by creating a third tier of management in large areas : the district .
but 90 was thought to be too many to be easily controlled from the centre , which meant [keeping] the existing tier of regional administration as an executive arm of government , while the variation in population size was tackled by creating a third tier of management in large areas : the district .

This maxim is generally quoted as explaining certain implications which may arise from the fact that , or the circumstances under which , an owner of land grants or demises part of it , retaining the remainder in his own hands .
this maxim is generally quoted as explaining certain implications which may arise from the fact that , or the circumstances under which , an owner of land grants or demises part of it , [keeping] the remainder in his own hands .

Instead , the computer control means that both meat and vegetables are as near perfect and succulent as possible while retaining correct levels of moisture .
instead , the computer control means that both meat and vegetables are as near perfect and succulent as possible while [keeping] correct levels of moisture .

In the meantime , database designers can strengthen the chances of protection by retaining copies of layouts and specifications for databases on the basis that anyone copying the structure of their database indirectly infringes the copyright subsisting in these materials , subject to them not being dictated by function .
in the meantime , database designers can strengthen the chances of protection by [keeping] copies of layouts and specifications for databases on the basis that anyone copying the structure of their database indirectly infringes the copyright subsisting in these materials , subject to them not being dictated by function .

This approach is in line with common sense and prevents others from flouting patent law by changing details of an invention whilst retaining the underlying principles involved and is justified on the basis that patent specifications and claims are directed to technical people , not lawyers .
this approach is in line with common sense and prevents others from flouting patent law by changing details of an invention whilst [keeping] the underlying principles involved and is justified on the basis that patent specifications and claims are directed to technical people , not lawyers .

In summary , Whitbread plc recognises the value of retaining its employees and therefore the company aims to develop from within .
in summary , whitbread plc recognises the value of [keeping] its employees and therefore the company aims to develop from within .

We must also contrast the dithyramb with the other kinds of choral song developed by the Greeks , all essentially Apolline , in which there is no `` entering into `` and the singers remain `` themselves `` , retaining their names and keeping a sense of their ordinary civic status .
we must also contrast the dithyramb with the other kinds of choral song developed by the greeks , all essentially apolline , in which there is no `` entering into `` and the singers remain `` themselves `` , [keeping] their names and keeping a sense of their ordinary civic status .

On this marriage the Dalisons moved to West Peckham , although retaining all their property here at Halling .
on this marriage the dalisons moved to west peckham , although [keeping] all their property here at halling .

On the other hand , a sudden large weight gain that 's not from eating good food , but from retaining large amounts of fluid , could be a sign of pre-eclampsia , a condition that restricts the blood flow to the placenta .
on the other hand , a sudden large weight gain that 's not from eating good food , but from [keeping] large amounts of fluid , could be a sign of pre-eclampsia , a condition that restricts the blood flow to the placenta .

The dilemma is that it is difficult to take avoiding action : if activities are cut back there is no way of retaining or regaining market position — if activities are increased that means more spending and more risks .
the dilemma is that it is difficult to take avoiding action : if activities are cut back there is no way of [keeping] or regaining market position — if activities are increased that means more spending and more risks .

The results of this study are consistent with a defect in the ileal transport of bile acids in patients with cystic fibrosis with over a third of such patients retaining significantly less radiolabelled bile acids over a seven day period compared with control subjects .
the results of this study are consistent with a defect in the ileal transport of bile acids in patients with cystic fibrosis with over a third of such patients [keeping] significantly less radiolabelled bile acids over a seven day period compared with control subjects .

Retaining the anal mucosa sometimes results in bleeding from the involved mucosa but discrimination may be improved by avoiding mucosectomy .
[keeping] the anal mucosa sometimes results in bleeding from the involved mucosa but discrimination may be improved by avoiding mucosectomy .

Long-term capital is mainly that provided by selling shares as described above and by retaining profits within the company .
long-term capital is mainly that provided by selling shares as described above and by [keeping] profits within the company .

It should not be supposed from such criteria for choosing Christianity or retaining paganism that pagans were so simple-minded as to think prosperity and material adversity automatic grounds for conversion or retention of paganism as the case might be .
it should not be supposed from such criteria for choosing christianity or [keeping] paganism that pagans were so simple-minded as to think prosperity and material adversity automatic grounds for conversion or retention of paganism as the case might be .

Is it that you may actually have lost fat but the loss may not show much on the scales because you are retaining water .
is it that you may actually have lost fat but the loss may not show much on the scales because you are [keeping] water .

There is concern that benefits may not be effective in recruiting , retaining and motivating employees .
there is concern that benefits may not be effective in recruiting , [keeping] and motivating employees .

Putting large numbers of teachers under annual threat of redundancy was not an authentic way of recruiting , retaining or motivating them .
putting large numbers of teachers under annual threat of redundancy was not an authentic way of recruiting , [keeping] or motivating them .

His captain , Gooch , thinks highly of the 21-year-old from Watford and his continuing fitness will be crucial to Essex hopes of retaining the county championship .
his captain , gooch , thinks highly of the 21-year-old from watford and his continuing fitness will be crucial to essex hopes of [keeping] the county championship .

We have seen that landowners have from early times sought methods of retaining their land in the family .
we have seen that landowners have from early times sought methods of [keeping] their land in the family .

They can remain for many years in cold and hostile environments while retaining their toxicity , and they have a tendency to remain in living organisms .
they can remain for many years in cold and hostile environments while [keeping] their toxicity , and they have a tendency to remain in living organisms .

Thus , the abstract ‘ idea ’ of ‘ man ’ , what Locke calls a nominal essence , differs from that of ‘ Peter ’ and ‘ Paul ’ 'in the leaving out something , that is peculiar to each individual ; and retaining so much of those particular complex ideas , of several particular existences , as they are found to agree in .
thus , the abstract ‘ idea ’ of ‘ man ’ , what locke calls a nominal essence , differs from that of ‘ peter ’ and ‘ paul ’ 'in the leaving out something , that is peculiar to each individual ; and [keeping] so much of those particular complex ideas , of several particular existences , as they are found to agree in .

In the shallow sloping terraced garden , with drystone retaining walls , there is a sunken circular garden with a seat all round it and a slate floor which was used for having tea in the shade on boiling afternoons .
in the shallow sloping terraced garden , with drystone [keeping] walls , there is a sunken circular garden with a seat all round it and a slate floor which was used for having tea in the shade on boiling afternoons .

But a paper that has lost half its readers and most of its advertisers , while retaining its cantankerous and costly unions , is unlikely to be an attractive proposition in the middle of a recession .
but a paper that has lost half its readers and most of its advertisers , while [keeping] its cantankerous and costly unions , is unlikely to be an attractive proposition in the middle of a recession .

To get him though the difficult months ahead , Mr Kaifu has insisted on retaining Taro Nakayama as foreign minister and Ryutaro Hashimoto as finance minister .
to get him though the difficult months ahead , mr kaifu has insisted on [keeping] taro nakayama as foreign minister and ryutaro hashimoto as finance minister .

If price cuts on this scale continue , they will make retaining the kitchenware business an expensive , as well as a sentimental , indulgence .
if price cuts on this scale continue , they will make [keeping] the kitchenware business an expensive , as well as a sentimental , indulgence .

Between the 14th day of September 1987 and the 8th day of January 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in Blue Arrow , or National Westminster Bank , or in dealing on the Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 By dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of Blue Arrow ; 2.2 By falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 By falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in Blue Arrow held by County NatWest Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 By falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in Blue Arrow held by Phillips & Drew Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 By dealing off market with Union Bank of Switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in Blue Arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 By creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 October 1987 from Nicholas Wells on behalf of County NatWest to Union Bank Of Switzerland ; 2.7 By engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of Blue Arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 By purchasing and retaining 2,150 Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in Blue Arrow , where Blue Arrow and National Westminster Bank were both component parts of that index .
between the 14th day of september 1987 and the 8th day of january 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in blue arrow , or national westminster bank , or in dealing on the financial times stock exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 by dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of blue arrow ; 2.2 by falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 by falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in blue arrow held by county natwest securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 by falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in blue arrow held by phillips & drew securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 by dealing off market with union bank of switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in blue arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 by creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 october 1987 from nicholas wells on behalf of county natwest to union bank of switzerland ; 2.7 by engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of blue arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 by purchasing and [keeping] 2,150 financial times stock exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in blue arrow , where blue arrow and national westminster bank were both component parts of that index .

Mr Kinnock and his foreign affairs spokesman , Gerald Kaufman , have insisted that the party is united behind Labour 's policy of retaining Britain 's nuclear capability until world stocks are eliminated .
mr kinnock and his foreign affairs spokesman , gerald kaufman , have insisted that the party is united behind labour 's policy of [keeping] britain 's nuclear capability until world stocks are eliminated .

Thus the yield is 11.75 p.c. before Pep charges which should not reduce the income received below 10.25 p.c. per annum — while retaining the possibility of higher returns if dividends paid by the underlying stocks rise .
thus the yield is 11.75 p.c. before pep charges which should not reduce the income received below 10.25 p.c. per annum — while [keeping] the possibility of higher returns if dividends paid by the underlying stocks rise .

‘ Many of our recent troubles in retaining and maintaining public confidence might have been less severe and more easily solved if we had not begun to depart from the traditional relationships between ranks , ’ he added .
‘ many of our recent troubles in [keeping] and maintaining public confidence might have been less severe and more easily solved if we had not begun to depart from the traditional relationships between ranks , ’ he added .

Whichever design wins , it is certain that personal computers will continue to shrink , while retaining almost full compatibility with desktop and larger systems .
whichever design wins , it is certain that personal computers will continue to shrink , while [keeping] almost full compatibility with desktop and larger systems .

The species is beautifully preserved , retaining something of its original lustre , and all the fine details of its ornament .
the species is beautifully preserved , [keeping] something of its original lustre , and all the fine details of its ornament .

This specimen is exceptionally well-preserved , retaining its spines where they fell around the animal as it died .
this specimen is exceptionally well-preserved , [keeping] its spines where they fell around the animal as it died .

The specimen is perfectly preserved — retaining even the finest details of its external surface .
the specimen is perfectly preserved — [keeping] even the finest details of its external surface .

This trilobite is exceptionally well-preserved , retaining its original convexity and shell-material .
this trilobite is exceptionally well-preserved , [keeping] its original convexity and shell-material .

We will give users control over the options for care and provide services in a way which guarantees individuals maximum independence while retaining existing community links .
we will give users control over the options for care and provide services in a way which guarantees individuals maximum independence while [keeping] existing community links .

Corfu gets better every year , and still manages to do all this while retaining its charm and identity as a Greek island .
corfu gets better every year , and still manages to do all this while [keeping] its charm and identity as a greek island .

We are constantly searching for ways to better the nutritional quality of our menu , whilst retaining the characteristic taste and flavour of our food .
we are constantly searching for ways to better the nutritional quality of our menu , whilst [keeping] the characteristic taste and flavour of our food .

While retaining a measure of separate functioning , these systems may again become components of yet more highly complex ones .
while [keeping] a measure of separate functioning , these systems may again become components of yet more highly complex ones .

The newcomer trades his forbearance of the existing young against the collaboration of the old male in retaining the harem .
the newcomer trades his forbearance of the existing young against the collaboration of the old male in [keeping] the harem .

We will review the 80 or so statutory restrictions which exist on the disclosure of information — retaining only those needed to protect privacy and essential confidentiality .
we will review the 80 or so statutory restrictions which exist on the disclosure of information — [keeping] only those needed to protect privacy and essential confidentiality .

Cut off the water supply to the tap to be converted , then unscrew the retaining screw holding the tap handle . The screw may be hidden beneath a coloured plastic disc , which needs levering out
cut off the water supply to the tap to be converted , then unscrew the [keeping] screw holding the tap handle . the screw may be hidden beneath a coloured plastic disc , which needs levering out

This involves unscrewing the retaining nut , removing the end cap and plunger and prising out the old diaphragm with a small screwdriver .
this involves unscrewing the [keeping] nut , removing the end cap and plunger and prising out the old diaphragm with a small screwdriver .

Retaining the roof slope can add to the character of the conversion with a variation from regular box-shaped rooms .
[keeping] the roof slope can add to the character of the conversion with a variation from regular box-shaped rooms .

It is available with retaining chains or webbing straps .
it is available with [keeping] chains or webbing straps .

The existing stone walling was retained and the original massiveness of the east elevation was preserved and even emphasised by retaining the high level ventilation slits and minimising the number of new windows on this sunless side .
the existing stone walling was retained and the original massiveness of the east elevation was preserved and even emphasised by [keeping] the high level ventilation slits and minimising the number of new windows on this sunless side .

To date , it appears that no developer has been prepared to challenge the accepted policy by retaining and adapting a low-rise factory structure for housing rather than choosing demolition and redevelopment .
to date , it appears that no developer has been prepared to challenge the accepted policy by [keeping] and adapting a low-rise factory structure for housing rather than choosing demolition and redevelopment .

The plan for converting the large volumes of the mill interior into living accommodation involved retaining the entrance into the lean-to engine house and using it as the main entrance to the building .
the plan for converting the large volumes of the mill interior into living accommodation involved [keeping] the entrance into the lean-to engine house and using it as the main entrance to the building .

With winnings of £75,134 from 11 tournaments this year , De Lorenzi is almost assured of retaining her Order of Merit title .
with winnings of £75,134 from 11 tournaments this year , de lorenzi is almost assured of [keeping] her order of merit title .

The controversy surrounding the interpretation of Aristotle 's conception of form is unending , but , on all interpretations , his objective is to give forms as great an affinity with particulars as is possible , consistent with their retaining a sort of generality which is , so to speak , released in the intellect when they are thought .
the controversy surrounding the interpretation of aristotle 's conception of form is unending , but , on all interpretations , his objective is to give forms as great an affinity with particulars as is possible , consistent with their [keeping] a sort of generality which is , so to speak , released in the intellect when they are thought .

If it is the simple physical characteristics of a stimulus that play the key role in generalizations about behaviour , then we might expect to find patients who have lost the ability to lip-read and lost the ability to judge expression , but not patients who have lost only one of these two abilities while retaining the other .
if it is the simple physical characteristics of a stimulus that play the key role in generalizations about behaviour , then we might expect to find patients who have lost the ability to lip-read and lost the ability to judge expression , but not patients who have lost only one of these two abilities while [keeping] the other .

• As you build up and level out areas of the garden , keep the soil in place using retaining walls .
• as you build up and level out areas of the garden , keep the soil in place using [keeping] walls .

Inadequately treated wood is not worth bothering with : the retaining walls are too fundamental to the design and structure to take any risks .
inadequately treated wood is not worth bothering with : the [keeping] walls are too fundamental to the design and structure to take any risks .

As they lie smoothly on top of one another , they were also used for the principal retaining walk around the lawn .
as they lie smoothly on top of one another , they were also used for the principal [keeping] walk around the lawn .

6 Low retaining wall ( Forest border timbers )
6 low [keeping] wall ( forest border timbers )

10 Retaining wall ( Forest minisleepers laid horizontally )
10 [keeping] wall ( forest minisleepers laid horizontally )

14 Retaining wall ( Forest palisades set vertically )
14 [keeping] wall ( forest palisades set vertically )

Accordingly , he read arts in his first year ; commerce ( which included accounting , commercial law , political science and a couple of doses of mathematics ) in his second ; arts ( though strangely retaining political science ) for his third and fourth years , to which was added zoology .
accordingly , he read arts in his first year ; commerce ( which included accounting , commercial law , political science and a couple of doses of mathematics ) in his second ; arts ( though strangely [keeping] political science ) for his third and fourth years , to which was added zoology .

Product-container compatibility includes all possible interactions between product and container such as absorption of constituents of the product by the container , leaching of constituents of the container by the product , corrosion or other adverse effects of the product on the container and the barrier properties of the container ; that is , its effectiveness in protecting the contents from the adverse effects of atmospheric oxygen and/or water vapour and in retaining water and other volatile constituents of the product .
product-container compatibility includes all possible interactions between product and container such as absorption of constituents of the product by the container , leaching of constituents of the container by the product , corrosion or other adverse effects of the product on the container and the barrier properties of the container ; that is , its effectiveness in protecting the contents from the adverse effects of atmospheric oxygen and/or water vapour and in [keeping] water and other volatile constituents of the product .

Many are also remarkably unaltered , retaining original pews and galleries , often in an intriguing horseshoe layout , with the traditional arrangement of central pulpit and special rostrum for the elders .
many are also remarkably unaltered , [keeping] original pews and galleries , often in an intriguing horseshoe layout , with the traditional arrangement of central pulpit and special rostrum for the elders .

The new owners of the building , instead of continuing with demolition plans , instructed their architect , Michael Hopkins , to produce a scheme retaining the outer shell of Bracken House with a new core .
the new owners of the building , instead of continuing with demolition plans , instructed their architect , michael hopkins , to produce a scheme [keeping] the outer shell of bracken house with a new core .

When listed buildings are subject to major refurbishment , especially in historic towns , it is important that the local planning officer and the local civic society are aware of the interior and have examined it to see what features may be worth retaining .
when listed buildings are subject to major refurbishment , especially in historic towns , it is important that the local planning officer and the local civic society are aware of the interior and have examined it to see what features may be worth [keeping] .

It also has a good reputation for retaining its good appearance over along period of time .
it also has a good reputation for [keeping] its good appearance over along period of time .

It was the result of efforts to transfer product systematically from developed to less developed economies , while at the same time retaining the essentially American management style of strong planning , coordination and control from the centre .
it was the result of efforts to transfer product systematically from developed to less developed economies , while at the same time [keeping] the essentially american management style of strong planning , coordination and control from the centre .

There is no objection to retaining an upper limit on size , though in practice people desiring large houses would either purchase old ones or wait until building costs fall .
there is no objection to [keeping] an upper limit on size , though in practice people desiring large houses would either purchase old ones or wait until building costs fall .

The important role which larger donors have come to play in ‘ supporting ’ African economies has not prevented governments from retaining their entrenched political priorities .
the important role which larger donors have come to play in ‘ supporting ’ african economies has not prevented governments from [keeping] their entrenched political priorities .

In the Rig-Veda … Indra , while still retaining traces of his ‘ weather ’ origin , is no longer , to borrow Miss Harrison 's descriptive phrase , ‘ an automatic explosive thunder-storm , ’ he wields the thunderbolt certainly , but he appears in heroic form to receive the offerings made to him , and to celebrate his victory in a solemn ritual dance .
in the rig-veda … indra , while still [keeping] traces of his ‘ weather ’ origin , is no longer , to borrow miss harrison 's descriptive phrase , ‘ an automatic explosive thunder-storm , ’ he wields the thunderbolt certainly , but he appears in heroic form to receive the offerings made to him , and to celebrate his victory in a solemn ritual dance .

First , in making her appointments in 1975 to the Consultative Committee or Shadow Cabinet , Mrs Thatcher displayed conciliatory traits in retaining so many of Mr Heath 's appointees .
first , in making her appointments in 1975 to the consultative committee or shadow cabinet , mrs thatcher displayed conciliatory traits in [keeping] so many of mr heath 's appointees .

Two is that it would be extremely unwise for Biggs to engage in serious pugilistic activity without first retaining the services of an attendant unlikely to panic at the sight of a badly lacerated brow .
two is that it would be extremely unwise for biggs to engage in serious pugilistic activity without first [keeping] the services of an attendant unlikely to panic at the sight of a badly lacerated brow .

Nicholas Ridley , the latest incumbent , is retaining his silken skills to advise on ‘ industrial and financial affairs ’ and the Airbus programme .
nicholas ridley , the latest incumbent , is [keeping] his silken skills to advise on ‘ industrial and financial affairs ’ and the airbus programme .

The success of the one-day symposium Chemistry : attracting girls ; retaining women , which attracted 94 conferees , was noted .
the success of the one-day symposium chemistry : attracting girls ; [keeping] women , which attracted 94 conferees , was noted .

Mr. Jonathan Thomas Carr felt offended by what he considered was the ugly and tasteless housing being erected in the London suburbs , so he produced a scheme to create a garden suburb of Houses without basements , and of character within reach of people with moderate means , yet at the same time , retaining existing trees wherever possible .
mr. jonathan thomas carr felt offended by what he considered was the ugly and tasteless housing being erected in the london suburbs , so he produced a scheme to create a garden suburb of houses without basements , and of character within reach of people with moderate means , yet at the same time , [keeping] existing trees wherever possible .

Its history of commerce is believed to be the reason why Ealing — of which Brentford was originally its southernmost part — decided to keep Brentford at arm 's length , thereby retaining to itself , an almost exclusively residential area as Ealing .
its history of commerce is believed to be the reason why ealing — of which brentford was originally its southernmost part — decided to keep brentford at arm 's length , thereby [keeping] to itself , an almost exclusively residential area as ealing .

Most of their economic activities tend to be relatively labour intensive and could be assisted to become more labour retaining , helping to decrease the movement of people to industrial areas .
most of their economic activities tend to be relatively labour intensive and could be assisted to become more labour [keeping] , helping to decrease the movement of people to industrial areas .

He then sent a counter-embassy to Charles ( in the autumn of 772 ) , explaining that he was not unlawfully retaining those lands claimed by the Pope on behalf of the Exarchate of Ravenna , as the claim was false .
he then sent a counter-embassy to charles ( in the autumn of 772 ) , explaining that he was not unlawfully [keeping] those lands claimed by the pope on behalf of the exarchate of ravenna , as the claim was false .

Moreover , when one group of enterprises is given the privilege of retaining foreign exchange while others are obliged to apply for administrative allocations , which they know that they will frequently not receive , or to buy foreign exchange on the black market at a high price , the latter enterprises begin to think of all sorts of reasons why they too should receive part of the foreign exchange proceeds of exports .
moreover , when one group of enterprises is given the privilege of [keeping] foreign exchange while others are obliged to apply for administrative allocations , which they know that they will frequently not receive , or to buy foreign exchange on the black market at a high price , the latter enterprises begin to think of all sorts of reasons why they too should receive part of the foreign exchange proceeds of exports .

Some say he is now no more than mayor of Mogadishu , retaining only the loyalty of his own Marehan clan and other Darode tribes .
some say he is now no more than mayor of mogadishu , [keeping] only the loyalty of his own marehan clan and other darode tribes .

Retaining the more serious label which refers to the causing of death may therefore perform a useful educative function ; it is hardly unfair to the driver , since this is the very risk against which the rules are intended to guard .
[keeping] the more serious label which refers to the causing of death may therefore perform a useful educative function ; it is hardly unfair to the driver , since this is the very risk against which the rules are intended to guard .

Yet both women brought a more intense and child-whorish eroticism to the screen than had been seen before , while retaining a suggestion of innocence at the heart of it .
yet both women brought a more intense and child-whorish eroticism to the screen than had been seen before , while [keeping] a suggestion of innocence at the heart of it .

Only by retaining an experienced independent consultant can a farmer make first a judgement about which way to go and secondly an objective purchasing decision .
only by [keeping] an experienced independent consultant can a farmer make first a judgement about which way to go and secondly an objective purchasing decision .

Power steering is nicely weighted retaining plenty of feel .
power steering is nicely weighted [keeping] plenty of feel .

The piping is prepared from the end of a sturdy young shoot ; simply pull it from the plant , retaining 4–5 pairs of leaves , and snap or cut off the bottom pair .
the piping is prepared from the end of a sturdy young shoot ; simply pull it from the plant , [keeping] 4–5 pairs of leaves , and snap or cut off the bottom pair .

My Executive is of the opinion that it is essential both for winning and retaining Parliamentary seats that special attention should be given to the whole subject … .
my executive is of the opinion that it is essential both for winning and [keeping] parliamentary seats that special attention should be given to the whole subject … .

So , it is essential that the retaining wall has adequate strength to avoid bowing and possible collapse in the future .
so , it is essential that the [keeping] wall has adequate strength to avoid bowing and possible collapse in the future .

The timber poles that have been illustrated here are ideal for retaining soil , especially where a rather tight curved wall is needed .
the timber poles that have been illustrated here are ideal for [keeping] soil , especially where a rather tight curved wall is needed .

Mr Hicks delivers the text in a straightforward , no nonsense style , retaining a relaxed discourse with the reader .
mr hicks delivers the text in a straightforward , no nonsense style , [keeping] a relaxed discourse with the reader .

Retaining the characteristics of the original composite steel/concrete Thor Beam , launched a few months ago , a new version for use with metal deck flooring has now been introduced by ConstrucThor .
[keeping] the characteristics of the original composite steel/concrete thor beam , launched a few months ago , a new version for use with metal deck flooring has now been introduced by constructhor .

Israel 's refusal to authorize the return of all refugees desiring to resume residence on the West Bank , reported breaking off of West Bank banking negotiations and statements by senior Israeli officials quoted in American press gives rise to impression that Israeli government may be moving toward policy of seeking security simply by retaining occupied areas rather than by achieving peaceful settlement with Arabs .
israel 's refusal to authorize the return of all refugees desiring to resume residence on the west bank , reported breaking off of west bank banking negotiations and statements by senior israeli officials quoted in american press gives rise to impression that israeli government may be moving toward policy of seeking security simply by [keeping] occupied areas rather than by achieving peaceful settlement with arabs .

The family home , dilapidated as it had become , was the last tangible talisman of their pride and , rather than relinquish it , the Chamfers leased the building and what remained of its land to an educational trust formed by an academically inclined cousin , retaining shooting rights , fishing rights and the right to have their female descendants educated gratis .
the family home , dilapidated as it had become , was the last tangible talisman of their pride and , rather than relinquish it , the chamfers leased the building and what remained of its land to an educational trust formed by an academically inclined cousin , [keeping] shooting rights , fishing rights and the right to have their female descendants educated gratis .

With reference to our telephone conversation the other day , would you please sign the enclosed document and return it to me , retaining the attached copy for your files .
with reference to our telephone conversation the other day , would you please sign the enclosed document and return it to me , [keeping] the attached copy for your files .

The Liberal Democrats did much less well than had the Alliance in 1986 in terms of votes , but they had more success in targeting and retaining council seats .
the liberal democrats did much less well than had the alliance in 1986 in terms of votes , but they had more success in targeting and [keeping] council seats .

Willie Carson looks likely to continue his association with Robert Sangster 's Rodrigo de Triano in Saturday 's Greenham Stakes at Newbury as Badie , who belongs to Carson 's retaining owner Sheikh Hamdan Al-Maktoum , looks certain to miss the race and run instead in the European Free Handicap at Newmarket on April 15 .
willie carson looks likely to continue his association with robert sangster 's rodrigo de triano in saturday 's greenham stakes at newbury as badie , who belongs to carson 's [keeping] owner sheikh hamdan al-maktoum , looks certain to miss the race and run instead in the european free handicap at newmarket on april 15 .

Who could update Wainwright , with the impossible task of retaining the inimitable stamp of his personality ?
who could update wainwright , with the impossible task of [keeping] the inimitable stamp of his personality ?

And at the very end of the decade , after this chapter had been written , Provincial announced that such was the cost of retaining ageing DMUs that in 1990 some services would be temporarily reduced until more Sprinters come on stream .
and at the very end of the decade , after this chapter had been written , provincial announced that such was the cost of [keeping] ageing dmus that in 1990 some services would be temporarily reduced until more sprinters come on stream .

Both pockets have two retaining straps with quick release buckles and this does mean a lot of excess strapping when the pockets are n't full .
both pockets have two [keeping] straps with quick release buckles and this does mean a lot of excess strapping when the pockets are n't full .

The 31-year-old ex-paratrooper 's prize for retaining his title at Wembley on Saturday night was £10,000 , which does not go far for a full-time body builder who downs half a dozen eggs after his breakfast cereal and eight to 10 chicken breasts a day when ‘ bulking up ’ .
the 31-year-old ex-paratrooper 's prize for [keeping] his title at wembley on saturday night was £10,000 , which does not go far for a full-time body builder who downs half a dozen eggs after his breakfast cereal and eight to 10 chicken breasts a day when ‘ bulking up ’ .

The Dalai Lama , who fled to exile in India after a failed uprising in 1959 , has called for Tibetan autonomy over domestic affairs , with China retaining control over military and diplomatic affairs .
the dalai lama , who fled to exile in india after a failed uprising in 1959 , has called for tibetan autonomy over domestic affairs , with china [keeping] control over military and diplomatic affairs .

But the recruitment policies of larger firms , and their strategies for retaining staff , could well diminish this source .
but the recruitment policies of larger firms , and their strategies for [keeping] staff , could well diminish this source .

Only the lower storey of the main mill block survives , plus a few ancillary buildings , this having been imaginatively converted into showrooms , still retaining some of the original iron Venetian mill windows .
only the lower storey of the main mill block survives , plus a few ancillary buildings , this having been imaginatively converted into showrooms , still [keeping] some of the original iron venetian mill windows .

It would seem fitting for it to be converted and put to some useful purpose , retaining what remains of its equipment , before the deterioration becomes too great .
it would seem fitting for it to be converted and put to some useful purpose , [keeping] what remains of its equipment , before the deterioration becomes too great .

The class teacher retaining a copy of the certificate to place in the child 's personal file .
the class teacher [keeping] a copy of the certificate to place in the child 's personal file .

Thanks for the bumper size of this newsletter must go to who has done a marvellous job at retaining our loyal advertising supporters and encouraged new people to start to advertise with us .
thanks for the bumper size of this newsletter must go to who has done a marvellous job at [keeping] our loyal advertising supporters and encouraged new people to start to advertise with us .

Loch Doon , to the north , is much more attractive , to my mind , still retaining a wild , untamed atmosphere .
loch doon , to the north , is much more attractive , to my mind , still [keeping] a wild , untamed atmosphere .

More than that , it was the Hawaiians ' way of retaining a sense of dignity and worth , it was their way of staying alive .
more than that , it was the hawaiians ' way of [keeping] a sense of dignity and worth , it was their way of staying alive .

The ridge is quickly gained and on this peach of a day was absolutely magnificent , with the hills retaining sizeable patches of spring snow that sparkled in the hazy sunshine .
the ridge is quickly gained and on this peach of a day was absolutely magnificent , with the hills [keeping] sizeable patches of spring snow that sparkled in the hazy sunshine .

Retaining all 12 available World Cup players , the faith of the West Indies selectors was thoroughly vindicated .
[keeping] all 12 available world cup players , the faith of the west indies selectors was thoroughly vindicated .

The ground is delightful and has the potential to become a Mediterranean cricketing haven , retaining much of the charm associated with the typical English village ground , but not , of course , its weather .
the ground is delightful and has the potential to become a mediterranean cricketing haven , [keeping] much of the charm associated with the typical english village ground , but not , of course , its weather .

This later recommendation surprised many who had expected a liberal/academic working party of ‘ the great and the good ’ to turn their backs on the idea of retaining a paternalistic and arguably outmoded system of adult censorship .
this later recommendation surprised many who had expected a liberal/academic working party of ‘ the great and the good ’ to turn their backs on the idea of [keeping] a paternalistic and arguably outmoded system of adult censorship .

The speed of computers , their capacity to store , combine , retrieve and transfer data , their flexibility and the low unit cost of the work they do , all facilitate the establishment and maintenance of ever more extensive record systems , retaining more and more data , which is easily and quickly accessible from many distant points .
the speed of computers , their capacity to store , combine , retrieve and transfer data , their flexibility and the low unit cost of the work they do , all facilitate the establishment and maintenance of ever more extensive record systems , [keeping] more and more data , which is easily and quickly accessible from many distant points .

Microwave on high for approximately 5 minutes or until just tender but retaining their shape .
microwave on high for approximately 5 minutes or until just tender but [keeping] their shape .

Most married couples will tangle with some mutual residual problems and leave others firmly alone , retaining some well-defended arras in their personalities and in their partnership .
most married couples will tangle with some mutual residual problems and leave others firmly alone , [keeping] some well-defended arras in their personalities and in their partnership .

The Earl Marischal , who had supposed himself to be in charge , immediately yielded his position to Tullibardine , though retaining command of the ships which had brought them there .
the earl marischal , who had supposed himself to be in charge , immediately yielded his position to tullibardine , though [keeping] command of the ships which had brought them there .

Retaining a trickle of power through the flare reduces the rate of descent to near zero , and the aircraft is gently lowered to the surface in the almost-level planing altitude .
[keeping] a trickle of power through the flare reduces the rate of descent to near zero , and the aircraft is gently lowered to the surface in the almost-level planing altitude .

Given the concentration of the workforce in the middle age groups , policies aimed at retaining these workers are an urgent priority .
given the concentration of the workforce in the middle age groups , policies aimed at [keeping] these workers are an urgent priority .

Despite these successes , Northampton 's hopes of retaining the Championship faded as games were lost in March and April 1910 .
despite these successes , northampton 's hopes of [keeping] the championship faded as games were lost in march and april 1910 .

The reserves won the Combination that year , retaining the championship until 1931 .
the reserves won the combination that year , [keeping] the championship until 1931 .

After a section has been weeded , those books which are considered worth retaining in their existing form will remain on the shelves — one would hope , a substantial proportion .
after a section has been weeded , those books which are considered worth [keeping] in their existing form will remain on the shelves — one would hope , a substantial proportion .

In the Directive , countryside conservation seems to be equated with retaining a farmed landscape , an objective which can be achieved even with a substantial amount of agricultural intensification .
in the directive , countryside conservation seems to be equated with [keeping] a farmed landscape , an objective which can be achieved even with a substantial amount of agricultural intensification .

Retaining large numbers of small farms rather than a lesser number of large farms is usually considered beneficial in conservation terms ; both the Countryside Commission arid the Nature Conservancy Council have used this argument .
[keeping] large numbers of small farms rather than a lesser number of large farms is usually considered beneficial in conservation terms ; both the countryside commission arid the nature conservancy council have used this argument .

In such a case , the degree of risk involved in retaining you , both to the business and yourself , will be an important factor .
in such a case , the degree of risk involved in [keeping] you , both to the business and yourself , will be an important factor .

Rarely , it may even be unreasonable to select you for redundancy on the basis of length of service , for instance if doing so entails retaining another employee past retiring age when you are much younger and still have plenty to offer .
rarely , it may even be unreasonable to select you for redundancy on the basis of length of service , for instance if doing so entails [keeping] another employee past retiring age when you are much younger and still have plenty to offer .

For good measure , he compared a litigant to a person about to give up his skin for the hope of retaining his bones .
for good measure , he compared a litigant to a person about to give up his skin for the hope of [keeping] his bones .

Coleridge awoke , he said , retaining ‘ a distinct recollection of the whole ’ , and was eagerly committing the poem to writing when he was called out by a person on business from Porlock who detained him for more than an hour .
coleridge awoke , he said , [keeping] ‘ a distinct recollection of the whole ’ , and was eagerly committing the poem to writing when he was called out by a person on business from porlock who detained him for more than an hour .

In column 7 of Table 3.5 , the numbers of maxillae retaining zygomatic processes are expressed as percentages of the total numbers of maxillae in the bone assemblages .
in column 7 of table 3.5 , the numbers of maxillae [keeping] zygomatic processes are expressed as percentages of the total numbers of maxillae in the bone assemblages .

The little owl pine marten and the Arctic and red fox assemblages are the most extreme , with none of the maxillae retaining even a vestige of the zygomatic process .
the little owl pine marten and the arctic and red fox assemblages are the most extreme , with none of the maxillae [keeping] even a vestige of the zygomatic process .

Since 1947 the O'Neill family has owned this fine Georgian building into which they have introduced the highest standards of comfort while retaining its original character and creating an atmosphere of charm and warmth .
since 1947 the o'neill family has owned this fine georgian building into which they have introduced the highest standards of comfort while [keeping] its original character and creating an atmosphere of charm and warmth .

How do they find ways of maintaining routines and sequences whilst also retaining flexibility to develop these intensifying periods or activity which can be the hallmark of achievement ?
how do they find ways of maintaining routines and sequences whilst also [keeping] flexibility to develop these intensifying periods or activity which can be the hallmark of achievement ?

This ability to move quickly , whilst retaining an integrity in terms of structure and direction , may be a clue for the future .
this ability to move quickly , whilst [keeping] an integrity in terms of structure and direction , may be a clue for the future .

Barry Silk immediately carried on with his preparations , slipping a six inch long knife into its calf holster and tagging the retaining strap .
barry silk immediately carried on with his preparations , slipping a six inch long knife into its calf holster and tagging the [keeping] strap .

However , when the question of dropping the old title was brought up , many people protested strongly and were in favour of retaining Black Hats versus White Hats .
however , when the question of dropping the old title was brought up , many people protested strongly and were in favour of [keeping] black hats versus white hats .

For the last ten years the singers have included choirs from Mapplewell Junior School , Staincross Ladies Choir and , retaining the connection with miners , the North Gawber Male Voice Choir .
for the last ten years the singers have included choirs from mapplewell junior school , staincross ladies choir and , [keeping] the connection with miners , the north gawber male voice choir .

The captain and the lieutenant always shoot first and second position on the first target to have the opportunity of retaining their titles .
the captain and the lieutenant always shoot first and second position on the first target to have the opportunity of [keeping] their titles .

Even after the programs had been proven , the workers continued to use the override , so thwarting the aims of their supervisors and retaining an element of control .
even after the programs had been proven , the workers continued to use the override , so thwarting the aims of their supervisors and [keeping] an element of control .

In the interim , English spelling could be improved , retaining the Roman alphabet , for continuity , perhaps with modifications .
in the interim , english spelling could be improved , [keeping] the roman alphabet , for continuity , perhaps with modifications .

They do this by applying forces through hydraulic jacks on each floor , connected to a retaining wall .
they do this by applying forces through hydraulic jacks on each floor , connected to a [keeping] wall .

There is another reason for retaining a younger image at forty and fifty than our mothers or grandmothers did .
there is another reason for [keeping] a younger image at forty and fifty than our mothers or grandmothers did .

Eventually James Wyllie married Mrs. Kay 's sister and after a few years the Wyllie family took over the firm , retaining the name , Andrew Kay & Company .
eventually james wyllie married mrs. kay 's sister and after a few years the wyllie family took over the firm , [keeping] the name , andrew kay & company .

And it is fairly clear that the slaves of northern Europe died out between the eighth and the twelfth centuries by absorption into the larger class of serfs or villeins , personally free , but tied to the soil , retaining certain symbols of unfreedom .
and it is fairly clear that the slaves of northern europe died out between the eighth and the twelfth centuries by absorption into the larger class of serfs or villeins , personally free , but tied to the soil , [keeping] certain symbols of unfreedom .

‘ Retaining ’ is perhaps a misleading word .
‘ [keeping] ’ is perhaps a misleading word .

It was used for a variety of purposes ; most commonly as a retaining fee for a knight who could be called out whenever the king or lord had need of him .
it was used for a variety of purposes ; most commonly as a [keeping] fee for a knight who could be called out whenever the king or lord had need of him .

Sometimes it was no more than a retaining fee ; sometimes , like a normal feudal holding , it paid the knight for some period of service .
sometimes it was no more than a [keeping] fee ; sometimes , like a normal feudal holding , it paid the knight for some period of service .

The great human art is to live ( in a range of relationships and degrees of harmony and understanding ) with fellow humans while retaining one 's own individuality .
the great human art is to live ( in a range of relationships and degrees of harmony and understanding ) with fellow humans while [keeping] one 's own individuality .

This is a vital part of retaining control over the finances of the business .
this is a vital part of [keeping] control over the finances of the business .

The retaining nipple at the pedal end fell off , but whether that was due to our amateur build standards or a faulty cable remains in the unsolved file .
the [keeping] nipple at the pedal end fell off , but whether that was due to our amateur build standards or a faulty cable remains in the unsolved file .

Key aspects of the scheme will be widening and repaving footways , replanting trees , retaining car parking and private accesses and improving lighting .
key aspects of the scheme will be widening and repaving footways , replanting trees , [keeping] car parking and private accesses and improving lighting .

The axolotl , the tadpole of the South American tiger salamander , is famous in the zoology textbooks for breaking with tradition and possessing the capacity to reproduce sexually while still retaining its aquatic larval form , including its external gills .
the axolotl , the tadpole of the south american tiger salamander , is famous in the zoology textbooks for breaking with tradition and possessing the capacity to reproduce sexually while still [keeping] its aquatic larval form , including its external gills .

The Rhapsody , too , is given a strong , swaggering but solid reading from that famous opening clarinet Glissando onwards ( it began its life , by the way , as a bit of tongue-in-cheek rehearsal mischief from Ross Gorman , the clarinettist of the Whiteman band ; the delighted Gershwin insisted on retaining it ) .
the rhapsody , too , is given a strong , swaggering but solid reading from that famous opening clarinet glissando onwards ( it began its life , by the way , as a bit of tongue-in-cheek rehearsal mischief from ross gorman , the clarinettist of the whiteman band ; the delighted gershwin insisted on [keeping] it ) .

To overcome this problem corals can be hydrothermally converted to calcium phosphate , producing an implant material with a chemical composition closer to natural bone while retaining the open porosity of the original coral .
to overcome this problem corals can be hydrothermally converted to calcium phosphate , producing an implant material with a chemical composition closer to natural bone while [keeping] the open porosity of the original coral .

Those who have been able to overlook its skimpy fur , which gives it a gangling , half-naked appearance , insist that in personality it is a sheer delight , retaining an almost kittenish playfulness even when adult .
those who have been able to overlook its skimpy fur , which gives it a gangling , half-naked appearance , insist that in personality it is a sheer delight , [keeping] an almost kittenish playfulness even when adult .

The site from which the mountains were drawn would be chosen so the different peaks arranged themselves to their best advantage whilst retaining their correct topographical position .
the site from which the mountains were drawn would be chosen so the different peaks arranged themselves to their best advantage whilst [keeping] their correct topographical position .

The poorest schools , especially in rural areas , have great difficulties in attracting and retaining staff .
the poorest schools , especially in rural areas , have great difficulties in attracting and [keeping] staff .

Some fare much better at retaining manufacturing jobs and creating service-sector jobs than others .
some fare much better at [keeping] manufacturing jobs and creating service-sector jobs than others .

15 were suitable for private use for another twenty-one years , and moved that Burton 's third scheme , retaining these houses , should be adopted .
15 were suitable for private use for another twenty-one years , and moved that burton 's third scheme , [keeping] these houses , should be adopted .

Pennethorne immediately complained to Hall , asking why he had lost the work ; Austin , the Secretary , wrote back on 28th May , saying that the Office had been reorganized with Pennethorne retaining the architectural work , subject to certain buildings being open to competition , and Hunt , ‘ the most fit and experienced person that could be found ’ , taking over the surveying work .
pennethorne immediately complained to hall , asking why he had lost the work ; austin , the secretary , wrote back on 28th may , saying that the office had been reorganized with pennethorne [keeping] the architectural work , subject to certain buildings being open to competition , and hunt , ‘ the most fit and experienced person that could be found ’ , taking over the surveying work .

The problem of diminished sight can be reduced or corrected by using spectacles or an illuminated magnifying glass : and for those who are severely handicapped the use of specially prepared large-print books or of Braille or of tape-recordings can help considerably in retaining a measure of independence .
the problem of diminished sight can be reduced or corrected by using spectacles or an illuminated magnifying glass : and for those who are severely handicapped the use of specially prepared large-print books or of braille or of tape-recordings can help considerably in [keeping] a measure of independence .

In particular , retaining some short-cycle capacity may be advantageous for production of SKUs with higher levels of demand variation , whether because of fashion content or uncommon size—that is , for garments that have unique design elements or are in a size few consumers wear .
in particular , [keeping] some short-cycle capacity may be advantageous for production of skus with higher levels of demand variation , whether because of fashion content or uncommon size—that is , for garments that have unique design elements or are in a size few consumers wear .

The hypothetical molecular autonomous agent that we have considered has been discussed , for simplicity , as if the problem of retaining the reactants in a confined region of space could be ignored .
the hypothetical molecular autonomous agent that we have considered has been discussed , for simplicity , as if the problem of [keeping] the reactants in a confined region of space could be ignored .

The Western Wall is one side of the Herodian retaining walls that support the vast ceremonial plaza built by Herod around the Second Temple to accommodate hundreds of thousands of Jewish pilgrims who visited the Temple in ancient times .
the western wall is one side of the herodian [keeping] walls that support the vast ceremonial plaza built by herod around the second temple to accommodate hundreds of thousands of jewish pilgrims who visited the temple in ancient times .

The courtyard around the Temple was expanded to accommodate hundreds of thousands of pilgrims , and the Temple Mount was shored up by retaining walls made with great stone blocks .
the courtyard around the temple was expanded to accommodate hundreds of thousands of pilgrims , and the temple mount was shored up by [keeping] walls made with great stone blocks .

Around the whole structure is a retaining wall with a narrow corridor allowing visitors to explore the carvings on every exterior wall .
around the whole structure is a [keeping] wall with a narrow corridor allowing visitors to explore the carvings on every exterior wall .

Hit hard by Hurricaine Iniki , this lavish resort finally reopened , retaining its informal feel , its fine golf courses , its lagoons with exotic animals on the isles , and some of the best hotel pools and swimming beaches in Hawaii .
hit hard by hurricaine iniki , this lavish resort finally reopened , [keeping] its informal feel , its fine golf courses , its lagoons with exotic animals on the isles , and some of the best hotel pools and swimming beaches in hawaii .

It is a beautiful structure , retaining its porticoed verandas , 18th- century paintings , and Italian marble floors .
it is a beautiful structure , [keeping] its porticoed verandas , 18th- century paintings , and italian marble floors .

Twenty-one of the 28 heads of Notre-Dame ’ s kings of Judah ( see page 33 ) , some retaining traces of their original pigmentation ( 1220 ) , were found in a bank vault and brought here .
twenty-one of the 28 heads of notre-dame ’ s kings of judah ( see page 33 ) , some [keeping] traces of their original pigmentation ( 1220 ) , were found in a bank vault and brought here .

Unlike the other colonists , who eventually melted into the culture , the Cajuns kept to themselves in the bayou , retaining their 17th-century language and customs .
unlike the other colonists , who eventually melted into the culture , the cajuns kept to themselves in the bayou , [keeping] their 17th-century language and customs .

He scorned the Québécois for “ retaining their peculiar language and manners .
he scorned the québécois for “ [keeping] their peculiar language and manners .

The Huichol are one of the last remaining indigenous cultures that has been successful in retaining cultural integrity — despite efforts by the “ civilized ” world to westernize their traditional ways of living .
the huichol are one of the last remaining indigenous cultures that has been successful in [keeping] cultural integrity — despite efforts by the “ civilized ” world to westernize their traditional ways of living .

After their defeat beyond the Pyrenees by the Franks in 732 , the Moors withdrew , without ever retaining a lasting foothold in Catalonia .
after their defeat beyond the pyrenees by the franks in 732 , the moors withdrew , without ever [keeping] a lasting foothold in catalonia .

He also is retaining new attorneys .
he also is [keeping] new attorneys .

The compromise position of several committees has been to transfer responsibility for visa policy to the proposed department , while retaining the cadre of overseas visa officers within State .
the compromise position of several committees has been to transfer responsibility for visa policy to the proposed department , while [keeping] the cadre of overseas visa officers within state .

We developed a model of strategic human capital management to highlight the kinds of thinking that agencies should apply , as well as some of the steps they can take , to make progress in managing human capital strategically.4 The model consists of eight critical success factors , which are organized to correspond with four cornerstones of effective strategic human capital management : ( 1 ) leadership , ( 2 ) strategic human capital planning , ( 3 ) acquiring , developing , and retaining talent , and ( 4 ) resultsoriented organizational cultures .
we developed a model of strategic human capital management to highlight the kinds of thinking that agencies should apply , as well as some of the steps they can take , to make progress in managing human capital strategically.4 the model consists of eight critical success factors , which are organized to correspond with four cornerstones of effective strategic human capital management : ( 1 ) leadership , ( 2 ) strategic human capital planning , ( 3 ) acquiring , developing , and [keeping] talent , and ( 4 ) resultsoriented organizational cultures .

Although their styles and strategies varied , the leading organizations we visited agreed that several key factors were important in attracting and retaining talent .
although their styles and strategies varied , the leading organizations we visited agreed that several key factors were important in attracting and [keeping] talent .

Background No management issue facing federal agencies could be more critical to their ability to serve the American people than their approach to strategic human capital management , including attracting , retaining , and motivating their employees .
background no management issue facing federal agencies could be more critical to their ability to serve the american people than their approach to strategic human capital management , including attracting , [keeping] , and motivating their employees .

We did not object to retaining documents at field or site locations provided the suggestions we made were implemented .
we did not object to [keeping] documents at field or site locations provided the suggestions we made were implemented .

Travelers Retaining Supporting Documentation Each agency designing automated employee travel voucher systems discussed in the previous section also asked us if the traveler could retain the supporting hardcopy documentation .
travelers [keeping] supporting documentation each agency designing automated employee travel voucher systems discussed in the previous section also asked us if the traveler could retain the supporting hardcopy documentation .

We did not object to travelers retaining supporting hardcopy documents so long as the suggestions we made were effectively implemented .
we did not object to travelers [keeping] supporting hardcopy documents so long as the suggestions we made were effectively implemented .

In order to be competitive in attracting , hiring , and retaining high caliber and talented staff , we need to be able to further enhance our human capital programs .
in order to be competitive in attracting , hiring , and [keeping] high caliber and talented staff , we need to be able to further enhance our human capital programs .

Without such funding , we will not be competitive in attracting and retaining the best , brightest , and expertise needed to effectively serve the Congress in addressing the complex , controversial , and multidimensional issues and challenges it faces each year .
without such funding , we will not be competitive in attracting and [keeping] the best , brightest , and expertise needed to effectively serve the congress in addressing the complex , controversial , and multidimensional issues and challenges it faces each year .

The financial audit presentation proposes retaining the current format of separate chapters for field and reporting standards .
the financial audit presentation proposes [keeping] the current format of separate chapters for field and reporting standards .

GAO testified before the Congress that the government would see a greater return from the sale of Elk Hills than from retaining ownership .
gao testified before the congress that the government would see a greater return from the sale of elk hills than from [keeping] ownership .

These challenges included ( 1 ) initially establishing and maintaining trust relationships , ( 2 ) developing agreements on the use and protection of shared information , ( 3 ) obtaining adequate funding , ( 4 ) developing and retaining a membership base , and ( 5 ) developing and maintaining an organization staff with appropriate skills .
these challenges included ( 1 ) initially establishing and maintaining trust relationships , ( 2 ) developing agreements on the use and protection of shared information , ( 3 ) obtaining adequate funding , ( 4 ) developing and [keeping] a membership base , and ( 5 ) developing and maintaining an organization staff with appropriate skills .

Obtaining Adequate Funding Developing and Retaining the Membership Base Most of the organizations said that they had to work to overcome the challenge of maintaining their memberships ' enthusiasm and participation so that members would use the communication mechanisms , maintain confidentiality , and continue to share relevant information .
obtaining adequate funding developing and [keeping] the membership base most of the organizations said that they had to work to overcome the challenge of maintaining their memberships ' enthusiasm and participation so that members would use the communication mechanisms , maintain confidentiality , and continue to share relevant information .

Training should be aimed at developing and retaining employee skill levels to meet changing organizational needs .
training should be aimed at developing and [keeping] employee skill levels to meet changing organizational needs .

It states that the proposed rule has been designed to minimize the impact on small entities while retaining the benefits of encouraging television broadcast programming that satisfies the requirements of the Children 's Television Act of 1990 .
it states that the proposed rule has been designed to minimize the impact on small entities while [keeping] the benefits of encouraging television broadcast programming that satisfies the requirements of the children 's television act of 1990 .

One such organization we are aware of that does not prohibit its employees from retaining frequent flyer benefits for their personal use is the U.S .
one such organization we are aware of that does not prohibit its employees from [keeping] frequent flyer benefits for their personal use is the u.s .

This practice may give the private sector , including government contractors , an advantage over the federal government in recruiting and retaining employees .
this practice may give the private sector , including government contractors , an advantage over the federal government in recruiting and [keeping] employees .

Establishing parity between the federal government and the private sector in this area would also aid the government in recruiting and retaining top-quality employees .
establishing parity between the federal government and the private sector in this area would also aid the government in recruiting and [keeping] top-quality employees .

In addition , the CIO Council , the Office of Personnel Management , and individual agencies have been working together to develop new approaches to compensating and retaining information technology and management workers .
in addition , the cio council , the office of personnel management , and individual agencies have been working together to develop new approaches to compensating and [keeping] information technology and management workers .

While benefits , recognition , and challenging responsibilities are also useful in securing staff , leading organizations identify training as a major nonsalary incentive for attracting and retaining skilled IT professionals .
while benefits , recognition , and challenging responsibilities are also useful in securing staff , leading organizations identify training as a major nonsalary incentive for attracting and [keeping] skilled it professionals .

The organization increased its salary base to compete with other companies in retaining and attracting talented information management workers .
the organization increased its salary base to compete with other companies in [keeping] and attracting talented information management workers .

Besides salaries , company managers view a good working environment and awards and recognition as essential for retaining employees .
besides salaries , company managers view a good working environment and awards and recognition as essential for [keeping] employees .

Leading organizations have identified the following strategies that help in assessing their IT skills and recruiting , retaining , and utilizing talent to meet their business needs .
leading organizations have identified the following strategies that help in assessing their it skills and recruiting , [keeping] , and utilizing talent to meet their business needs .

Other than that , little attention was given to retaining and promoting people of color , women , people with disabilities and others who reflected the client community .
other than that , little attention was given to [keeping] and promoting people of color , women , people with disabilities and others who reflected the client community .

Building and retaining a diverse staff and board is a major challenge for most programs .
building and [keeping] a diverse staff and board is a major challenge for most programs .

Seeing opportunities for advancement and leadership positions in programs is critical to retaining women , people of color and other individuals who contribute to a diverse staff .
seeing opportunities for advancement and leadership positions in programs is critical to [keeping] women , people of color and other individuals who contribute to a diverse staff .

Under the final rule , published on November 7 , 2000 , recipients will be permitted to carry over fund balances of 10 % or less ; will be able to seek LSC approval for carryover balances of between 10 % and 25 % ; and will be generally prohibited from retaining fund balances of over 25 % , except in three very limited and especially compelling circumstances .
under the final rule , published on november 7 , 2000 , recipients will be permitted to carry over fund balances of 10 % or less ; will be able to seek lsc approval for carryover balances of between 10 % and 25 % ; and will be generally prohibited from [keeping] fund balances of over 25 % , except in three very limited and especially compelling circumstances .

As it does now , it would work with other agencies in carrying out these missions , retaining the JTTF structure now in place .
as it does now , it would work with other agencies in carrying out these missions , [keeping] the jttf structure now in place .

Ksm states he refused to swear a formal oath of allegiance to Bin Ladin , thereby retaining a last vestige of his cherished autonomy .
ksm states he refused to swear a formal oath of allegiance to bin ladin , thereby [keeping] a last vestige of his cherished autonomy .

He simply wanted al Qaeda to supply the money and operatives needed for the attack while retaining his independence .
he simply wanted al qaeda to supply the money and operatives needed for the attack while [keeping] his independence .

Recommendation : The burden of proof for retaining a particular governmental power should be on the executive , to explain ( a ) that the power actually materially enhances security and ( b ) that there is adequate supervision of the executive 's use of the powers to ensure protection of civil liberties .
recommendation : the burden of proof for [keeping] a particular governmental power should be on the executive , to explain ( a ) that the power actually materially enhances security and ( b ) that there is adequate supervision of the executive 's use of the powers to ensure protection of civil liberties .

In implementing these guidelines , health-care providers face the ongoing challenge of developing treatment strategies that minimize drug-related toxicity and adverse effects while retaining effective control of viral replication .
in implementing these guidelines , health-care providers face the ongoing challenge of developing treatment strategies that minimize drug-related toxicity and adverse effects while [keeping] effective control of viral replication .

Rather than one gene duplicate retaining the original function , while the other either degrades or evolves a new function , the original functions of the single-copy gene may be partitioned between the duplicates ( subfunctionalization ) .
rather than one gene duplicate [keeping] the original function , while the other either degrades or evolves a new function , the original functions of the single-copy gene may be partitioned between the duplicates ( subfunctionalization ) .

An endowed chair will greatly benefit the IU School of Dentistry in recruiting and retaining outstanding faculty .
an endowed chair will greatly benefit the iu school of dentistry in recruiting and [keeping] outstanding faculty .

However , this new class of homeowner , being more financially strapped , might have a much harder time retaining homes through any significant downturn .
however , this new class of homeowner , being more financially strapped , might have a much harder time [keeping] homes through any significant downturn .

The LAT and WP treat the move as only cosmetic , with the daughter and her tight little circle of Kremlin advisers known as the `` Family '' retaining the power over Putin widely thought to have brought him into his present circumstance .
the lat and wp treat the move as only cosmetic , with the daughter and her tight little circle of kremlin advisers known as the `` family '' [keeping] the power over putin widely thought to have brought him into his present circumstance .

They praise director Marleen Gorris ( Antonia 's Line ) for retaining Virginia Woolf 's stream-of-consciousness style ( via voice-overs ) and mingling of memory and reality ( using flashbacks ) .
they praise director marleen gorris ( antonia 's line ) for [keeping] virginia woolf 's stream-of-consciousness style ( via voice-overs ) and mingling of memory and reality ( using flashbacks ) .

There are also strong indicators that suggest new urban parks have `` legs , '' retaining more of their patrons after the novelty wears off .
there are also strong indicators that suggest new urban parks have `` legs , '' [keeping] more of their patrons after the novelty wears off .

By paying the production costs of I Got the Hook-Up out of his own pocket and retaining ownership of it , he stands to make at least twice as much as he would have if he had taken Miramax 's $ 5 million offer to buy it outright .
by paying the production costs of i got the hook-up out of his own pocket and [keeping] ownership of it , he stands to make at least twice as much as he would have if he had taken miramax 's $ 5 million offer to buy it outright .

The NYT runs a piece inside on the trouble the Air Force is having retaining pilots .
the nyt runs a piece inside on the trouble the air force is having [keeping] pilots .

Kate O'Beirne ( CNN 's Capital Gang ) and Pat Buchanan ( The McLaughlin Group ) think that Clinton wants Annan to negotiate a `` fig leaf , '' permitting the United States to bow out of war while retaining some shred of credibility .
kate o'beirne ( cnn 's capital gang ) and pat buchanan ( the mclaughlin group ) think that clinton wants annan to negotiate a `` fig leaf , '' permitting the united states to bow out of war while [keeping] some shred of credibility .

For its part , the Good Housekeeping -Women.com project is retaining Harris Interactive , one of the premier online polling firms .
for its part , the good housekeeping -women.com project is [keeping] harris interactive , one of the premier online polling firms .

In addition , medium-size companies such as Directions are now offering sophisticated design and manufacturing quality at department-store prices , retaining an attention to fine detail that the mass chains lack .
in addition , medium-size companies such as directions are now offering sophisticated design and manufacturing quality at department-store prices , [keeping] an attention to fine detail that the mass chains lack .

Maybe today 's announcement is part of an elaborate strategy whereby Cramer will annually split his Web sites like amoebas and set some of them free like Lincoln , always retaining some paid sites as starter dough for the next batch .
maybe today 's announcement is part of an elaborate strategy whereby cramer will annually split his web sites like amoebas and set some of them free like lincoln , always [keeping] some paid sites as starter dough for the next batch .

Here 's a way to recover some of the advantages of monarchy while retaining the advantages of our current system of government .
here 's a way to recover some of the advantages of monarchy while [keeping] the advantages of our current system of government .

A number of Arab columnists argued that while Netanyahu alienated the United States with his behavior , the `` peace-loving '' label that has already been attached to Barak -- even though he has done nothing yet to earn it -- might allow him to pursue much the same policies while retaining Western support .
a number of arab columnists argued that while netanyahu alienated the united states with his behavior , the `` peace-loving '' label that has already been attached to barak -- even though he has done nothing yet to earn it -- might allow him to pursue much the same policies while [keeping] western support .

A rebellion by Ukrainian and Russian-speaking minorities ended in 1992 , with the Romanian-speaking majority government retaining control over only half of the country .
a rebellion by ukrainian and russian-speaking minorities ended in 1992 , with the romanian-speaking majority government [keeping] control over only half of the country .

The Wall Street Journal 's main front page feature examines the trend of nonprofit hospitals retaining their tax-exempt status while straying pretty far from their original charge of using their assets for such charitable purposes as caring for the indigent .
the wall street journal 's main front page feature examines the trend of nonprofit hospitals [keeping] their tax-exempt status while straying pretty far from their original charge of using their assets for such charitable purposes as caring for the indigent .

Just deserts , you might say , for those minority multiculturalists who pretended that equality of cultural recognition was as good as equality of actual power : Whites want to play the same game , recounting to us the sufferings of the Celts , the indignities borne by the Welsh , yet still retaining the power premium they 've long enjoyed -- as whites .
just deserts , you might say , for those minority multiculturalists who pretended that equality of cultural recognition was as good as equality of actual power : whites want to play the same game , recounting to us the sufferings of the celts , the indignities borne by the welsh , yet still [keeping] the power premium they 've long enjoyed -- as whites .

Though now in disuse , it consists of a trench three feet deep , on sloping land , with a retaining wall on the uphill side .
though now in disuse , it consists of a trench three feet deep , on sloping land , with a [keeping] wall on the uphill side .

Thus , for instance , we can readily understand retaining a definition for awful striking awe , but few would agree that that was either the dominant sense ( or even a common sense ) in the 1880s in America ; yet no other definition is provided .
thus , for instance , we can readily understand [keeping] a definition for awful striking awe , but few would agree that that was either the dominant sense ( or even a common sense ) in the 1880s in america ; yet no other definition is provided .

Still , French words in vast numbers , both of the law and of common speech , continued to be embraced by English and , by 1800 , the law itself joined that embrace , retaining French and Latin only for technical terms .
still , french words in vast numbers , both of the law and of common speech , continued to be embraced by english and , by 1800 , the law itself joined that embrace , [keeping] french and latin only for technical terms .

In From One Language to Another ( 1986 ) Jan de Waard and Eugene A. Nida decry the “ clinging to old-fashioned language even though the meaning has radically changed ” and as a deplorable example points to the retaining of “ The Lord is my shepherd , I shall not want ” even though want no longer means to ` lack ' but rather ` desire ' and continues with , “ Thus many persons understand this traditional rendering to mean , ` The Lord is my shepherd whom I shall not want . '
in from one language to another ( 1986 ) jan de waard and eugene a. nida decry the “ clinging to old-fashioned language even though the meaning has radically changed ” and as a deplorable example points to the [keeping] of “ the lord is my shepherd , i shall not want ” even though want no longer means to ` lack ' but rather ` desire ' and continues with , “ thus many persons understand this traditional rendering to mean , ` the lord is my shepherd whom i shall not want . '

By 1988 the editors of Dorland 's 28th edition had deleted three eponymous entries for hyperthyroidism , retaining Graves but now as Graves disease , the second s and its possessive apostrophe banished .
by 1988 the editors of dorland 's 28th edition had deleted three eponymous entries for hyperthyroidism , [keeping] graves but now as graves disease , the second s and its possessive apostrophe banished .

