The Adirondacks blaze brightest in early October , choice routes being 9N from Saratoga up to Lake George and 73 and 86 in the Lake Placid area .
the adirondacks blaze brightest in early october , choice [paths] being 9n from saratoga up to lake george and 73 and 86 in the lake placid area .

Farther south in New York there is a heavy haze of color over the Catskills in mid-October , notably along routes 23 and 23A .
farther south in new york there is a heavy haze of color over the catskills in mid-october , notably along [paths] 23 and 23a .

In Wisconsin , take route 55 north of Shawano or routes 78 and 60 from Portage to Prairie Du Chien .
in wisconsin , take route 55 north of shawano or [paths] 78 and 60 from portage to prairie du chien .

To hold them was an essential part of French policy , for they controlled the upper termini of the routes from the north to Mobile .
to hold them was an essential part of french policy , for they controlled the upper termini of the [paths] from the north to mobile .

for another , it was here that one of the old caravan routes came in .
for another , it was here that one of the old caravan [paths] came in .

The truck routes , the industrial areas with walls grimed with diesel smoke passed briefly through his mind -- back alleys were their access to a city and they could never stay .
the truck [paths] , the industrial areas with walls grimed with diesel smoke passed briefly through his mind -- back alleys were their access to a city and they could never stay .

The traffic-free routes in the Forest of Dean are already a big attraction for cyclists .
the traffic-free [paths] in the forest of dean are already a big attraction for cyclists .

Today it 's a cycleway in part of what could eventually be a network of 140 miles of routes linking towns and villages throught the Forest of Dean .
today it 's a cycleway in part of what could eventually be a network of 140 miles of [paths] linking towns and villages throught the forest of dean .

Intercity routes into London Paddington are among seven sections of the rail network to be offered out to private tender .
intercity [paths] into london paddington are among seven sections of the rail network to be offered out to private tender .

These convoys use many major routes in the Central South area on their way to the Faslane nuclear submarine base in Scotland .
these convoys use many major [paths] in the central south area on their way to the faslane nuclear submarine base in scotland .

The crash happened as motorists streamed home along one of the region 's busiest routes .
the crash happened as motorists streamed home along one of the region 's busiest [paths] .

The major routes throughout the London commuter belt were clear .
the major [paths] throughout the london commuter belt were clear .

The new trains were ordered long before the Government drew up its plans to put some routes out to private tender .
the new trains were ordered long before the government drew up its plans to put some [paths] out to private tender .

The birds are ringed so their migration routes can be traced .
the birds are ringed so their migration [paths] can be traced .

With plans afoot for two more major routes through the region , the Government 's being urged not to make the same mistake again .
with plans afoot for two more major [paths] through the region , the government 's being urged not to make the same mistake again .

The electrification of one of British Rail 's busiest commuter routes has moved a step closer .
the electrification of one of british rail 's busiest commuter [paths] has moved a step closer .

He says the garage is losing about nine thousand pounds a week in takings , most of which came from lorry drivers who are now using other routes .
he says the garage is losing about nine thousand pounds a week in takings , most of which came from lorry drivers who are now using other [paths] .

The Irish invasion of Cheltenham takes a variety of routes .
the irish invasion of cheltenham takes a variety of [paths] .

There are three routes … 25 miles for the older machines and up to 70 miles for robust models .
there are three [paths] … 25 miles for the older machines and up to 70 miles for robust models .

Robert Layton will be flying at about 2,000 feet to stay below commercial flight routes , low enough to run into bad weather , or his worst nightmare , fog as he crosses the Channel .
robert layton will be flying at about 2,000 feet to stay below commercial flight [paths] , low enough to run into bad weather , or his worst nightmare , fog as he crosses the channel .

climbing the white horses takes anything from three to five hours … routes up cliffs or pitches as they 're called are well mapped out in the mountain guides … and our team have made made it to the top in good time …
climbing the white horses takes anything from three to five hours … [paths] up cliffs or pitches as they 're called are well mapped out in the mountain guides … and our team have made made it to the top in good time …

The Grand Union canal , or the Grand Junction as the Aylesbury arm was known was one of the main routes for freight transport through England in the last century .
the grand union canal , or the grand junction as the aylesbury arm was known was one of the main [paths] for freight transport through england in the last century .

on short regional routes , 90 percent of trains should arrive within five minutes .
on short regional [paths] , 90 percent of trains should arrive within five minutes .

One of the country 's main routes to the south coast will be affected for months when part of the bridge is rebuilt .
one of the country 's main [paths] to the south coast will be affected for months when part of the bridge is rebuilt .

Yeah it gives you about three or four erm individual routes , do n't it ?
yeah it gives you about three or four erm individual [paths] , do n't it ?

or in some cases you get two intermediate routes
or in some cases you get two intermediate [paths]

It has it 's routes , it goes round and round
it has it 's [paths] , it goes round and round

Mr Stitt argued that Leuchars was the most suitable location for a helicopter base to cover the Central Highlands , with lower level access routes and better weather with less low cloud .
mr stitt argued that leuchars was the most suitable location for a helicopter base to cover the central highlands , with lower level access [paths] and better weather with less low cloud .

The next stage of testing would include monitoring pollution levels along the proposed routes of Lothian Region 's Greenways project , which will create an extra 20 miles of bus lanes .
the next stage of testing would include monitoring pollution levels along the proposed [paths] of lothian region 's greenways project , which will create an extra 20 miles of bus lanes .

The aim is to ‘ calm ’ or , apparently , slow down and make passage more difficult for all traffic on these trunk routes through a busy part of the city .
the aim is to ‘ calm ’ or , apparently , slow down and make passage more difficult for all traffic on these trunk [paths] through a busy part of the city .

This can and should be done by greatly improving public transport , by providing outer city park-and-ride facilities , by increasing charges for central city parking , by preventing , much more rigorously , uncontrolled parking on major routes and near busy junctions , and perhaps by road pricing .
this can and should be done by greatly improving public transport , by providing outer city park-and-ride facilities , by increasing charges for central city parking , by preventing , much more rigorously , uncontrolled parking on major [paths] and near busy junctions , and perhaps by road pricing .

The aircraft was the standard workhorse of Soviet medium-haul routes , a Tupolev 154 jet , six seats abreast .
the aircraft was the standard workhorse of soviet medium-haul [paths] , a tupolev 154 jet , six seats abreast .

It also questioned whether Rosyth could compete effectively for this business against firms in the Far East with their lower cost base and sites on the main tanker routes .
it also questioned whether rosyth could compete effectively for this business against firms in the far east with their lower cost base and sites on the main tanker [paths] .

And it is feared Durham County Council may have to find more cash to subsidise bus services as operators could either put up fares or scrap unpopular routes because they can not afford to replace worn out vehicles .
and it is feared durham county council may have to find more cash to subsidise bus services as operators could either put up fares or scrap unpopular [paths] because they can not afford to replace worn out vehicles .

They said the county might have to subsidise less popular bus routes or companies would raise fares to provide the cash to buy new buses .
they said the county might have to subsidise less popular bus [paths] or companies would raise fares to provide the cash to buy new buses .

Darlington 's cyclists also complained about being forced to dismount if they want to use those routes .
darlington 's cyclists also complained about being forced to dismount if they want to use those [paths] .

Call to restrict routes for hazardous cargo
call to restrict [paths] for hazardous cargo

After leaving port , tankers and other vessels with hazardous cargo should exit coastal waters by agreed safe routes and remain well away from all coasts until they reach their destination .
after leaving port , tankers and other vessels with hazardous cargo should exit coastal waters by agreed safe [paths] and remain well away from all coasts until they reach their destination .

Shipowners agree voluntary curbs on tanker routes
shipowners agree voluntary curbs on tanker [paths]

He added that he could choose from several routes which allowed him to halve his travelling time .
he added that he could choose from several [paths] which allowed him to halve his travelling time .

They say they are willing to continue using the Skerne Park routes for a trial period while the speed humps are introduced .
they say they are willing to continue using the skerne park [paths] for a trial period while the speed humps are introduced .

But last week both United Buses and Darlington Transport Company revealed they are reviewing their routes to the estate .
but last week both united buses and darlington transport company revealed they are reviewing their [paths] to the estate .

County councillors yesterday agreed the scheme should be introduced , with modified humps specially adapted for the buses on the main routes along Coleridge Gardens and Hammond Drive .
county councillors yesterday agreed the scheme should be introduced , with modified humps specially adapted for the buses on the main [paths] along coleridge gardens and hammond drive .

If suitable offers are received for the work being put out to tender today , Scotland will become the first country in the world with a fully-integrated national road management system using electronic roadside signs to warn and divert drivers on major routes and new , in-car navigation systems to beat urban traffic problems .
if suitable offers are received for the work being put out to tender today , scotland will become the first country in the world with a fully-integrated national road management system using electronic roadside signs to warn and divert drivers on major [paths] and new , in-car navigation systems to beat urban traffic problems .

Removing the wide-body aircraft will force American to cut some routes and possibly some hubs by summer , reversing nearly a decade of growth .
removing the wide-body aircraft will force american to cut some [paths] and possibly some hubs by summer , reversing nearly a decade of growth .

Routes could be planned for a variety of jumps etc .
[paths] could be planned for a variety of jumps etc .

Labour 's Coun. Jim Skinner said a planned review of bus routes could be modified to take account of air pollution levels .
labour 's coun. jim skinner said a planned review of bus [paths] could be modified to take account of air pollution levels .

‘ The fans responded to our request to arrive early , sober and by suggested routes , and were prompt and courteous in complying with police requests both inside and outside the ground .
‘ the fans responded to our request to arrive early , sober and by suggested [paths] , and were prompt and courteous in complying with police requests both inside and outside the ground .

Three routes had been proposed by Welsh Office planners .
three [paths] had been proposed by welsh office planners .

Two of them , the Red and Blue routes , run to the north of the village .
two of them , the red and blue [paths] , run to the north of the village .

He said : ‘ In contrast , both the other routes are well to the north of the village and away from residential areas , including the school . ’
he said : ‘ in contrast , both the other [paths] are well to the north of the village and away from residential areas , including the school . ’

Mr Patten said the Government was proposing tough new standards for the knowledge and skills new primary teachers needed and opening up new routes into teaching . ’
mr patten said the government was proposing tough new standards for the knowledge and skills new primary teachers needed and opening up new [paths] into teaching . ’

European scheduled traffic increased by 6.3pc and domestic routes continued their recovery with a 4.7pc rise .
european scheduled traffic increased by 6.3pc and domestic [paths] continued their recovery with a 4.7pc rise .

In Spain , linear state subsidies for building led to meandering lines ( Carr 1982 : 266 ) with the result that today , railway routes are often appreciably longer than the competing road route .
in spain , linear state subsidies for building led to meandering lines ( carr 1982 : 266 ) with the result that today , railway [paths] are often appreciably longer than the competing road route .

‘ We 're just trying to convince the Department of Transport of our case , then they can come back with proposed routes . ’
‘ we 're just trying to convince the department of transport of our case , then they can come back with proposed [paths] . ’

Three routes were out forward for the first section and two for the southern section .
three [paths] were out forward for the first section and two for the southern section .

Mr Graham and Mr Lindsay would visit sites along all the proposed routes before the inquiry started .
mr graham and mr lindsay would visit sites along all the proposed [paths] before the inquiry started .

David Newbegin , Durham County Council director of the environment , said : ‘ If we do n't put the message across to the heavy goods drivers that they must use alternative routes , the bridge will deteriorate and then no-one will be able to use it . ’
david newbegin , durham county council director of the environment , said : ‘ if we do n't put the message across to the heavy goods drivers that they must use alternative [paths] , the bridge will deteriorate and then no-one will be able to use it . ’

But as shopping habits changed many traders shut up shop and moved out blaming recession , traffic restrictions and fewer bus routes .
but as shopping habits changed many traders shut up shop and moved out blaming recession , traffic restrictions and fewer bus [paths] .

Like Wainwright he hopes his route will be used only as a guide and people will branch off in parts to find their own little routes .
like wainwright he hopes his route will be used only as a guide and people will branch off in parts to find their own little [paths] .

Boundary changes , opposition to routes and a lack of cash have all held up progress , but the project is set to start in autumn .
boundary changes , opposition to [paths] and a lack of cash have all held up progress , but the project is set to start in autumn .

And Richard Rosser , general secretary of the Transport Salaried Staffs Association , said : ‘ For towns and communities on the threatened routes , closure would be a devastating blow . ’
and richard rosser , general secretary of the transport salaried staffs association , said : ‘ for towns and communities on the threatened [paths] , closure would be a devastating blow . ’

Some routes thought to be in danger will instead get improved services .
some [paths] thought to be in danger will instead get improved services .

None of the five proposed routes crossed areas regarded as of the highest landscape value .
none of the five proposed [paths] crossed areas regarded as of the highest landscape value .

Of the three routes from Picton to Shipton , the western route was preferred .
of the three [paths] from picton to shipton , the western route was preferred .

There was a choice of pylon style suitable for the routes , including the low height tower which had two rather than three crossarms and the modernistic folded plate tower which resembled a huge lamp post .
there was a choice of pylon style suitable for the [paths] , including the low height tower which had two rather than three crossarms and the modernistic folded plate tower which resembled a huge lamp post .

Landowners along the proposed routes from Lackenby to Picton and Picton to Shipton were worried that a planning blight would affect a large swathe of their land until the outcome of the inquiry was known .
landowners along the proposed [paths] from lackenby to picton and picton to shipton were worried that a planning blight would affect a large swathe of their land until the outcome of the inquiry was known .

The Ridgeway is one of the oldest routes in the world , man and beast has been travelling its 85 mile length from Wiltshire to Buckinghamshire for at least 4,000 years .
the ridgeway is one of the oldest [paths] in the world , man and beast has been travelling its 85 mile length from wiltshire to buckinghamshire for at least 4,000 years .

Quarter of all services on the prestigious Thames and Chiltern routes are carrying fewer carriages or arriving late because of the problem .
quarter of all services on the prestigious thames and chiltern [paths] are carrying fewer carriages or arriving late because of the problem .

He even made his own plans to help plot escape routes .
he even made his own plans to help plot escape [paths] .

Now she 's sorting out which routes she 'll take .
now she 's sorting out which [paths] she 'll take .

Driving a 1960 Austin Healy Sprite on one of the toughest routes of the year , they won the North Armagh Club 's Orchard Rally by a convincing 17 point margin from the class two crew of Neil Fletcher and John Erwin .
driving a 1960 austin healy sprite on one of the toughest [paths] of the year , they won the north armagh club 's orchard rally by a convincing 17 point margin from the class two crew of neil fletcher and john erwin .

After they have gone there would be financial chaos with severely or perhaps mortally wounded airlines remaining at the City — it might take years for a network of routes to be soundly re-established .
after they have gone there would be financial chaos with severely or perhaps mortally wounded airlines remaining at the city — it might take years for a network of [paths] to be soundly re-established .

He says there should be more work done by local government providing a network of cycle routes — but we felt the only way to make progress on this paritcular section was to do it ourselves .
he says there should be more work done by local government providing a network of cycle [paths] — but we felt the only way to make progress on this paritcular section was to do it ourselves .

It does mean though bus services being used on routes which people want to use .
it does mean though bus services being used on [paths] which people want to use .

All the routes out the city are very very busy this evening down the Botley Road , up the Woodstock Road , and down the Abingdon Road .
all the [paths] out the city are very very busy this evening down the botley road , up the woodstock road , and down the abingdon road .

Traffic 's still very busy at the moment , and all the major routes leading out of Oxford and Oxford City Centre still busy .
traffic 's still very busy at the moment , and all the major [paths] leading out of oxford and oxford city centre still busy .

Traffic 's slowly beginning to ease up on all major routes coming out of Oxford , Abingdon and Aylesbury and no major problems to report in the centres either .
traffic 's slowly beginning to ease up on all major [paths] coming out of oxford , abingdon and aylesbury and no major problems to report in the centres either .

mhm Do you think it had anything to do with protecting the routes to India ?
mhm do you think it had anything to do with protecting the [paths] to india ?

And during the last two centuries , especially when Britain had strong ties with India and the Indian sub-continent and the trade was flourishing on those routes .
and during the last two centuries , especially when britain had strong ties with india and the indian sub-continent and the trade was flourishing on those [paths] .

Will the Treasury provide guarantees of losses over the life of a franchise on , for example , rural or commuter routes ?
will the treasury provide guarantees of losses over the life of a franchise on , for example , rural or commuter [paths] ?

Not only does the Government want to put the railways into the private sector , it also wants competition on the routes .
not only does the government want to put the railways into the private sector , it also wants competition on the [paths] .

But it is unlikely to find that goal outside the premier routes from London to Manchester , Birmingham , Leeds and Newcastle .
but it is unlikely to find that goal outside the premier [paths] from london to manchester , birmingham , leeds and newcastle .

The Government would support infrastructure development on profitable routes with interest free loans while it would contribute to the cost of unprofitable routes .
the government would support infrastructure development on profitable [paths] with interest free loans while it would contribute to the cost of unprofitable [paths] .

The commencement of a daily Qantas service to Australia via the Far East and Gulf Air 's start on the Abu Dhabi routes bodes well for the future , ’ said Manchester Airport chief executive , Gil Thompson .
the commencement of a daily qantas service to australia via the far east and gulf air 's start on the abu dhabi [paths] bodes well for the future , ’ said manchester airport chief executive , gil thompson .

Up to 1,600 jobs will go in the take-over which will also halt charter operations and cut the number of Dan-Air scheduled routes from 28 to 12 .
up to 1,600 jobs will go in the take-over which will also halt charter operations and cut the number of dan-air scheduled [paths] from 28 to 12 .

Peter Coffey , director of Wirral City Lands initiative , said alternative access routes had been investigated but they were either not feasible or extremely expensive .
peter coffey , director of wirral city lands initiative , said alternative access [paths] had been investigated but they were either not feasible or extremely expensive .

It is hoped to set up a network of United Nations monitors along the routes who will work closely with liaison officers from the Serb , Croat and Muslim factions so that the convoys are not fired on .
it is hoped to set up a network of united nations monitors along the [paths] who will work closely with liaison officers from the serb , croat and muslim factions so that the convoys are not fired on .

At night , the Verdun sky resembled a ‘ stupendous Aurora Borealis ’ , but by day the only splashes of colour that one French soldier-artist could find were the rose tints displayed by the frightful wounds of the horses lying scattered about the approach routes , lips pulled back over jaws in the hideousness of death .
at night , the verdun sky resembled a ‘ stupendous aurora borealis ’ , but by day the only splashes of colour that one french soldier-artist could find were the rose tints displayed by the frightful wounds of the horses lying scattered about the approach [paths] , lips pulled back over jaws in the hideousness of death .

Fixed enemy guns fired a shell every two or three minutes on each of the few well-known routes with the accuracy of long practice .
fixed enemy guns fired a shell every two or three minutes on each of the few well-known [paths] with the accuracy of long practice .

The second German mistake in the air over Verdun , and by far the most disastrous of the two , was their failure to utilise initial superiority to cut the French supply routes to Verdun .
the second german mistake in the air over verdun , and by far the most disastrous of the two , was their failure to utilise initial superiority to cut the french supply [paths] to verdun .

To gain a wider appreciation of customer opinion of the trolley service , appraisal cards have been given to passengers on selected routes for their constructive criticism , and overall the comments are good .
to gain a wider appreciation of customer opinion of the trolley service , appraisal cards have been given to passengers on selected [paths] for their constructive criticism , and overall the comments are good .

removal of ‘ red tape ’ on road haulage and shipping services between member countries should be provided on equal terms , and more competition on air routes with lower overall fares ;
removal of ‘ red tape ’ on road haulage and shipping services between member countries should be provided on equal terms , and more competition on air [paths] with lower overall fares ;

Wiltshire County Council Highways department have been involved in the planning of this project and will be putting up advanced warning signs , highlighting alternative routes for light traffic .
wiltshire county council highways department have been involved in the planning of this project and will be putting up advanced warning signs , highlighting alternative [paths] for light traffic .

Several treatment routes can be taken , but there is no guarantee , that any of them will prove effective .
several treatment [paths] can be taken , but there is no guarantee , that any of them will prove effective .

This is hard work and an easier alternative , particularly with cichlids is to study their preferred routes in the aquarium , and then to set-up the camera at a select vantage point , and shoot when the fish comes into view .
this is hard work and an easier alternative , particularly with cichlids is to study their preferred [paths] in the aquarium , and then to set-up the camera at a select vantage point , and shoot when the fish comes into view .

It was never , as we have seen , the Labour government 's intention that the independence of India should be the prelude to a general nunc dimittis , and this disposes of the plausible notion that once India was gone the pointlessness of holding on to the rest of the dependent empire , supposedly acquired to protect the sea routes to Bombay , was immediately perceived .
it was never , as we have seen , the labour government 's intention that the independence of india should be the prelude to a general nunc dimittis , and this disposes of the plausible notion that once india was gone the pointlessness of holding on to the rest of the dependent empire , supposedly acquired to protect the sea [paths] to bombay , was immediately perceived .

Reverberation is produced by sounds arriving at the listener 's ear having taken several routes of different lengths .
reverberation is produced by sounds arriving at the listener 's ear having taken several [paths] of different lengths .

Continue to copy the artwork by filling in the routes of the copper conductors , using the same technique ( tape or special ink pen ) described last month .
continue to copy the artwork by filling in the [paths] of the copper conductors , using the same technique ( tape or special ink pen ) described last month .

Staff members have acted in an advisory capacity on such projects as sites for dams , reservoirs , power stations , underground storage , major sewage schemes , new towns and buildings of all kinds , quarries , tunnels and routes for major roads and pipe lines .
staff members have acted in an advisory capacity on such projects as sites for dams , reservoirs , power stations , underground storage , major sewage schemes , new towns and buildings of all kinds , quarries , tunnels and [paths] for major roads and pipe lines .

Since deregulation of bus services some routes may have been altered or replaced .
since deregulation of bus services some [paths] may have been altered or replaced .

What you need to know about now is how to bring your practice and your registration status up to date , and the different routes of re-entry available to you .
what you need to know about now is how to bring your practice and your registration status up to date , and the different [paths] of re-entry available to you .

Alternative routes of re-entry
alternative [paths] of re-entry

There are several routes open to qualified nurses and health visitors , although these will be limited if you wish to remain within one area of clinical practice . These include returning :
there are several [paths] open to qualified nurses and health visitors , although these will be limited if you wish to remain within one area of clinical practice . these include returning :

If you 're looking for a challenge there are plenty of lowland long distance routes to choose from — just the thing to liven up your autumn .
if you 're looking for a challenge there are plenty of lowland long distance [paths] to choose from — just the thing to liven up your autumn .

Paul Traynor heads for the hills with seven mid-sized rucksacks , ideal for long hostel-based routes or shorter backpacking trips . Here 's how they fared
paul traynor heads for the hills with seven mid-sized rucksacks , ideal for long hostel-based [paths] or shorter backpacking trips . here 's how they fared

The Forestry Commission believe that as well as catering for a growth sport , building these new routes helps separate bikers from walkers , so helping both to enjoy the forest in peace and safety .
the forestry commission believe that as well as catering for a growth sport , building these new [paths] helps separate bikers from walkers , so helping both to enjoy the forest in peace and safety .

There are several possible routes to choose — try retracing your steps as far as Suileag .
there are several possible [paths] to choose — try retracing your steps as far as suileag .

There are lots of different walking and cycling routes to choose from .
there are lots of different walking and cycling [paths] to choose from .

Some exposed scrambling is involved in these routes .
some exposed scrambling is involved in these [paths] .

They are waymarking routes which are well graded and not too difficult — an increase in facilities will take people off the roads which ca n't be a bad thing .
they are waymarking [paths] which are well graded and not too difficult — an increase in facilities will take people off the roads which ca n't be a bad thing .

Obviously he 's never going to get his chair up serious hills on his own , but is it too much to ask for the planners of country parks and the like to consider less able users when planning level routes such as nature trails ?
obviously he 's never going to get his chair up serious hills on his own , but is it too much to ask for the planners of country parks and the like to consider less able users when planning level [paths] such as nature trails ?

Mountain bikers have been given greater access to Lancashire 's most impressive countryside with new routes created by the West Pennine Moors Countryside Service .
mountain bikers have been given greater access to lancashire 's most impressive countryside with new [paths] created by the west pennine moors countryside service .

Climbers ' eyes tend to be drawn to the cleanest and most direct route up a rock face , while in a similar way walkers piece together peaks and ridges to create their own ‘ direct ’ routes — albeit ( usually ) on a more horizontal plane .
climbers ' eyes tend to be drawn to the cleanest and most direct route up a rock face , while in a similar way walkers piece together peaks and ridges to create their own ‘ direct ’ [paths] — albeit ( usually ) on a more horizontal plane .

And as with tarmac highways , weekends and Bank Holidays can bring heavy traffic on the best known routes .
and as with tarmac highways , weekends and bank holidays can bring heavy traffic on the best known [paths] .

Ridge rovers arriving in South Wales for the first time probably have firm plans to tackle the splendid routes in the Black Mountains and , of course , the classic escarpment topped by Pen y Fan in the Brecon Beacons .
ridge rovers arriving in south wales for the first time probably have firm plans to tackle the splendid [paths] in the black mountains and , of course , the classic escarpment topped by pen y fan in the brecon beacons .

The circuit takes 12 days in total and can be walked in sections of two days or more , on high or low level alternative routes .
the circuit takes 12 days in total and can be walked in sections of two days or more , on high or low level alternative [paths] .

Escape Routes
escape [paths]

Escape Routes
escape [paths]

Possibilities for wheelchair users wanting to enjoy more challenging routes do exist .
possibilities for wheelchair users wanting to enjoy more challenging [paths] do exist .

Alternative routes at high tide leave the coast at Easton Bavents and Green Heath , Covehithe .
alternative [paths] at high tide leave the coast at easton bavents and green heath , covehithe .

Repeat this process ( through ljadi ) until all routes from that node have been followed ( now followed each of ‘ c ’ , ‘ l ’ and ‘ i ’ routes from the ‘ d ’ node ) .
repeat this process ( through ljadi ) until all [paths] from that node have been followed ( now followed each of ‘ c ’ , ‘ l ’ and ‘ i ’ [paths] from the ‘ d ’ node ) .

Each node contains one letter rather than one word , thus allowing for the study of sub-word letter sequences , but to make the searching algorithm most efficient , all 26 routes from every node in the tree must be allowed for , and on average most of these are wasted .
each node contains one letter rather than one word , thus allowing for the study of sub-word letter sequences , but to make the searching algorithm most efficient , all 26 [paths] from every node in the tree must be allowed for , and on average most of these are wasted .

Using two experimental word lists of 14,769 items and 79,065 items , the mean number of routes used is 1/26 , and just less than 1/26 respectively .
using two experimental word lists of 14,769 items and 79,065 items , the mean number of [paths] used is 1/26 , and just less than 1/26 respectively .

Obviously this memory overhead can be greatly reduced by only allocating space for those routes which are used ( i.e .
obviously this memory overhead can be greatly reduced by only allocating space for those [paths] which are used ( i.e .

an n-ary tree where n is variable between 0 and 26 ) , for example typical routes from ‘ z ’ would be ‘ e ’ , ‘ i ’ and ‘ o ’ .
an n-ary tree where n is variable between 0 and 26 ) , for example typical [paths] from ‘ z ’ would be ‘ e ’ , ‘ i ’ and ‘ o ’ .

However , when searching for a particular route from the ‘ z ’ , a linear search must be employed to establish whether it exists or not , which slows down the search time compared with the 26-way tree where all 26 routes are allocated .
however , when searching for a particular route from the ‘ z ’ , a linear search must be employed to establish whether it exists or not , which slows down the search time compared with the 26-way tree where all 26 [paths] are allocated .

through the ‘ c ’ and ‘ a ’ nodes , then followed down all routes from the ‘ a ’ node to see if a path exists which ends in ‘ e ’ , where the end of word flag is set .
through the ‘ c ’ and ‘ a ’ nodes , then followed down all [paths] from the ‘ a ’ node to see if a path exists which ends in ‘ e ’ , where the end of word flag is set .

But routes where the service is poor may get away with rises of 4.5 per cent .
but [paths] where the service is poor may get away with rises of 4.5 per cent .

This event will also give advice about equipment , routes and safety and will involve trying out new skills on a cycle orienteering course .
this event will also give advice about equipment , [paths] and safety and will involve trying out new skills on a cycle orienteering course .

There are a number of routes you could take if you want to work in a job where you 'll be looking after the countryside .
there are a number of [paths] you could take if you want to work in a job where you 'll be looking after the countryside .

Off-road routes for mountain bikes on the Isle of Weight have been outlined in a new series of guides , Byways and Bridleways by Mountain Bike .
off-road [paths] for mountain bikes on the isle of weight have been outlined in a new series of guides , byways and bridleways by mountain bike .

The Cleveland Way and the Lyke Wake Walk are , of course , the best known long distance routes and they coincide for about 12 miles .
the cleveland way and the lyke wake walk are , of course , the best known long distance [paths] and they coincide for about 12 miles .

Escape Routes
escape [paths]

Escape Routes
escape [paths]

Escape Routes
escape [paths]

Some of the walks are waymarked with different coloured trail markers showing some of the best routes .
some of the walks are waymarked with different coloured trail markers showing some of the best [paths] .

Harding pays tribute to the area in his lovely book Walking the Dales where he describes many of his favourite walks , some popular , some far away from the main routes .
harding pays tribute to the area in his lovely book walking the dales where he describes many of his favourite walks , some popular , some far away from the main [paths] .

Return trips on trans-atlantic routes will start at £229 from October until the end of next March .
return trips on trans-atlantic [paths] will start at £229 from october until the end of next march .

The majority of these operate ‘ bussing routes ’ so that the expatriate families do not necessarily need to live close to the school itself but may choose to live along the school bus route , over a wider area of the capital .
the majority of these operate ‘ bussing [paths] ’ so that the expatriate families do not necessarily need to live close to the school itself but may choose to live along the school bus route , over a wider area of the capital .

‘ The more footpaths we open , the less pressure there 'll be on the most well-used routes , ’ she says .
‘ the more footpaths we open , the less pressure there 'll be on the most well-used [paths] , ’ she says .

Dad drew him maps to the unconscious ; he suggested routes and speeds , clothing for the journey and how to sit at the wheel when approaching the dangerous interior .
dad drew him maps to the unconscious ; he suggested [paths] and speeds , clothing for the journey and how to sit at the wheel when approaching the dangerous interior .

Where densities need to be even higher for reasons of land availability or cost , the combination of traffic segregation with an attractive living environment is more difficult still to achieve , for it usually implies construction of grade-separated routes for pedestrians and motorised traffic .
where densities need to be even higher for reasons of land availability or cost , the combination of traffic segregation with an attractive living environment is more difficult still to achieve , for it usually implies construction of grade-separated [paths] for pedestrians and motorised traffic .

… on roads providing a distributive function , accident rates are minimised where frontage access is prohibited and the layout of the residential development is such that pedestrians and cyclists have no need to use routes that run alongside highways .
… on roads providing a distributive function , accident rates are minimised where frontage access is prohibited and the layout of the residential development is such that pedestrians and cyclists have no need to use [paths] that run alongside highways .

… influence driver behaviour so that drivers are induced to follow planned routes at moderate speeds , and with proper attention being given to the needs of pedestrians and cyclists ;
… influence driver behaviour so that drivers are induced to follow planned [paths] at moderate speeds , and with proper attention being given to the needs of pedestrians and cyclists ;

… reducing the number of vehicles passing through residential areas by providing attractive alternative routes for through traffic and by providing appropriate distributor routes ;
… reducing the number of vehicles passing through residential areas by providing attractive alternative [paths] for through traffic and by providing appropriate distributor [paths] ;

Where pedestrian volumes were heavy , walkers should have special pedestrian routes .
where pedestrian volumes were heavy , walkers should have special pedestrian [paths] .

The hierarchy of facilities provided for walking and cycling in Buxtehude is thus extensive as Figure 6.20 shows , ranging from pedestrianised areas , pedestrian priority routes , shared tracks for walking and cycling , cycle lanes along main routes , cycle priority streets and cycle lanes in roads .
the hierarchy of facilities provided for walking and cycling in buxtehude is thus extensive as figure 6.20 shows , ranging from pedestrianised areas , pedestrian priority [paths] , shared tracks for walking and cycling , cycle lanes along main [paths] , cycle priority streets and cycle lanes in roads .

This provides an added potential benefit to traffic travelling along the main routes by reducing the number of locations where this is in conflict with turning traffic , but provides little control over speeds once traffic has penetrated the residential area .
this provides an added potential benefit to traffic travelling along the main [paths] by reducing the number of locations where this is in conflict with turning traffic , but provides little control over speeds once traffic has penetrated the residential area .

In general , pedestrians prefer to walk on the level and by direct routes .
in general , pedestrians prefer to walk on the level and by direct [paths] .

However , segregation of walkers from vehicles provides the greatest safety along routes where vehicle traffic is heavy and it is increasingly realised that this is an appropriate solution too where pedestrian flows are concentrated , such as in central shopping areas .
however , segregation of walkers from vehicles provides the greatest safety along [paths] where vehicle traffic is heavy and it is increasingly realised that this is an appropriate solution too where pedestrian flows are concentrated , such as in central shopping areas .

In urban Britain outside the new towns , networks of pedestrianised routes that might connect such shopping areas with housing scarcely exist .
in urban britain outside the new towns , networks of pedestrianised [paths] that might connect such shopping areas with housing scarcely exist .

Admittedly , some authorities have seized opportunities to create linear walking routes for recreation such as ‘ greenways ’ along canal towpaths and disused railway lines , and these provide segregated pedestrian routeways as well as recreation space .
admittedly , some authorities have seized opportunities to create linear walking [paths] for recreation such as ‘ greenways ’ along canal towpaths and disused railway lines , and these provide segregated pedestrian routeways as well as recreation space .

Such networks must , for all users , be accessible and negotiable , in that surfaces and routes must not present barriers to any societal group .
such networks must , for all users , be accessible and negotiable , in that surfaces and [paths] must not present barriers to any societal group .

Such routes should increase in density towards the town centre , where they might have weather-protection canopies and be served by what Ramsay has called ‘ pedestrian service points ’ .
such [paths] should increase in density towards the town centre , where they might have weather-protection canopies and be served by what ramsay has called ‘ pedestrian service points ’ .

As pedestrian routes approach residential quarters , flows of walkers would be thinner than in town centres and could be served by less elaborate facilities .
as pedestrian [paths] approach residential quarters , flows of walkers would be thinner than in town centres and could be served by less elaborate facilities .

Enclosed bus/ tram stops that shelter and welcome the passenger need to be set in a traffic-calmed environment , with pedestrian priority across surrounding roads and –unctions.43 in residential areas , these pedestrian networks and public transport stops should be so organised as to provide ‘ safe routes to school ’ , as in the Danish examples discussed in Chapter Ten .
enclosed bus/ tram stops that shelter and welcome the passenger need to be set in a traffic-calmed environment , with pedestrian priority across surrounding roads and –unctions.43 in residential areas , these pedestrian networks and public transport stops should be so organised as to provide ‘ safe [paths] to school ’ , as in the danish examples discussed in chapter ten .

Nevertheless , the walking routes would need positive environmental treatment to encourage a pedestrian ambience , such as tree-planting , provision of green areas and small-scale signs and lights .
nevertheless , the walking [paths] would need positive environmental treatment to encourage a pedestrian ambience , such as tree-planting , provision of green areas and small-scale signs and lights .

Rather , the selective diversion of vehicular flows away from routes of high pedestrian demand , together with the modification of the urban fabric by pedestrian-friendly and environmentally sensitive measures will positively encourage the walk-trip .
rather , the selective diversion of vehicular flows away from [paths] of high pedestrian demand , together with the modification of the urban fabric by pedestrian-friendly and environmentally sensitive measures will positively encourage the walk-trip .

But if the calming stops at the boundaries of the housing area , or if specific attempts are not made to carry cycle routes across neighbouring busy roads , then few will be able to use the cycle for their daily journeys .
but if the calming stops at the boundaries of the housing area , or if specific attempts are not made to carry cycle [paths] across neighbouring busy roads , then few will be able to use the cycle for their daily journeys .

For these reasons , cycling is a way of providing mobility which is cheap for society and for the individual as Hudson puts it , ‘ The provision of routes for bicycles gives people ‘ freeways ’ for the price of footpaths ’ .
for these reasons , cycling is a way of providing mobility which is cheap for society and for the individual as hudson puts it , ‘ the provision of [paths] for bicycles gives people ‘ freeways ’ for the price of footpaths ’ .

Everything about the construction and maintenance of such routes should be pro-cycle , so that they retain smooth surfaces , good lighting , shelter from wind , attractive landscaping and protection from vehicles ( Figure 9.2 ) .
everything about the construction and maintenance of such [paths] should be pro-cycle , so that they retain smooth surfaces , good lighting , shelter from wind , attractive landscaping and protection from vehicles ( figure 9.2 ) .

As cyclists choose shortest routes , the network should be dense , with virtually all roads accessible for cycle movement .
as cyclists choose shortest [paths] , the network should be dense , with virtually all roads accessible for cycle movement .

To ensure shortest-path routes for cyclists and to increase their safety and comfort , cycle traffic can be permitted to deviate from existing traffic regulations .
to ensure shortest-path [paths] for cyclists and to increase their safety and comfort , cycle traffic can be permitted to deviate from existing traffic regulations .

The principal conclusion was that in urban areas single cycle routes do not have a clear large-scale effect .
the principal conclusion was that in urban areas single cycle [paths] do not have a clear large-scale effect .

The overall result has been the successful promotion of a positive attitude in relation to bicycle use in general , a result which in space and time has impacts beyond the immediate locality of the routes .
the overall result has been the successful promotion of a positive attitude in relation to bicycle use in general , a result which in space and time has impacts beyond the immediate locality of the [paths] .

As built , the urban network consists of the primary cycle routes which give access to schools , workplaces , the city centre , the railway station and recreational facilities throughout the city .
as built , the urban network consists of the primary cycle [paths] which give access to schools , workplaces , the city centre , the railway station and recreational facilities throughout the city .

It comprises a rectangular grid of routes some 400–600m apart , connecting on the city edge to the regional cycle network .
it comprises a rectangular grid of [paths] some 400–600m apart , connecting on the city edge to the regional cycle network .

These links are heavily trafficked and must therefore be high-capacity and high-convenience routes ( Figure 9.10 ) .
these links are heavily trafficked and must therefore be high-capacity and high-convenience [paths] ( figure 9.10 ) .

With more schoolchildren and shoppers using these routes , cyclist vulnerability is greater , yet the high density of the routes precludes grade separation at all intersections .
with more schoolchildren and shoppers using these [paths] , cyclist vulnerability is greater , yet the high density of the [paths] precludes grade separation at all intersections .

Many of the users are children and many of the routes utilise Woonerven , whose design is of course already satisfactory for carrying neighbourhood cycle traffic .
many of the users are children and many of the [paths] utilise woonerven , whose design is of course already satisfactory for carrying neighbourhood cycle traffic .

The 233 Liphook–Alton college and the 237 Bramshott–Liphook–Bordon–Alton College routes will be operated by Altonian Coaches .
the 233 liphook–alton college and the 237 bramshott–liphook–bordon–alton college [paths] will be operated by altonian coaches .

The dilemmas of decision making for families and social workers are then related to the legal routes into care , some of which are shown to be misused in practice .
the dilemmas of decision making for families and social workers are then related to the legal [paths] into care , some of which are shown to be misused in practice .

This would need to look at why we have a welfare service of ‘ being in care ’ , how this has developed historically , what routes are taken by children coming into care and the circumstances surrounding their entry .
this would need to look at why we have a welfare service of ‘ being in care ’ , how this has developed historically , what [paths] are taken by children coming into care and the circumstances surrounding their entry .

There are only a few passes which remain open all year , although many smaller routes can be traversed freely throughout the summer months .
there are only a few passes which remain open all year , although many smaller [paths] can be traversed freely throughout the summer months .

In between these two routes there is no way across the surface but there are plenty of underground passages which lead under the mountains .
in between these two [paths] there is no way across the surface but there are plenty of underground passages which lead under the mountains .

Soldiers dressed in this fashion guard the entrance to the Black Fire Pass , one of the few overland routes across the mountains and a route favoured by Orc raiders .
soldiers dressed in this fashion guard the entrance to the black fire pass , one of the few overland [paths] across the mountains and a route favoured by orc raiders .

Go back to Spain 's historic routes
go back to spain 's historic [paths]

Not to mention the Palaces , Monastic and Village routes , or those through the National Parks .
not to mention the palaces , monastic and village [paths] , or those through the national parks .

This obsession with changing its environment sometimes causes the Beaver to fall foul of local authorities , particularly when the end result obstructs the migratory routes of Salmon or leads to the flooding of woodlands and highways .
this obsession with changing its environment sometimes causes the beaver to fall foul of local authorities , particularly when the end result obstructs the migratory [paths] of salmon or leads to the flooding of woodlands and highways .

They are without right half Chris Maitland , who is on holiday , and reserve goalkeeper Chris Routes , who has a knee injury , but otherwise had every reason to be confident .
they are without right half chris maitland , who is on holiday , and reserve goalkeeper chris [paths] , who has a knee injury , but otherwise had every reason to be confident .

We now offer you a wider range of routes than any other ferry company and are opening our Southampton-Cherbourg crossing to smooth your passage to Western France .
we now offer you a wider range of [paths] than any other ferry company and are opening our southampton-cherbourg crossing to smooth your passage to western france .

Amateur radio reports spoke of Serb fighters shelling the escape routes used by fleeing civilians .
amateur radio reports spoke of serb fighters shelling the escape [paths] used by fleeing civilians .

We have five other carriers queueing for transatlantic routes , but the Government will not give them licences .
we have five other carriers queueing for transatlantic [paths] , but the government will not give them licences .

’ Mr Burns said American Airlines had aimed to get more routes out of Stansted .
’ mr burns said american airlines had aimed to get more [paths] out of stansted .

It may be possible to link the distribution patterns of imported goods with those trade routes reconstructed on the Continent ( Hodges 1982a , p. 29ff . )
it may be possible to link the distribution patterns of imported goods with those trade [paths] reconstructed on the continent ( hodges 1982a , p. 29ff . )

In some TRPs , many routes between sites will be impossible and so , for many i , j , will not be specified and we will expect to have x i j = 0 .
in some trps , many [paths] between sites will be impossible and so , for many i , j , will not be specified and we will expect to have x i j = 0 .

These name changes result from reforms being put into place by the Government to broaden access to higher education and to remove the barriers that have traditionally existed between the ‘ academic ’ and ‘ vocational ’ higher educational routes .
these name changes result from reforms being put into place by the government to broaden access to higher education and to remove the barriers that have traditionally existed between the ‘ academic ’ and ‘ vocational ’ higher educational [paths] .

The girls , whose already narrow range of options and escape routes are limited still further , are the victims .
the girls , whose already narrow range of options and escape [paths] are limited still further , are the victims .

But unless escape routes have been allowed , that response will be thwarted .
but unless escape [paths] have been allowed , that response will be thwarted .

Twin Otters were tried for a while , but proved uneconomic on short routes .
twin otters were tried for a while , but proved uneconomic on short [paths] .

Routes to England and France are normally flown at flight levels 50 and 40 respectively , and present an opportunity for a reasonable period in cruise mode .
[paths] to england and france are normally flown at flight levels 50 and 40 respectively , and present an opportunity for a reasonable period in cruise mode .

In the seventeenth century a new era commenced , with Madeira at the centre of the trade routes between Europe and Africa , the East and West Indies and North and South America .
in the seventeenth century a new era commenced , with madeira at the centre of the trade [paths] between europe and africa , the east and west indies and north and south america .

There are many buses in Madeira , and all routes start and finish in Funchal , where most buses can be found arriving , departing or just dumped on Avenida das Comunidades Madeirenses ( the main road along the sea front ) .
there are many buses in madeira , and all [paths] start and finish in funchal , where most buses can be found arriving , departing or just dumped on avenida das comunidades madeirenses ( the main road along the sea front ) .

Timetables are sometimes available from the Tourist Office , although the times are not always reliable and many buses and routes are not shown in the timetable .
timetables are sometimes available from the tourist office , although the times are not always reliable and many buses and [paths] are not shown in the timetable .

many special mountain sections and night drives , and the routes cover the whole island .
many special mountain sections and night drives , and the [paths] cover the whole island .

After Canhas there is a road to the right — which it is very easy to miss — which leads up to Paúl da Serra and one of the alternative routes through to Porto do Moniz .
after canhas there is a road to the right — which it is very easy to miss — which leads up to paúl da serra and one of the alternative [paths] through to porto do moniz .

The rumour that it was radioactive arose after the Soviet authorities requested some civilian aircraft not to fly their usual routes from Japan to Europe for 48 hours for ‘ technical reasons ’ .
the rumour that it was radioactive arose after the soviet authorities requested some civilian aircraft not to fly their usual [paths] from japan to europe for 48 hours for ‘ technical reasons ’ .

Those routes would have brought the flights near the area of the cloud .
those [paths] would have brought the flights near the area of the cloud .

take short cuts across open ground or down unlit alleyways ? If you are forced to use a dingy side street , do you casually notice potential escape routes or sources of help like pubs , garages or occupied houses ?
take short cuts across open ground or down unlit alleyways ? if you are forced to use a dingy side street , do you casually notice potential escape [paths] or sources of help like pubs , garages or occupied houses ?

In any dodgy situation , whether you are walking down a lonely street or standing in a crowded bar where an argument is brewing , make sure that you are aware of possible escape routes .
in any dodgy situation , whether you are walking down a lonely street or standing in a crowded bar where an argument is brewing , make sure that you are aware of possible escape [paths] .

Thereafter they would be into the East March , and following the enemy would be less straightforward , with the country opening out and various routes possible — into the Merse , down the Scots side of Tweed , down the English side , or southwards into the Till valley of Northumberland .
thereafter they would be into the east march , and following the enemy would be less straightforward , with the country opening out and various [paths] possible — into the merse , down the scots side of tweed , down the english side , or southwards into the till valley of northumberland .

The language used by the ivory and slave traders as well as by European explorers like Burton , Speke , Stanley and Livingstone , it spread along the trade routes : inland from Bagamoyo , Kilwa and Mboamaji to Tabora and then south towards the gap between Takes Tanganyika and Malawi , west to the town of Ujiji on Lake Tanganyika , north-west to Karagwe and north to Lake Victoria .
the language used by the ivory and slave traders as well as by european explorers like burton , speke , stanley and livingstone , it spread along the trade [paths] : inland from bagamoyo , kilwa and mboamaji to tabora and then south towards the gap between takes tanganyika and malawi , west to the town of ujiji on lake tanganyika , north-west to karagwe and north to lake victoria .

the best routes to take to reach individual customers
the best [paths] to take to reach individual customers

Showing pubic hair is illegal under Japanese obscenity laws , but international computer networks like CompuServe are already on-line as efficient and low-risk international smuggling routes for sexually explicit pornographic images .
showing pubic hair is illegal under japanese obscenity laws , but international computer networks like compuserve are already on-line as efficient and low-risk international smuggling [paths] for sexually explicit pornographic images .

Also lacking through routes , as well as extending over seventy miles , Sussex has always been administered in two divisions with two county towns , of which the second , Lewes , was similar in size to Chichester , though less prosperous at this time in having far fewer affluent burgesses and no well-paid artificers .
also lacking through [paths] , as well as extending over seventy miles , sussex has always been administered in two divisions with two county towns , of which the second , lewes , was similar in size to chichester , though less prosperous at this time in having far fewer affluent burgesses and no well-paid artificers .

Grass routes
grass [paths]

My research indicates a variety of routes to class , trade union and gender consciousness and the probability of interaction between several factors : hardships experienced in a working-class childhood ; changes in household structure , such as taking over the ‘ man 's ’ role of breadwinner ; becoming involved in industrial action ; developing a new awareness of how social life is organised through contact with political or trade union ideologies ; and just growing older and having more time free from actual and ideological family constraints .
my research indicates a variety of [paths] to class , trade union and gender consciousness and the probability of interaction between several factors : hardships experienced in a working-class childhood ; changes in household structure , such as taking over the ‘ man 's ’ role of breadwinner ; becoming involved in industrial action ; developing a new awareness of how social life is organised through contact with political or trade union ideologies ; and just growing older and having more time free from actual and ideological family constraints .

Some will have come through mainstream nursery experience with its honourable history of innovation ; others by way of special/remedial education routes .
some will have come through mainstream nursery experience with its honourable history of innovation ; others by way of special/remedial education [paths] .

Feminist psychology of women will generate no universal laws , promise no uncomplicated models of change , and offer no easy routes to undermining gender-biased differentials .
feminist psychology of women will generate no universal laws , promise no uncomplicated models of change , and offer no easy [paths] to undermining gender-biased differentials .

The young Denknetzeyan fled to Moscow , once more following the backwoods routes .
the young denknetzeyan fled to moscow , once more following the backwoods [paths] .

Trade routes lost during the Sundering were re-opened .
trade [paths] lost during the sundering were re-opened .

Malekith had been shown the secret trade routes of the Dwarfs during his period as Bel Shanaar 's ambassador , and he now used that knowledge to his own benefit .
malekith had been shown the secret trade [paths] of the dwarfs during his period as bel shanaar 's ambassador , and he now used that knowledge to his own benefit .

At the tip of the Dark Continent the Fortress of the Dawn was built to refit the fleets and protect the trade routes to Cathay .
at the tip of the dark continent the fortress of the dawn was built to refit the fleets and protect the trade [paths] to cathay .

Legends of these terrible sea routes reached the Old World and caused men to talk of the Elf-realm with dread .
legends of these terrible sea [paths] reached the old world and caused men to talk of the elf-realm with dread .

Papez therefore located the emotional behaviour mechanisms in the brainstem , especially in the mammillary bodies which , he believed , received sensory information via subcortical relay routes , and cognitive information from the cerebral cortex via the hippocampus and its subcortical projection system , the fornix .
papez therefore located the emotional behaviour mechanisms in the brainstem , especially in the mammillary bodies which , he believed , received sensory information via subcortical relay [paths] , and cognitive information from the cerebral cortex via the hippocampus and its subcortical projection system , the fornix .

There are relatively direct , ‘ lemniscal ’ pathways from the receptors to the cortex and other , less direct , routes that involve largely subcortical relays .
there are relatively direct , ‘ lemniscal ’ pathways from the receptors to the cortex and other , less direct , [paths] that involve largely subcortical relays .

This selection of valley routes concentrates on waterside walking .
this selection of valley [paths] concentrates on waterside walking .

The circuit takes 12 days in total and can be walked using high or low level routes .
the circuit takes 12 days in total and can be walked using high or low level [paths] .

Three long distance routes are being investigated by the Countryside Commission as potential National Trails .
three long distance [paths] are being investigated by the countryside commission as potential national trails .

The small hilly island of Gozo , just five miles from its sister island Malta , has a range of great walking routes to choose from . Donald Brown explores
the small hilly island of gozo , just five miles from its sister island malta , has a range of great walking [paths] to choose from . donald brown explores

The gradual replacement on ocean routes of sail by steam increased the volume of traffic faster than the number of ships ; steamships could make more journeys in the same time .
the gradual replacement on ocean [paths] of sail by steam increased the volume of traffic faster than the number of ships ; steamships could make more journeys in the same time .

Most of the towns were on or near the coast and they exploited their site advantages , capitalizing on their access to sea routes and on the fertile soils of their hinterlands .
most of the towns were on or near the coast and they exploited their site advantages , capitalizing on their access to sea [paths] and on the fertile soils of their hinterlands .

Even in the neolithic period , a skein of east-west trade routes was established across the Aegean .
even in the neolithic period , a skein of east-west trade [paths] was established across the aegean .

Andel and Runnels ( 1988 ) have identified three early trade routes : a northern route from Anatolia to Attica by way of Samos , Ikaria , Mikonos , Tinos and Kea , a central route running from Anatolia by way of the Cyclades to Argolis , and a southern route which went by way of Crete .
andel and runnels ( 1988 ) have identified three early trade [paths] : a northern route from anatolia to attica by way of samos , ikaria , mikonos , tinos and kea , a central route running from anatolia by way of the cyclades to argolis , and a southern route which went by way of crete .

Always she chose the most deserted routes .
always she chose the most deserted [paths] .

Reliable walking guidebooks cover many of the most popular continental routes .
reliable walking guidebooks cover many of the most popular continental [paths] .

Like most British national trails , many continental distance routes assume that walkers are travelling light and seeking a roof over their heads each night .
like most british national trails , many continental distance [paths] assume that walkers are travelling light and seeking a roof over their heads each night .

As a skyline links individual mountain peaks , so Greenbank brings together 45 classic routes from the Lake District , Scotland and Wales .
as a skyline links individual mountain peaks , so greenbank brings together 45 classic [paths] from the lake district , scotland and wales .

For those who do n't know it , the Haute Route runs from Chamonix to Zermatt in the Alps and is one of the best known routes in Europe .
for those who do n't know it , the haute route runs from chamonix to zermatt in the alps and is one of the best known [paths] in europe .

The company uses only qualified guides and chooses routes as objectively safe as possible .
the company uses only qualified guides and chooses [paths] as objectively safe as possible .

No , here a modicum of route-finding skill may be required , particularly if you choose to sample the routes described briefly below , for several must be located from the top .
no , here a modicum of route-finding skill may be required , particularly if you choose to sample the [paths] described briefly below , for several must be located from the top .

Never mind the trade routes of Stanage and Froggatt ; if you climb just the Eye of Faith and Moyer 's Buttress , your time at Gardom 's will be very well spent .
never mind the trade [paths] of stanage and froggatt ; if you climb just the eye of faith and moyer 's buttress , your time at gardom 's will be very well spent .

There are several described routes on it , but really they 're beside the point .
there are several described [paths] on it , but really they 're beside the point .

Descent : Routes on the left half of the cliff join a terrace which leads easily left to the broad descent rake known as Ledge Route ; those on the right lead to the top of the buttress and directly on to Ledge Route .
descent : [paths] on the left half of the cliff join a terrace which leads easily left to the broad descent rake known as ledge route ; those on the right lead to the top of the buttress and directly on to ledge route .

Routes here provide some of the best climbs at their standard in Britain ; Sassenach , Centurion , The Bat , Titan 's Wall , Agrippa — names that represent the essence of the great British climbing adventure .
[paths] here provide some of the best climbs at their standard in britain ; sassenach , centurion , the bat , titan 's wall , agrippa — names that represent the essence of the great british climbing adventure .

In the meantime Carn Dearg , one of Britain 's most important crags , now offers routes spanning a wide spectrum of difficulty .
in the meantime carn dearg , one of britain 's most important crags , now offers [paths] spanning a wide spectrum of difficulty .

One of the most popular routes in Pembroke — when the army , with their massively increased use of the Ranges allow access to it — is Jolly Sensible Arête .
one of the most popular [paths] in pembroke — when the army , with their massively increased use of the ranges allow access to it — is jolly sensible arête .

Descriptions told you where the routes went , not how hard they were .
descriptions told you where the [paths] went , not how hard they were .

Ironically Pembroke , the most recently developed area , where today new routes are tumbling out of the sky as fast as the climbers , has become the place where descriptions — starred pitches probably excluded — still offend mightily under the grade descriptions act .
ironically pembroke , the most recently developed area , where today new [paths] are tumbling out of the sky as fast as the climbers , has become the place where descriptions — starred pitches probably excluded — still offend mightily under the grade descriptions act .

Another layer that had to be pierced was the mystique that surrounded Rock and Ice routes .
another layer that had to be pierced was the mystique that surrounded rock and ice [paths] .

There was no way we would have dared attempt these routes had they sported their current designations then .
there was no way we would have dared attempt these [paths] had they sported their current designations then .

Many routes in Pembroke are undergraded .
many [paths] in pembroke are undergraded .

Away from the main Lakeland climbing centres of Borrowdale and Langdale there are many routes worthy of the attention of the modern mid-grade climber .
away from the main lakeland climbing centres of borrowdale and langdale there are many [paths] worthy of the attention of the modern mid-grade climber .

Luckily there are equally good routes on the walls to the side .
luckily there are equally good [paths] on the walls to the side .

It 's true that at times the many ledges give some discontinuity to the routes , but they also provide good stances .
it 's true that at times the many ledges give some discontinuity to the [paths] , but they also provide good stances .

So to the routes .
so to the [paths] .

Moving from east to west ( left to right ) , we start with The Shamrock , which has several excellent routes to interest us .
moving from east to west ( left to right ) , we start with the shamrock , which has several excellent [paths] to interest us .

The remaining routes are on the west faces of Lower and Upper Man .
the remaining [paths] are on the west faces of lower and upper man .

If the solitude and beauty of the area grabs you then these routes are just a taster of what the west has to offer , and no doubt you 'll return .
if the solitude and beauty of the area grabs you then these [paths] are just a taster of what the west has to offer , and no doubt you 'll return .

The months of July and August saw an increase in activity on the new routes front .
the months of july and august saw an increase in activity on the new [paths] front .

Apart from a string of excellent new routes there have been a number of alternative activities taking place on southern sandstone .
apart from a string of excellent new [paths] there have been a number of alternative activities taking place on southern sandstone .

Unfortunately , the day of the climb was dank and wet and only four climbers completed the 100 routes — the original aim of the day — yet many others put in a sterling effort to raise over £500 .
unfortunately , the day of the climb was dank and wet and only four climbers completed the 100 [paths] — the original aim of the day — yet many others put in a sterling effort to raise over £500 .

Electrification and The Cree are separate routes , despite some doubt expressed in the guide .
electrification and the cree are separate [paths] , despite some doubt expressed in the guide .

The number of people repeating hard routes ( F8a or harder ) is alarming .
the number of people repeating hard [paths] ( f8a or harder ) is alarming .

Looking at many of the crag diagrams , it 's hard to see where new routes can be fitted in .
looking at many of the crag diagrams , it 's hard to see where new [paths] can be fitted in .

One casualty is Gary Gibson 's string of new routes at Craig-y-Biceps .
one casualty is gary gibson 's string of new [paths] at craig-y-biceps .

It is arguable whether these routes are worthwhile , but it would be nice if everybody could judge this rather than some narrow-minded person not giving us the choice .
it is arguable whether these [paths] are worthwhile , but it would be nice if everybody could judge this rather than some narrow-minded person not giving us the choice .

As will those likely to enjoy stunning routes like Colin Downer 's clutch of E3s on Engineers Slabs .
as will those likely to enjoy stunning [paths] like colin downer 's clutch of e3s on engineers slabs .

There are a number of alternative routes to specialization :
there are a number of alternative [paths] to specialization :

Many students realised they had little hope of going abroad and sought instead other escape routes from their situation .
many students realised they had little hope of going abroad and sought instead other escape [paths] from their situation .

They take different routes but employ the same learning principles .
they take different [paths] but employ the same learning principles .

It may be fun , and on the harder routes it will certainly be physically demanding ; but it will lack adventure and risk ; will remove the judgement and skill required in the placement of protection ; will emasculate climbing of its quintessence .
it may be fun , and on the harder [paths] it will certainly be physically demanding ; but it will lack adventure and risk ; will remove the judgement and skill required in the placement of protection ; will emasculate climbing of its quintessence .

Mick ruefully admits to one small entanglement with a tractor on the snow-covered roads to Hartland , but undeterred collected other routes along the coast over the winter .
mick ruefully admits to one small entanglement with a tractor on the snow-covered roads to hartland , but undeterred collected other [paths] along the coast over the winter .

Mick 's also been typically busy in the Highlands this winter , climbing new routes with Dave Wills ( whom Mick describes as ‘ a lunatic New Zealander ’ , the highest form of Fowler accolade ) and others on Skye , Fuar Tholl and Mainreachan Buttress .
mick 's also been typically busy in the highlands this winter , climbing new [paths] with dave wills ( whom mick describes as ‘ a lunatic new zealander ’ , the highest form of fowler accolade ) and others on skye , fuar tholl and mainreachan buttress .

Who on earth climbs two routes on Cloggy in one day ?
who on earth climbs two [paths] on cloggy in one day ?

So you still see parties walking on glaciers unroped , or climbing easy routes in an endless series of laborious pitches .
so you still see parties walking on glaciers unroped , or climbing easy [paths] in an endless series of laborious pitches .

On harder alpine routes , the size of party is dictated by the difficulties of the pitched sections , and a team of two is appropriate .
on harder alpine [paths] , the size of party is dictated by the difficulties of the pitched sections , and a team of two is appropriate .

However , on easier routes or glacier tours , where a party moves solely by moving together , numbers can be safely increased .
however , on easier [paths] or glacier tours , where a party moves solely by moving together , numbers can be safely increased .

No doubt some bolt-protected routes have valuable qualities , but in general , particularly in the easier grades , they offer merely a form of fool 's gold .
no doubt some bolt-protected [paths] have valuable qualities , but in general , particularly in the easier grades , they offer merely a form of fool 's gold .

How could such predictable junk fare , however hard , be compared to the excitement of conquering Il Duce or Caveman , climbing the tremendous granite routes of Chair Ladder and Bosigran , embarking on any route at Carn Gowla , or even just soloing on the sensuous jug pulling of Sennen — all untamed and wonderfully sculptured cliffs , free from the canker of distracting metal .
how could such predictable junk fare , however hard , be compared to the excitement of conquering il duce or caveman , climbing the tremendous granite [paths] of chair ladder and bosigran , embarking on any route at carn gowla , or even just soloing on the sensuous jug pulling of sennen — all untamed and wonderfully sculptured cliffs , free from the canker of distracting metal .

Good climbs here are sufficiently thick on the ground to make the task of sorting out the best rather bewildering to the newcomer , but an acquaintance with the following three routes ought to leave little doubt just what Froggatt can offer , probing as they do into most areas of the gritstone experience found at the ‘ middle grades ’ .
good climbs here are sufficiently thick on the ground to make the task of sorting out the best rather bewildering to the newcomer , but an acquaintance with the following three [paths] ought to leave little doubt just what froggatt can offer , probing as they do into most areas of the gritstone experience found at the ‘ middle grades ’ .

Aonach Mor has rapidly gained popularity and routes are being repeated as well as created .
aonach mor has rapidly gained popularity and [paths] are being repeated as well as created .

With different teams competing for routes it 's difficult to know what 's new , but conditions have certainly been good this year .
with different teams competing for [paths] it 's difficult to know what 's new , but conditions have certainly been good this year .

The iced wall on Labyrinth Direct was unusually thick and had several ascents , as did the Hanging Garden routes .
the iced wall on labyrinth direct was unusually thick and had several ascents , as did the hanging garden [paths] .

Finally , let me end a long , but hopefully not tedious , list of routes with a real gem from Skye .
finally , let me end a long , but hopefully not tedious , list of [paths] with a real gem from skye .

Chris Forrest on the first winter ascent of Mariella , Coire an t-Sneachda : one of this season 's new routes ( photo Graeme Ettle ) .
chris forrest on the first winter ascent of mariella , coire an t-sneachda : one of this season 's new [paths] ( photo graeme ettle ) .

The particularly inclement spring weather this year has led to a continuing lack of dry rock and new routes , resulting in an exodus to warmer places , notably America .
the particularly inclement spring weather this year has led to a continuing lack of dry rock and new [paths] , resulting in an exodus to warmer places , notably america .

Ben and Mark Pretty , seems to have given those colonial chappies a good seeing to on their recent sojourn in Colorado , with numerous on-sight flashes of high grade routes .
ben and mark pretty , seems to have given those colonial chappies a good seeing to on their recent sojourn in colorado , with numerous on-sight flashes of high grade [paths] .

The book records this knowledge and aims to inform the skier of worthwhile ski areas , routes and runs .
the book records this knowledge and aims to inform the skier of worthwhile ski areas , [paths] and runs .

Perhaps not surprisingly , the vast majority of the 51 recorded routes are in the Central Highlands area , particularly in the central and eastern Cairngorms area .
perhaps not surprisingly , the vast majority of the 51 recorded [paths] are in the central highlands area , particularly in the central and eastern cairngorms area .

Steep routes , close to the road , sunshine , pleasant surroundings and generally good quality rock ; plus there 's a bit of adventure away from the crowds for those prepared to look for it .
steep [paths] , close to the road , sunshine , pleasant surroundings and generally good quality rock ; plus there 's a bit of adventure away from the crowds for those prepared to look for it .

Certainly there are 130 new routes on a number of good quality , though generally small , buttresses scattered here and there throughout the valley — but not a lot to take the breath away .
certainly there are 130 new [paths] on a number of good quality , though generally small , buttresses scattered here and there throughout the valley — but not a lot to take the breath away .

This occurred on several Riglos routes , where text and topo also differed as to the number of pitches ( Routes 2 , 9 and 14 are good examples ) .
this occurred on several riglos [paths] , where text and topo also differed as to the number of pitches ( [paths] 2 , 9 and 14 are good examples ) .

In this time it seems that all other areas of the Lakes have had a new guide , and some of them two . Perhaps there are so many new routes being done West Cumbria that the writers can not keep up ; or is it that other areas are more important to the committee ?
in this time it seems that all other areas of the lakes have had a new guide , and some of them two . perhaps there are so many new [paths] being done west cumbria that the writers can not keep up ; or is it that other areas are more important to the committee ?

Climbers in the South East have long recognised the sandstone outcrop at High Rocks as a mecca for hard routes and new lines .
climbers in the south east have long recognised the sandstone outcrop at high rocks as a mecca for hard [paths] and new lines .

The traditional routes to the Fannichs from the Ullapool road are now in danger of being blocked off by extensive crop forestry ploughing and ‘ deer fencing ’ .
the traditional [paths] to the fannichs from the ullapool road are now in danger of being blocked off by extensive crop forestry ploughing and ‘ deer fencing ’ .

The main objective of the trails was to assist the human in communication with the machine by removing the need to memorize backward and forward references , unsuccessful routes through the data-base , search terms used and the search and navigation strategy .
the main objective of the trails was to assist the human in communication with the machine by removing the need to memorize backward and forward references , unsuccessful [paths] through the data-base , search terms used and the search and navigation strategy .

The airline will run 13 former Dan Air short-haul routes from Gatwick , using 450 of its existing flight and cabin crew .
the airline will run 13 former dan air short-haul [paths] from gatwick , using 450 of its existing flight and cabin crew .

‘ Our supply routes and our infrastructure are intact .
‘ our supply [paths] and our infrastructure are intact .

Long distance coach travel was deregulated in 1979 and the results of competition were beneficial , in terms of reduced prices and a higher level of service on most routes .
long distance coach travel was deregulated in 1979 and the results of competition were beneficial , in terms of reduced prices and a higher level of service on most [paths] .

The effects have yet to be fully assessed , but there is some concern that , as bus companies are no longer allowed to engage in cross-subsidisation ( ie direct profits from profitable routes towards subsidising unprofitable ones ) , unprofitable routes and evening and weekend services may be forced to close .
the effects have yet to be fully assessed , but there is some concern that , as bus companies are no longer allowed to engage in cross-subsidisation ( ie direct profits from profitable [paths] towards subsidising unprofitable ones ) , unprofitable [paths] and evening and weekend services may be forced to close .

The Kewishs were on a rail tour over several routes not usually used by passenger trains .
the kewishs were on a rail tour over several [paths] not usually used by passenger trains .

Given the detail of the account recorded here , we can safely say that it is time to move on , to pursue other routes for harnessing fusion .
given the detail of the account recorded here , we can safely say that it is time to move on , to pursue other [paths] for harnessing fusion .

What had started with Jones as a search for muon catalysed fusion , then theory on piezonuclear fusion in his paper with van Sieclen and with Palmer as a puzzle about the gases emitting from volcanoes , was now turning into a search for entirely new routes to fusion .
what had started with jones as a search for muon catalysed fusion , then theory on piezonuclear fusion in his paper with van sieclen and with palmer as a puzzle about the gases emitting from volcanoes , was now turning into a search for entirely new [paths] to fusion .

Drivers face toll charges on major routes
drivers face toll charges on major [paths]

Drama series include Routes , a twice-weekly show about battling transport families , airline security thrills in Cleared For Takeoff and Head Over Heels with Jackie Morrison and Ian Embleton ( left ) .
drama series include [paths] , a twice-weekly show about battling transport families , airline security thrills in cleared for takeoff and head over heels with jackie morrison and ian embleton ( left ) .

It currently aims to run business-class passenger trains , with airline-style service , on selected long-distance routes .
it currently aims to run business-class passenger trains , with airline-style service , on selected long-distance [paths] .

The latest Class 158 two-car diesels for Regional Railways — rural and commuter routes outside London and the South East — do not come under £1.1m each .
the latest class 158 two-car diesels for regional railways — rural and commuter [paths] outside london and the south east — do not come under £1.1m each .

Cart transport survived both in direct competition on shorter routes and by taking goods to and from railway stations .
cart transport survived both in direct competition on shorter [paths] and by taking goods to and from railway stations .

Cattle transport routes were taken into account when the authorities decided where to open police stations , and efforts were made to enforce branding and voucher regulations .
cattle transport [paths] were taken into account when the authorities decided where to open police stations , and efforts were made to enforce branding and voucher regulations .

This is the conclusion which many , approaching by this or similar routes , have come to see as inevitable , after the successive failures to prove that principles of conduct can be grounded in the existence of God , or in Kant 's Categorical Imperative validated a priori like ‘ two and two make four ’ , or in the biological facts of evolution or the psychological facts of human needs .
this is the conclusion which many , approaching by this or similar [paths] , have come to see as inevitable , after the successive failures to prove that principles of conduct can be grounded in the existence of god , or in kant 's categorical imperative validated a priori like ‘ two and two make four ’ , or in the biological facts of evolution or the psychological facts of human needs .

Separated from these by three miles of Croydon Corporation track , were two more routes in the Urban District of Penge , and these were , in fact , the first part of the company 's system to be opened to traffic .
separated from these by three miles of croydon corporation track , were two more [paths] in the urban district of penge , and these were , in fact , the first part of the company 's system to be opened to traffic .

There was also a low railway bridge in Wallington and some very narrow streets and awkward corners in the old part of Croydon , where the Sutton and Mitcham routes were to meet .
there was also a low railway bridge in wallington and some very narrow streets and awkward corners in the old part of croydon , where the sutton and mitcham [paths] were to meet .

The two routes would cross at right-angles at Penge Police Station at the junction of Beckenham Road , Croydon Road and Green Lane .
the two [paths] would cross at right-angles at penge police station at the junction of beckenham road , croydon road and green lane .

There was disagreement with the Corporation as to whether the track in Tamworth Road , Croydon , common to the Mitcham and Sutton routes , should be connected with the Corporation rails on West Croydon Bridge .
there was disagreement with the corporation as to whether the track in tamworth road , croydon , common to the mitcham and sutton [paths] , should be connected with the corporation rails on west croydon bridge .

( Bus routes 12 and 75 . )
( bus [paths] 12 and 75 . )

The Bill authorizing the conversion of a number of tram routes to trolleybus operation received Royal Assent on 31 July .
the bill authorizing the conversion of a number of tram [paths] to trolleybus operation received royal assent on 31 july .

The conversion of tram routes to trolleybus operation continued in North and West London and London Transport set up its own team of experts to undertake the overhead wiring work , instead of letting it out to contract .
the conversion of tram [paths] to trolleybus operation continued in north and west london and london transport set up its own team of experts to undertake the overhead wiring work , instead of letting it out to contract .

They were able to work on all the routes allocated to that depôt , including 16/18 .
they were able to work on all the [paths] allocated to that depôt , including 16/18 .

As Thornton Heath depôt no longer had to supply cars for the Mitcham Road , it could take all the cars necessary for routes 16/18 and 42 and Purley depôt was closed .
as thornton heath depôt no longer had to supply cars for the mitcham road , it could take all the cars necessary for [paths] 16/18 and 42 and purley depôt was closed .

In the same month it was announced that the abandonment of the trams would take place over two years , in stages , by groups of routes working from West to East , so that Charlton Works and the nearby tram graveyard at Penhall Road could remain open until the last stage .
in the same month it was announced that the abandonment of the trams would take place over two years , in stages , by groups of [paths] working from west to east , so that charlton works and the nearby tram graveyard at penhall road could remain open until the last stage .

1 should go to Leeds , when the Croydon routes were abandoned .
1 should go to leeds , when the croydon [paths] were abandoned .

The second stage of the conversion scheme took place on the night of 6 January 1951 and involved routes serving Tooting and Wimbledon .
the second stage of the conversion scheme took place on the night of 6 january 1951 and involved [paths] serving tooting and wimbledon .

The 23 remaining ex-Croydon cars were soon put into service on the various routes based on New Cross depôt , but 396 had been a war casualty and 376 damaged beyond repair in an accident just after the war .
the 23 remaining ex-croydon cars were soon put into service on the various [paths] based on new cross depôt , but 396 had been a war casualty and 376 damaged beyond repair in an accident just after the war .

The trolleybuses on routes 630 and 654 continued to operate without change but in May 1952 , the Electricity Board closed Beckenham Sub-Station .
the trolleybuses on [paths] 630 and 654 continued to operate without change but in may 1952 , the electricity board closed beckenham sub-station .

Trolleybus routes 630 and 654 continued to operate unhindered and without modification until 1958 , when it was announced that as many of the vehicles were now over 25 years old ( including those on route 654 ) , they needed replacement and what better than the ‘ more flexible ’ motor bus .
trolleybus [paths] 630 and 654 continued to operate unhindered and without modification until 1958 , when it was announced that as many of the vehicles were now over 25 years old ( including those on route 654 ) , they needed replacement and what better than the ‘ more flexible ’ motor bus .

With the closure of tram routes in Croydon on 7 April 1951 , the Croydon E/1s were transferred to New Cross depôt , to work on routes in South East London and only the two war casualties 376 and 396 were missing .
with the closure of tram [paths] in croydon on 7 april 1951 , the croydon e/1s were transferred to new cross depôt , to work on [paths] in south east london and only the two war casualties 376 and 396 were missing .

‘ We have to keep costs to a minimum and one way to do that is to have driver-operated buses on some routes , ’ says Morag Petrie , press officer for London buses .
‘ we have to keep costs to a minimum and one way to do that is to have driver-operated buses on some [paths] , ’ says morag petrie , press officer for london buses .

Vary your daily routes to work etc , so you do n't pass bakers or sweet shops which trigger your cravings .
vary your daily [paths] to work etc , so you do n't pass bakers or sweet shops which trigger your cravings .

The new roads gave a fresh life to the old towns on their routes , with a considerable demand for labour , horses and fodder .
the new roads gave a fresh life to the old towns on their [paths] , with a considerable demand for labour , horses and fodder .

Railway routes for axe
railway [paths] for axe

The software then automatically routes the document to the next person in the process .
the software then automatically [paths] the document to the next person in the process .

We decided to ‘ reconcile the irreconcilable ’ by identifying three separate routes to qualification .
we decided to ‘ reconcile the irreconcilable ’ by identifying three separate [paths] to qualification .

Now the routes of the haaf men are traversed by huge oil tankers en route to and from the large oil port of Sullom Voe .
now the [paths] of the haaf men are traversed by huge oil tankers en route to and from the large oil port of sullom voe .

He had set out to try and find a passage to the Orient round the north of Asia in the hope that this would rid the merchant ships of the scourge of pirates who were terrorising the southern trade routes .
he had set out to try and find a passage to the orient round the north of asia in the hope that this would rid the merchant ships of the scourge of pirates who were terrorising the southern trade [paths] .

There had been severe westerly gales a few days before , and these skuas had probably been displaced off their normal migration routes by the storm .
there had been severe westerly gales a few days before , and these skuas had probably been displaced off their normal migration [paths] by the storm .

Most routes will now be franchised to a single operator , which will bid for a monopoly on each one .
most [paths] will now be franchised to a single operator , which will bid for a monopoly on each one .

This helps the cancers form and maintain the blood vessels that nourish them , and which provide them with the routes through which they spread .
this helps the cancers form and maintain the blood vessels that nourish them , and which provide them with the [paths] through which they spread .

Solid and secret behind a high stone wall it remains a world apart from the crawling traffic which skirts it on the routes out of town .
solid and secret behind a high stone wall it remains a world apart from the crawling traffic which skirts it on the [paths] out of town .

There were many routes from Earth to the Reconciled Dominions , some safer than others , but all used at one time or another , and not always by magicians .
there were many [paths] from earth to the reconciled dominions , some safer than others , but all used at one time or another , and not always by magicians .

No , there had always been routes through from Earth into the Dominions , other than that at the Retreat .
no , there had always been [paths] through from earth into the dominions , other than that at the retreat .

He has taken a reconstruction of a Bronze Age galley along the coasts of the Aegean and the Black Sea in search of the routes used by Ulysses and by Jason and the Argonauts .
he has taken a reconstruction of a bronze age galley along the coasts of the aegean and the black sea in search of the [paths] used by ulysses and by jason and the argonauts .

They know that the social services they will get in California are far better than those in Texas , and plan their routes accordingly .
they know that the social services they will get in california are far better than those in texas , and plan their [paths] accordingly .

Nonetheless , he says , it will always need subsidy , as only four of its routes are profitable : the crossing of the river Clyde between Gourock and Dunoon ( where privately owned Western Ferries provides muscular competition ) ; and the services linking Ullapool with Lewis , Oban with Mull , and Kyle of Lochalsh with Skye ( which CalMac will lose in 1995 , when a new bridge will be ready ) .
nonetheless , he says , it will always need subsidy , as only four of its [paths] are profitable : the crossing of the river clyde between gourock and dunoon ( where privately owned western ferries provides muscular competition ) ; and the services linking ullapool with lewis , oban with mull , and kyle of lochalsh with skye ( which calmac will lose in 1995 , when a new bridge will be ready ) .

With the profits from these routes , CalMac covers most of the cost of the other services , some of which — like the year-round crossing to Canna ( 12 inhabitants ) — seem hardly attractive to private operators .
with the profits from these [paths] , calmac covers most of the cost of the other services , some of which — like the year-round crossing to canna ( 12 inhabitants ) — seem hardly attractive to private operators .

Routes into permanence
[paths] into permanence

Thus , the routes to achieving permanence are numerous .
thus , the [paths] to achieving permanence are numerous .

The eight routes can each be with or without contact with natural parents or siblings placed elsewhere , making sixteen routes in all .
the eight [paths] can each be with or without contact with natural parents or siblings placed elsewhere , making sixteen [paths] in all .

So how does one decide which of these routes would be appropriate for which child ?
so how does one decide which of these [paths] would be appropriate for which child ?

Regarding work with the children and the new families , my plea for a more sophisticated approach in assessing the needs of children and finding the appropriate routes to permanent placement for each child leads me to the conclusion that the nature of the social work service to each child and family must vary according to their needs and their wishes .
regarding work with the children and the new families , my plea for a more sophisticated approach in assessing the needs of children and finding the appropriate [paths] to permanent placement for each child leads me to the conclusion that the nature of the social work service to each child and family must vary according to their needs and their wishes .

The aim with 78018 is to use her on the former Stockton and Darlington , Stanhope and Tyne Wear Valley routes which are used for summer Sunday pacer trains and cement traffic to Blue Circle 's Eastgate Cement Works the current limit of the line .
the aim with 78018 is to use her on the former stockton and darlington , stanhope and tyne wear valley [paths] which are used for summer sunday pacer trains and cement traffic to blue circle 's eastgate cement works the current limit of the line .

What is the present position with the proposed series of steam operations out of the old Southern Railway termini ? Talking to the locomotive owners and train organisers direct , as far as can be ascertained , the following trains have been agreed and authorised although not all of the departure times and routes have been fully confirmed .
what is the present position with the proposed series of steam operations out of the old southern railway termini ? talking to the locomotive owners and train organisers direct , as far as can be ascertained , the following trains have been agreed and authorised although not all of the departure times and [paths] have been fully confirmed .

For his first work on a standard-gauge railway Boyd has remained in that favoured territory , North Wales , and almost fittingly he has chosen one of the Principality 's less well known routes .
for his first work on a standard-gauge railway boyd has remained in that favoured territory , north wales , and almost fittingly he has chosen one of the principality 's less well known [paths] .

Then there is a vertical top-roping wall with colour coded routes and top-ropes permanently in position .
then there is a vertical top-roping wall with colour coded [paths] and top-ropes permanently in position .

Routes vary in grade from E1-sh , to E-impossible and the numerous bolt-on holds allow for regular route changing .
[paths] vary in grade from e1-sh , to e-impossible and the numerous bolt-on holds allow for regular route changing .

All the leading routes feature captive quick draws , so all you need to bring is your own rope .
all the leading [paths] feature captive quick draws , so all you need to bring is your own rope .

‘ If there 's a protected species of plant at the top of relatively new routes which happen to be of good quality , then we 've got a really complex problem to manage , ’ Bill Wright commented , ‘ but if it 's just cotton grass , then the damage done by agricultural pesticides is probably much greater . ’
‘ if there 's a protected species of plant at the top of relatively new [paths] which happen to be of good quality , then we 've got a really complex problem to manage , ’ bill wright commented , ‘ but if it 's just cotton grass , then the damage done by agricultural pesticides is probably much greater . ’

Edwards has heavily cleaned , prepared and climbed a number of new routes in the area in the last ten years .
edwards has heavily cleaned , prepared and climbed a number of new [paths] in the area in the last ten years .

Speaking at the annual general meeting of the British Association of Mountain Guides at the Ulswater Hotel , Collister lamented the way guides in the alps had over equipped routes for their own convenience at the expense of the clients share in the adventure .
speaking at the annual general meeting of the british association of mountain guides at the ulswater hotel , collister lamented the way guides in the alps had over equipped [paths] for their own convenience at the expense of the clients share in the adventure .

‘ It is the question of guides overbolting routes for their own convenience , and the extensive use of radios .
‘ it is the question of guides overbolting [paths] for their own convenience , and the extensive use of radios .

Mark Pretty , Chris Plant , Sean Myles , yours truly and the chief route setter Chris Gore had to work until 4.30 am next morning to finish off the routes for the day 's play .
mark pretty , chris plant , sean myles , yours truly and the chief route setter chris gore had to work until 4.30 am next morning to finish off the [paths] for the day 's play .

Three women flashed the route : Isabelle Patissier , Susi Good and Robyn Erbesfield , all three of whom had also topped out on the previous two routes .
three women flashed the route : isabelle patissier , susi good and robyn erbesfield , all three of whom had also topped out on the previous two [paths] .

The other configurations of front points are generally found on crampons better suited to pure snow and ice routes .
the other configurations of front points are generally found on crampons better suited to pure snow and ice [paths] .

There are few modern mixed routes here — the crags are just a bit too clean for good buttress climbing with its reliance on frozen turf and heather .
there are few modern mixed [paths] here — the crags are just a bit too clean for good buttress climbing with its reliance on frozen turf and heather .

‘ It has rock so easy for initial routes that every time you reach up there 's a hold .
‘ it has rock so easy for initial [paths] that every time you reach up there 's a hold .

What Chris Bonington has achieved in terms of single-minded organisation and drive , or what Reinhold Messner has demonstrated by his speed and panache , have been matched by Doug Scott 's determination always to try for something different and never to be satisfied by the more obvious and easier routes to success .
what chris bonington has achieved in terms of single-minded organisation and drive , or what reinhold messner has demonstrated by his speed and panache , have been matched by doug scott 's determination always to try for something different and never to be satisfied by the more obvious and easier [paths] to success .

We were privileged just to be here ; to have attempted two new routes from this valley ; to have explored this unvisited glacier ; to have done all this with just one other person : a friend , a tent and a rope .
we were privileged just to be here ; to have attempted two new [paths] from this valley ; to have explored this unvisited glacier ; to have done all this with just one other person : a friend , a tent and a rope .

The rock is a unique form of conglomerate , so warming up on a few practice routes was needed to get a feel for it .
the rock is a unique form of conglomerate , so warming up on a few practice [paths] was needed to get a feel for it .

Espero Fray Gary is one of the infamous ‘ bolt a metre ’ areas with short routes taking about 10 minutes to lead .
espero fray gary is one of the infamous ‘ bolt a metre ’ areas with short [paths] taking about 10 minutes to lead .

Most of the rock has bolted routes and my mind boggled at the potential .
most of the rock has bolted [paths] and my mind boggled at the potential .

The initial pitches gave easy climbing up the low angled base , but as usual with routes having ( F6a ) and ( F6b ) moves , there were only two or three bolts a long way apart .
the initial pitches gave easy climbing up the low angled base , but as usual with [paths] having ( f6a ) and ( f6b ) moves , there were only two or three bolts a long way apart .

Andy Nisbet suggested an open-ended grading system several years ago , and more recently Rab Anderson ( after an original idea by Al Rouse ) proposed grading winter routes pitch by pitch .
andy nisbet suggested an open-ended grading system several years ago , and more recently rab anderson ( after an original idea by al rouse ) proposed grading winter [paths] pitch by pitch .

Devising a system that is applicable to Ben Nevis style ice routes and Cairngorm mixed routes is difficult , but this is one of the advantages of the proposed two-tier grade .
devising a system that is applicable to ben nevis style ice [paths] and cairngorm mixed [paths] is difficult , but this is one of the advantages of the proposed two-tier grade .

For example , consider two established ‘ big name ’ routes from each area .
for example , consider two established ‘ big name ’ [paths] from each area .

Others are concerned that the two-tier grades are biased towards technical and safe mixed routes , and the seriousness of ice routes has not been properly addressed .
others are concerned that the two-tier grades are biased towards technical and safe mixed [paths] , and the seriousness of ice [paths] has not been properly addressed .

As a trial , two-tier grades for selected routes will be published as an appendix in the forthcoming Glen Coe guide which should be published in the spring .
as a trial , two-tier grades for selected [paths] will be published as an appendix in the forthcoming glen coe guide which should be published in the spring .

No doubt this will provide much heated debate for the pub ; but the real test will be if the system is accepted by those climbing new routes in the future .
no doubt this will provide much heated debate for the pub ; but the real test will be if the system is accepted by those climbing new [paths] in the future .

With a few exceptions , 1991 was n't a particularly memorable year in the Peak with the majority of the year 's crop of new routes being mediocre or insignificant .
with a few exceptions , 1991 was n't a particularly memorable year in the peak with the majority of the year 's crop of new [paths] being mediocre or insignificant .

The two routes that do stand out are Seb Grieves ' Clippety Clop , Clippety Clop at Ramshaw and Sean Myles ' Captain Invincible in the Burbage Quarries .
the two [paths] that do stand out are seb grieves ' clippety clop , clippety clop at ramshaw and sean myles ' captain invincible in the burbage quarries .

In West Penwith the new forcing ground appears to be the grossly overhanging slate mass of Carn Vellan , where Mark Edwards has produced two out and out sports routes .
in west penwith the new forcing ground appears to be the grossly overhanging slate mass of carn vellan , where mark edwards has produced two out and out sports [paths] .

One of Mark 's routes is Bridge of Sies at the Spanish grade of 7c .
one of mark 's [paths] is bridge of sies at the spanish grade of 7c .

Also at Carn Vellan , Rowland Edwards has put up two routes in a more traditional vein , both un-named .
also at carn vellan , rowland edwards has put up two [paths] in a more traditional vein , both un-named .

Who says climbing in Cornwall is no longer adventurous ? Rockfall has again altered the starts to routes in the Gullible/Mitre area at Chair Ladder .
who says climbing in cornwall is no longer adventurous ? rockfall has again altered the starts to [paths] in the gullible/mitre area at chair ladder .

Now this kind of behaviour often ends up in a fierce debate about guidebook descriptions and grades of the participants ' favourite routes .
now this kind of behaviour often ends up in a fierce debate about guidebook descriptions and grades of the participants ' favourite [paths] .

This will feature the important information concerning which of the routes are still climbable under the current agreement with the owners of Pen Trwyn .
this will feature the important information concerning which of the [paths] are still climbable under the current agreement with the owners of pen trwyn .

Opana kept an eye on the returning aircraft in spite of the devious routes they flew back to the carriers .
opana kept an eye on the returning aircraft in spite of the devious [paths] they flew back to the carriers .

Quakers , evangelicals and Rational Dissenters could reach a similar commitment by their own intellectual and theological routes and understand it as having somewhat different implications for desirable social and political arrangements .
quakers , evangelicals and rational dissenters could reach a similar commitment by their own intellectual and theological [paths] and understand it as having somewhat different implications for desirable social and political arrangements .

The different bodies mentioned in chapter 3 followed different routes to the objective of a free-labour world .
the different bodies mentioned in chapter 3 followed different [paths] to the objective of a free-labour world .

Do n't be tempted to skimp on quality in living rooms , which get the most wear and tend to develop distinct traffic routes between the furniture .
do n't be tempted to skimp on quality in living rooms , which get the most wear and tend to develop distinct traffic [paths] between the furniture .

Since fires often start at night , and most homes only have one flight of stairs , which may well be unusable , it pays to work out in advance possible escape routes from upstairs windows — ideally one leading on to a flat roof , otherwise one with a flowerbed or grass below , rather than a hard surface .
since fires often start at night , and most homes only have one flight of stairs , which may well be unusable , it pays to work out in advance possible escape [paths] from upstairs windows — ideally one leading on to a flat roof , otherwise one with a flowerbed or grass below , rather than a hard surface .

Obviously , when sport offers itself as one of the few accessible routes away from deprivation , as it was to the early slaves , it takes on an attractive quality .
obviously , when sport offers itself as one of the few accessible [paths] away from deprivation , as it was to the early slaves , it takes on an attractive quality .

The professions , the civil service , the academic world and commerce are amongst the other routes , but travel along these requires two qualifications : an educational achievement motivation and a career orientation .
the professions , the civil service , the academic world and commerce are amongst the other [paths] , but travel along these requires two qualifications : an educational achievement motivation and a career orientation .

Figure 16.1 indicates a number of possible routes to ego-identity achievements .
figure 16.1 indicates a number of possible [paths] to ego-identity achievements .

Scheer had three possible routes through German minefields to his harbours and safety ; he elected to take the shortest , via the Horn Reefs , since most of his ships were slower than those of the British .
scheer had three possible [paths] through german minefields to his harbours and safety ; he elected to take the shortest , via the horn reefs , since most of his ships were slower than those of the british .

It led nowhere , but cut across many normal routes of communication within the city .
it led nowhere , but cut across many normal [paths] of communication within the city .

Willersley Castle Crag offers steep , sheltered limestone , with the possibility of all-weather climbing . Chris Craggs climbs some of the classic routes on its walls and grooves
willersley castle crag offers steep , sheltered limestone , with the possibility of all-weather climbing . chris craggs climbs some of the classic [paths] on its walls and grooves

The rock runs the whole gamut , from superb pocketed limestone right through to tottering black bulges , though fortunately all the best routes studiously avoid the latter .
the rock runs the whole gamut , from superb pocketed limestone right through to tottering black bulges , though fortunately all the best [paths] studiously avoid the latter .

The folks in the big house across the river might be able to sit in the afternoon sun , but after a dray cracking of routes like these you 'll be the one left with the afterglow .
the folks in the big house across the river might be able to sit in the afternoon sun , but after a dray cracking of [paths] like these you 'll be the one left with the afterglow .

However , routes on the Seaward Cliff and the bottom pitch ( which can be avoided ) of Bosigran Ridge are vulnerable when heavy seas are running — keep off in these conditions .
however , [paths] on the seaward cliff and the bottom pitch ( which can be avoided ) of bosigran ridge are vulnerable when heavy seas are running — keep off in these conditions .

No nuts , camming devices or chalk are allowed , although the latter is now acceptable on the hardest routes .
no nuts , camming devices or chalk are allowed , although the latter is now acceptable on the hardest [paths] .

Rokoko ( Rococo Tower ) has steep , pocketed and frequently to — roped routes on its front face .
rokoko ( rococo tower ) has steep , pocketed and frequently to — roped [paths] on its front face .

If time permits , a detour is well worth the effort to sample , or just look at , some of the finest gritstone routes in the area .
if time permits , a detour is well worth the effort to sample , or just look at , some of the finest gritstone [paths] in the area .

Given the rate at which parts of the crag seem to tumble down the hillside , including some famous classic routes , you ought to make the effort sooner rather than later , before any more lines disappear .
given the rate at which parts of the crag seem to tumble down the hillside , including some famous classic [paths] , you ought to make the effort sooner rather than later , before any more lines disappear .

Brilliant weather from the end of May through into June , particularly on the west coast , saw hordes of climbers up on the big mountain routes , particularly on Ben Nevis .
brilliant weather from the end of may through into june , particularly on the west coast , saw hordes of climbers up on the big mountain [paths] , particularly on ben nevis .

There was three-lane traffic up Titan 's Wall , Agrippa and King Kong — but buttress 's three Extreme Rock routes — with Agrippa getting a hammering , with three ascents in one day !
there was three-lane traffic up titan 's wall , agrippa and king kong — but buttress 's three extreme rock [paths] — with agrippa getting a hammering , with three ascents in one day !

Taking advantage of the good weather and the amazing lack of activity since his last blitz , Andy Nisbet returned to the quartzite and sandstone cliffs of Coire Mhic Fhearchair on Beinn Eighe adding another ten routes with various partners ( more details next mont ) .
taking advantage of the good weather and the amazing lack of activity since his last blitz , andy nisbet returned to the quartzite and sandstone cliffs of coire mhic fhearchair on beinn eighe adding another ten [paths] with various partners ( more details next mont ) .

With a wet spring giving way to brilliant dry weather many of the mountain crags have been receiving attention , both in terms of new routes and repeats of less frequented or unrepeated lines .
with a wet spring giving way to brilliant dry weather many of the mountain crags have been receiving attention , both in terms of new [paths] and repeats of less frequented or unrepeated lines .

On routes where natural protection is absent or is inadequate for the repeated falls that sport routes necessitate .
on [paths] where natural protection is absent or is inadequate for the repeated falls that sport [paths] necessitate .

Niklaus is 32 , although he looks no more than 20 , and so talked with gentle mockery about the influence of French climbing on his younger compatriots before announcing with some pride that there will be 1200 routes in the forthcoming Stockholm guide .
niklaus is 32 , although he looks no more than 20 , and so talked with gentle mockery about the influence of french climbing on his younger compatriots before announcing with some pride that there will be 1200 [paths] in the forthcoming stockholm guide .

Having said that , the book deals with the ten roughly parallel valleys that cut deep into the range from the north , with details of no less than 115 hiking routes .
having said that , the book deals with the ten roughly parallel valleys that cut deep into the range from the north , with details of no less than 115 hiking [paths] .

Graded on a scale of one to three , some routes are suitable for gentle family outings while others cross high passes , reach mountain huts and occasionally venture onto easy glaciers .
graded on a scale of one to three , some [paths] are suitable for gentle family outings while others cross high passes , reach mountain huts and occasionally venture onto easy glaciers .

Ben seems to forget that he is not the only one in the world to be making progress , that it is not just the routes he puts up which are the difficult ones , and that he is n't the best climber there is .
ben seems to forget that he is not the only one in the world to be making progress , that it is not just the [paths] he puts up which are the difficult ones , and that he is n't the best climber there is .

The police were given the power to ban marches or alter their routes if in the opinion of the authorities they were likely to cause a breach of the peace .
the police were given the power to ban marches or alter their [paths] if in the opinion of the authorities they were likely to cause a breach of the peace .

It depends on the simple and indisputable fact that ideas and cultural artefacts travel , hopping from continent to continent and distributing themselves about the world in the wake of migrations and along trade routes .
it depends on the simple and indisputable fact that ideas and cultural artefacts travel , hopping from continent to continent and distributing themselves about the world in the wake of migrations and along trade [paths] .

This of course is what inspired Thor Heyerdahl 's dramatic Kon-Tiki expedition in which he sailed on a raft from South America to Polynesia , thus hoping to prove that he was following in the wake of ancient migration routes which could explain the cultural similarities he found between the two culture areas .
this of course is what inspired thor heyerdahl 's dramatic kon-tiki expedition in which he sailed on a raft from south america to polynesia , thus hoping to prove that he was following in the wake of ancient migration [paths] which could explain the cultural similarities he found between the two culture areas .

Just imagine what a seven foot gauge ‘ King ’ or ‘ Castle ’ , built out to the full loading gauge , could have achieved or what speeds modern diesel and electric seven foot trains might attain ! It certainly would have straightened out a lot of Brunel 's more tortuous routes !
just imagine what a seven foot gauge ‘ king ’ or ‘ castle ’ , built out to the full loading gauge , could have achieved or what speeds modern diesel and electric seven foot trains might attain ! it certainly would have straightened out a lot of brunel 's more tortuous [paths] !

The story is told through the eyes of the crews who man the engines and it is an interesting way of conducting you over one of Britain 's most interesting and picturesque routes .
the story is told through the eyes of the crews who man the engines and it is an interesting way of conducting you over one of britain 's most interesting and picturesque [paths] .

The ascent of Suilven is the grandest expedition available from Lochinver and is a challenge to both mountaineers and experienced hillwalkers for whom there are only two possible routes of ascent , one on the north flank and the other on the south .
the ascent of suilven is the grandest expedition available from lochinver and is a challenge to both mountaineers and experienced hillwalkers for whom there are only two possible [paths] of ascent , one on the north flank and the other on the south .

To say the Pacific is criss-crossed is , perhaps , too strong — the Atlantic has a number of routes that cross each other , and its Jepperson high-altitude charts are so filled with intersecting lines that to an untutored eye , they resemble the early stages of weaving .
to say the pacific is criss-crossed is , perhaps , too strong — the atlantic has a number of [paths] that cross each other , and its jepperson high-altitude charts are so filled with intersecting lines that to an untutored eye , they resemble the early stages of weaving .

In contrast the Pacific , being so huge , and travelled across by aircraft that tend ( at least for now ) to fly principally between East and West and back again , manages to contain its major routes within a few distinct bands .
in contrast the pacific , being so huge , and travelled across by aircraft that tend ( at least for now ) to fly principally between east and west and back again , manages to contain its major [paths] within a few distinct bands .

These routes , known as ATSs , or Air Traffic Separation routes , are designated Red 220 , Red 580 , Amber 590 , Red 591 and Green 344 , and they carry the bulk of traffic across the Ocean .
these [paths] , known as atss , or air traffic separation [paths] , are designated red 220 , red 580 , amber 590 , red 591 and green 344 , and they carry the bulk of traffic across the ocean .

European colonizers have left their marks all over the central Pacific — in the name of protecting sea-lanes , submarine cable routes , or the native peoples themselves .
european colonizers have left their marks all over the central pacific — in the name of protecting sea-lanes , submarine cable [paths] , or the native peoples themselves .

In their factory , so essential to the prosperity of Trazior — to its trade and supply routes forever preyed on by vicious nomads — the Valences lived their whole lives , many of them adapted by surgery to their specialised tasks .
in their factory , so essential to the prosperity of trazior — to its trade and supply [paths] forever preyed on by vicious nomads — the valences lived their whole lives , many of them adapted by surgery to their specialised tasks .

Indeed , let that be your percept : the hot blood gushes forth , yet instantly the Marine is firm as stone in his intellectus — aye , and spry as quicksilver which can flood through a maze of branching routes in a trice , illuminating all possibilities !
indeed , let that be your percept : the hot blood gushes forth , yet instantly the marine is firm as stone in his intellectus — aye , and spry as quicksilver which can flood through a maze of branching [paths] in a trice , illuminating all possibilities !

Parts of the city which were more heedful had recessed into themselves , clearing great arena-spaces — although contracted routes through the internal organs of those zones were still negotiable .
parts of the city which were more heedful had recessed into themselves , clearing great arena-spaces — although contracted [paths] through the internal organs of those zones were still negotiable .

The three ‘ exit routes ’ from the Special Hospitals , at least for those who do not die there , should be via the Regional Secure Units , local psychiatric hospitals or directly into hostels or flats , usually under some form of supervision .
the three ‘ exit [paths] ’ from the special hospitals , at least for those who do not die there , should be via the regional secure units , local psychiatric hospitals or directly into hostels or flats , usually under some form of supervision .

The formation of an anti-Western government in Iran after the fall of the Shah , the increasingly explicit Marxist-Leninist orientation of the People 's Democratic Republic of Yemen and Soviet involvement in the Horn of Africa , together with the build-up of the Soviet fleet in the Indian Ocean , seemed to offer convincing evidence of a wide-ranging and effective Soviet strategy directed against vital Western interests , not least the supply of oil and the security of major shipping routes .
the formation of an anti-western government in iran after the fall of the shah , the increasingly explicit marxist-leninist orientation of the people 's democratic republic of yemen and soviet involvement in the horn of africa , together with the build-up of the soviet fleet in the indian ocean , seemed to offer convincing evidence of a wide-ranging and effective soviet strategy directed against vital western interests , not least the supply of oil and the security of major shipping [paths] .

He had inherited an oil company in port of Spain from his father , and had also branched out into the airline business , owning and operating several profitable inter-island routes .
he had inherited an oil company in port of spain from his father , and had also branched out into the airline business , owning and operating several profitable inter-island [paths] .

As Table 6.1 b shows , however , bus journeys have been in rapid decline , and as a consequence ‘ many rural bus services have been reduced severely in frequency and part routes and whole routes have been withdrawn ’ ( Knowles , 1978 , 668 ) .
as table 6.1 b shows , however , bus journeys have been in rapid decline , and as a consequence ‘ many rural bus services have been reduced severely in frequency and part [paths] and whole [paths] have been withdrawn ’ ( knowles , 1978 , 668 ) .

In some of the most active maritime routes , such as in the North Atlantic and Baltic , the ocean bill has been largely replaced by sea waybills which are receipts of shipment and which can act as documents of title where the applicable law allows such a function .
in some of the most active maritime [paths] , such as in the north atlantic and baltic , the ocean bill has been largely replaced by sea waybills which are receipts of shipment and which can act as documents of title where the applicable law allows such a function .

By the end of the 1960s the motorway network had linked up most of the commuting areas between the major conurbations and the in-filling of commuter villages between such radial transport routes had virtually been completed .
by the end of the 1960s the motorway network had linked up most of the commuting areas between the major conurbations and the in-filling of commuter villages between such radial transport [paths] had virtually been completed .

Policy is not consistent at different stages of education ; there is , for example , no clearly defined national policy for pre-school education ( widely recognised as being the most crucial stage for deaf children ) , and further and adult continuing education appear to be viewed in terms of direct provision of training and qualifications ( Department of Education and Science , 1991 ) rather than as routes into training and qualifications from the policy perspective .
policy is not consistent at different stages of education ; there is , for example , no clearly defined national policy for pre-school education ( widely recognised as being the most crucial stage for deaf children ) , and further and adult continuing education appear to be viewed in terms of direct provision of training and qualifications ( department of education and science , 1991 ) rather than as [paths] into training and qualifications from the policy perspective .

’ And just for a few minutes she savoured the circuitous routes of pleasure .
’ and just for a few minutes she savoured the circuitous [paths] of pleasure .

Traditionally , some occupations such as accountancy and engineering have had non-graduate entry routes , through on-the-job or technician education , though the general drift is towards all-graduate professions .
traditionally , some occupations such as accountancy and engineering have had non-graduate entry [paths] , through on-the-job or technician education , though the general drift is towards all-graduate professions .

One of the problems the European traders encountered early on in their attempt to develop longer trade routes , was that peoples in South-East Asia who produced spices highly regarded in Europe did not , for their part , show any great desire for European products .
one of the problems the european traders encountered early on in their attempt to develop longer trade [paths] , was that peoples in south-east asia who produced spices highly regarded in europe did not , for their part , show any great desire for european products .

These four diagrams can only represent a simplified overview ; in practice accountability relationships exist via a variety of direct and indirect routes .
these four diagrams can only represent a simplified overview ; in practice accountability relationships exist via a variety of direct and indirect [paths] .

One was configuration — that is , the right size with the right payload from the routes on which a jet would give an airline the greatest advantage .
one was configuration — that is , the right size with the right payload from the [paths] on which a jet would give an airline the greatest advantage .

This is a major reason for the commitment in the job to thorough knowledge of the topography and geography of the district — the watercourse routes , the sites of potential pollution , and the location of sewage treatment works .
this is a major reason for the commitment in the job to thorough knowledge of the topography and geography of the district — the watercourse [paths] , the sites of potential pollution , and the location of sewage treatment works .

Deviations from ancient routes appeared at an early date .
deviations from ancient [paths] appeared at an early date .

Deddington is indeed a failed town which was founded probably a little before 1190 presumably because of its situation at the junction of what by then were important routes .
deddington is indeed a failed town which was founded probably a little before 1190 presumably because of its situation at the junction of what by then were important [paths] .

For the most part they took over existing routes , though in the hillier parts of the country they were responsible for the making of entirely new stretches of road where the older roads tackled gradients suitable only for foot-passengers and pack-horses .
for the most part they took over existing [paths] , though in the hillier parts of the country they were responsible for the making of entirely new stretches of road where the older roads tackled gradients suitable only for foot-passengers and pack-horses .

And a short way off the main road leading from Saint-Jean to Saint-Palais , past Ostabat , where the pilgrim routes long ago converged but which today is nothing , is the hamlet — it is hardly even that — of Harambels .
and a short way off the main road leading from saint-jean to saint-palais , past ostabat , where the pilgrim [paths] long ago converged but which today is nothing , is the hamlet — it is hardly even that — of harambels .

The psychoanalytic historical investigations of Gilman ( 1985 , 1987 ) and Bhabha ( 1983 , 1986 ) provide contrasting routes into this terrain , while the theoretical historical and educational work of Philip Cohen , already referred to constitutes the most significant intervention around antiracist education informed by both psychoanalytic and sociological understanding .
the psychoanalytic historical investigations of gilman ( 1985 , 1987 ) and bhabha ( 1983 , 1986 ) provide contrasting [paths] into this terrain , while the theoretical historical and educational work of philip cohen , already referred to constitutes the most significant intervention around antiracist education informed by both psychoanalytic and sociological understanding .

With there often being many routes to approximately similar goals , there would appear to be little to be gained from studying these developing routes through the design process , However , the constraints and objectives set on the way are seen to `` steer `` the designers towards similar goals by differing paths .
with there often being many [paths] to approximately similar goals , there would appear to be little to be gained from studying these developing [paths] through the design process , however , the constraints and objectives set on the way are seen to `` steer `` the designers towards similar goals by differing paths .

This details the acceptable forms of the linking that can take place by a set of pointers relating elements and routes through the structure .
this details the acceptable forms of the linking that can take place by a set of pointers relating elements and [paths] through the structure .

Exotic substances began arriving in medieval Venice , brought through overland trading routes and via Arab mariners across the Indian Ocean .
exotic substances began arriving in medieval venice , brought through overland trading [paths] and via arab mariners across the indian ocean .

The Age of Discovery was launched by our greedy desire to bypass the traditional trading routes and find the source of spices for ourselves .
the age of discovery was launched by our greedy desire to bypass the traditional trading [paths] and find the source of spices for ourselves .

More distressingly , we discovered that the Aru islands and the Greater Bird of Paradise were no longer on their trading routes and that for the last twenty years they had been pursuing the shorter and more profitable triangular passage between Celebes , Java and Borneo .
more distressingly , we discovered that the aru islands and the greater bird of paradise were no longer on their trading [paths] and that for the last twenty years they had been pursuing the shorter and more profitable triangular passage between celebes , java and borneo .

They like easy trading routes now and they have forgotten old navigation ways .
they like easy trading [paths] now and they have forgotten old navigation ways .

Rats and mice leave trails along well-travelled routes by smearing secretions from glands on their body along the ground .
rats and mice leave trails along well-travelled [paths] by smearing secretions from glands on their body along the ground .

They were to he not only the routes to culture and the intellect but the means to romance and sort of sex .
they were to he not only the [paths] to culture and the intellect but the means to romance and sort of sex .

Our teachers were the nearest guides because they had travelled these routes before us ( though of course we would n't teach ) .
our teachers were the nearest guides because they had travelled these [paths] before us ( though of course we would n't teach ) .

Situated at a crossroads for the colonization , trade and post routes , with good arable , pasture and fishing facilities , Irkutsk became a major centre in which the various strands of Russia 's colonization came together .
situated at a crossroads for the colonization , trade and post [paths] , with good arable , pasture and fishing facilities , irkutsk became a major centre in which the various strands of russia 's colonization came together .

Instead they penetrated along river routes , fortifying strategic points such as confluences and portages from one river system to another .
instead they penetrated along river [paths] , fortifying strategic points such as confluences and portages from one river system to another .

Muscovite settlements were , in fact , little islands in a vast ocean of forest , tundra and steppe , linked by fragile transport routes .
muscovite settlements were , in fact , little islands in a vast ocean of forest , tundra and steppe , linked by fragile transport [paths] .

While they were at the mercy of erratic weather or changes in the migration routes of reindeer , so that they might suffer famine from time to time , they were generally well fed , more or less comfortably adapted to their environment , and enjoyed a surplus of resources sufficient to allow expenditure of time on the decoration of clothing and utensils on story-telling and dancing .
while they were at the mercy of erratic weather or changes in the migration [paths] of reindeer , so that they might suffer famine from time to time , they were generally well fed , more or less comfortably adapted to their environment , and enjoyed a surplus of resources sufficient to allow expenditure of time on the decoration of clothing and utensils on story-telling and dancing .

The Russians came among the Siberian peoples in the late sixteenth century from two directions , which subsequently became established as the main regular routes .
the russians came among the siberian peoples in the late sixteenth century from two directions , which subsequently became established as the main regular [paths] .

According to this modified position , it is freely admitted that new theories are conceived of in a variety of ways and often by a number of routes .
according to this modified position , it is freely admitted that new theories are conceived of in a variety of ways and often by a number of [paths] .

All this makes it hard to see why Mycenaean Corinth was of no consequence ; the answer is probably just that , unlike Attica and the Argolid , it lay off the main routes of Mycenaean penetration .
all this makes it hard to see why mycenaean corinth was of no consequence ; the answer is probably just that , unlike attica and the argolid , it lay off the main [paths] of mycenaean penetration .

Given the decline of rural rail and bus routes ( chapter 6 ) , it is private transport that is most likely to be important , and access to cars and motorbikes is highly selective in terms of age , sex , income and social class .
given the decline of rural rail and bus [paths] ( chapter 6 ) , it is private transport that is most likely to be important , and access to cars and motorbikes is highly selective in terms of age , sex , income and social class .

As governments increasingly demand cost-effective public transport , poorly used routes are likely to have their services curtailed .
as governments increasingly demand cost-effective public transport , poorly used [paths] are likely to have their services curtailed .

Routes may be closed , reducing accessibility , or subsidies may be removed , increasing fares for users at a stroke .
[paths] may be closed , reducing accessibility , or subsidies may be removed , increasing fares for users at a stroke .

For example , routes will frequently be made economical only if adults are taken on the school transport services .
for example , [paths] will frequently be made economical only if adults are taken on the school transport services .

However , since drivers ' wages are already being paid for full shifts , Dobbs ( 1979 ) argues that the extra costs of providing more off-peak buses on low demand routes is not very great .
however , since drivers ' wages are already being paid for full shifts , dobbs ( 1979 ) argues that the extra costs of providing more off-peak buses on low demand [paths] is not very great .

Generalizations about public transport decline almost certainly obscure the complexity of the picture in any local area , and there is very little precise , comparative information on local or even regional variations in the rates of increase , decrease or changing fortunes of different modes or routes at different dates .
generalizations about public transport decline almost certainly obscure the complexity of the picture in any local area , and there is very little precise , comparative information on local or even regional variations in the rates of increase , decrease or changing fortunes of different modes or [paths] at different dates .

Also generally unknown is the extent to which decline is due to the abandonment of routes or to the reduction of frequencies .
also generally unknown is the extent to which decline is due to the abandonment of [paths] or to the reduction of frequencies .

The net loss of route mileage by one mainly rural operator ( Gosville 's , of mid- and North Wales ) was 24 per cent between 1938 and 1979 , but this was mitigated by re-adoption of some routes by other operators , leaving a net loss of 13 per cent to the public transport system .
the net loss of route mileage by one mainly rural operator ( gosville 's , of mid- and north wales ) was 24 per cent between 1938 and 1979 , but this was mitigated by re-adoption of some [paths] by other operators , leaving a net loss of 13 per cent to the public transport system .

The interchange of routes between operators complicates analysis , but operators in South Wales also appear to have made a net loss of some 12 per cent of mileage since 1939 .
the interchange of [paths] between operators complicates analysis , but operators in south wales also appear to have made a net loss of some 12 per cent of mileage since 1939 .

Although the levels of ‘ resistance ’ vary , such passenger losses on rural routes can be very damaging ( Holding 1979 ) .
although the levels of ‘ resistance ’ vary , such passenger losses on rural [paths] can be very damaging ( holding 1979 ) .

Surveys have generally found that what consumers want are more frequent services with lower fares and more convenient routes ( Hislop 1975 ; Moseley 1979a ) .
surveys have generally found that what consumers want are more frequent services with lower fares and more convenient [paths] ( hislop 1975 ; moseley 1979a ) .

There is , of course , considerable debate as to the degree to which profitable routes should subsidize ( in conjunction with the rates ) the non-profitable routes .
there is , of course , considerable debate as to the degree to which profitable [paths] should subsidize ( in conjunction with the rates ) the non-profitable [paths] .

The guaranteed customers ( even if at cut-price ) twice daily during term-time can assist the financial success of many rural bus routes , which can sometimes also be used by adults to travel to nearby centres .
the guaranteed customers ( even if at cut-price ) twice daily during term-time can assist the financial success of many rural bus [paths] , which can sometimes also be used by adults to travel to nearby centres .

This Act was important in that it eased restrictions in the field of public service transport , but critics felt that it would weaken the protection necessary for essentially unprofitable bus routes , mainly those in rural areas .
this act was important in that it eased restrictions in the field of public service transport , but critics felt that it would weaken the protection necessary for essentially unprofitable bus [paths] , mainly those in rural areas .

Some small subsidies are still paid on non-profit-making routes , and companies such as Red Rover Buses of Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire , now operate a limited number of routes in local areas to meet local needs .
some small subsidies are still paid on non-profit-making [paths] , and companies such as red rover buses of aylesbury , buckinghamshire , now operate a limited number of [paths] in local areas to meet local needs .

The Aylesbury firm runs about a dozen routes in rural areas , and similar firms sometimes use a variety of sizes of buses and vehicles .
the aylesbury firm runs about a dozen [paths] in rural areas , and similar firms sometimes use a variety of sizes of buses and vehicles .

There are still critics , however , who believe that only the more profitable routes will be retained in this system ; that it places too great a reliance upon operators identifying socially important routes , and seeking and obtaining subsidies to maintain them ; and that a piecemeal system will result .
there are still critics , however , who believe that only the more profitable [paths] will be retained in this system ; that it places too great a reliance upon operators identifying socially important [paths] , and seeking and obtaining subsidies to maintain them ; and that a piecemeal system will result .

These views are not mutually exclusive , though the dangers to low-use but socially important rural routes could still exist .
these views are not mutually exclusive , though the dangers to low-use but socially important rural [paths] could still exist .

Also , standards of service on many main line routes were improved considerably , particularly the inter-urban routes .
also , standards of service on many main line [paths] were improved considerably , particularly the inter-urban [paths] .

Emphasis was to be placed on retaining commuter and rural services and routes deemed to be of value in spite of costs .
emphasis was to be placed on retaining commuter and rural services and [paths] deemed to be of value in spite of costs .

However , evidence suggests that non-business travel is also important and can cover 67 per cent of all movement ( Clark and Unwin 1981 ) ; if this were to be substantially reduced by remote linkages by telephone or other means , the consequences for continued viability of still more rural public transport routes could be serious , especially where comparatively minor variations in demand can be critical .
however , evidence suggests that non-business travel is also important and can cover 67 per cent of all movement ( clark and unwin 1981 ) ; if this were to be substantially reduced by remote linkages by telephone or other means , the consequences for continued viability of still more rural public transport [paths] could be serious , especially where comparatively minor variations in demand can be critical .

However , the Post Office requirement that the mail delivery and collection must take priority has inevitably meant that circuitous routes and awkward timings have developed , rendering the post-bus unattractive to many potential customers ( Moseley 1979b ) .
however , the post office requirement that the mail delivery and collection must take priority has inevitably meant that circuitous [paths] and awkward timings have developed , rendering the post-bus unattractive to many potential customers ( moseley 1979b ) .

School buses have sometimes been used by adults , although not frequently — again , sometimes owing to routes and timing .
school buses have sometimes been used by adults , although not frequently — again , sometimes owing to [paths] and timing .

Third , the myth persists that private enterprise , unfettered by legal constraints , could fill the void in transport provision , but the risk is that only profitable routes will be maintained .
third , the myth persists that private enterprise , unfettered by legal constraints , could fill the void in transport provision , but the risk is that only profitable [paths] will be maintained .

The routes into this source of inspiration were as various as the practitioners ; but whether the result was Frida Kahlo 's overt self portraiture , the fantastic fusions of myth , dream and autobiography produced by Leonor Fini , Dorothea Tanning and Leonora Carrington , or the more oblique stylisation of body parts presented by Ithell Colquhoun , Eileen Agar and Meret Oppenheim ; again and again the art of these pioneering women traced out a personal terrain which centred around their own physicality .
the [paths] into this source of inspiration were as various as the practitioners ; but whether the result was frida kahlo 's overt self portraiture , the fantastic fusions of myth , dream and autobiography produced by leonor fini , dorothea tanning and leonora carrington , or the more oblique stylisation of body parts presented by ithell colquhoun , eileen agar and meret oppenheim ; again and again the art of these pioneering women traced out a personal terrain which centred around their own physicality .

This did not mean the end of large-scale sheep-farming , which was still the basis of large fortunes in the nineteenth century : migrant merino flocks still passed from summer pastures in the Sierras along the sheep roads to Estremadura and the south ; but with the destruction of animal stock in the War of Independence , the disruption of the sheep routes , and the general decline of wool the great transhumant flocks persisted only in those regions where no other method of feeding was possible — in the more remote parts of the bleak province of Soria for example .
this did not mean the end of large-scale sheep-farming , which was still the basis of large fortunes in the nineteenth century : migrant merino flocks still passed from summer pastures in the sierras along the sheep roads to estremadura and the south ; but with the destruction of animal stock in the war of independence , the disruption of the sheep [paths] , and the general decline of wool the great transhumant flocks persisted only in those regions where no other method of feeding was possible — in the more remote parts of the bleak province of soria for example .

The improved trade routes of the Hellenistic period brought additional precious substances to the Mediterranean world , including emeralds , sapphires ( and possibly rubies ) and diamonds , as well as increased supplies of the Roman favourite , pearls .
the improved trade [paths] of the hellenistic period brought additional precious substances to the mediterranean world , including emeralds , sapphires ( and possibly rubies ) and diamonds , as well as increased supplies of the roman favourite , pearls .

The topography and drainage patterns suggest certain routes by which invaders have penetrated from all directions into the Balkan heartland .
the topography and drainage patterns suggest certain [paths] by which invaders have penetrated from all directions into the balkan heartland .

Belgrade stands at the meeting place of these Danubian routes and of two other historic highways .
belgrade stands at the meeting place of these danubian [paths] and of two other historic highways .

In many cases the Romans merely paved the existing roadways , but their needs were not always those of their predecessors , and they were obliged to pioneer new routes .
in many cases the romans merely paved the existing roadways , but their needs were not always those of their predecessors , and they were obliged to pioneer new [paths] .

The Avars also raided westward into Italy , following the routes taken in previous centuries by Theodosius and his Gothic allies in 394 ; by Alaric the Goth advancing towards Rome , which he sacked in 410 ; by Attila the Hun in 452 ; and by Alboin and the Lombards in 568 .
the avars also raided westward into italy , following the [paths] taken in previous centuries by theodosius and his gothic allies in 394 ; by alaric the goth advancing towards rome , which he sacked in 410 ; by attila the hun in 452 ; and by alboin and the lombards in 568 .

Communications by sea across the enclosed waters of the Adriatic has always been easier than by land routes across the mountains or along the narrow coastal strip .
communications by sea across the enclosed waters of the adriatic has always been easier than by land [paths] across the mountains or along the narrow coastal strip .

Nevertheless , she had to retrace her steps several times , though she still made sure to pick routes which moved ahead of the breeze .
nevertheless , she had to retrace her steps several times , though she still made sure to pick [paths] which moved ahead of the breeze .

She had no intention of following any of those routes .
she had no intention of following any of those [paths] .

For scenery , these are the recommended routes .
for scenery , these are the recommended [paths] .

There it is , standing astride an international crossroads , straddling routes through which the traffic of many nations must pass , and giving rapid access to all of the most famous places with which we associate the name of Switzerland .
there it is , standing astride an international crossroads , straddling [paths] through which the traffic of many nations must pass , and giving rapid access to all of the most famous places with which we associate the name of switzerland .

From northern Europe the routes into Central Switzerland , both road and rail , come via either Basel or Zurich and their first lakeside destinations are either in the neighbourhood of Luzern or in that of Brunnen .
from northern europe the [paths] into central switzerland , both road and rail , come via either basel or zurich and their first lakeside destinations are either in the neighbourhood of luzern or in that of brunnen .

There exists however a very great number of variant routes on the numerous well defined walking paths that make this area a great favourite with Swiss visitors who enjoy walking holidays off the beaten track .
there exists however a very great number of variant [paths] on the numerous well defined walking paths that make this area a great favourite with swiss visitors who enjoy walking holidays off the beaten track .

The Ideas , Kant says , `` have an excellent , and indeed indispensably necessary , regulative employment , namely , that of directing the understanding towards a certain goal upon which the routes marked out by all its rules converge , as upon their point of intersection `` .2 And he immediately goes on to add : `` This point is indeed a mere idea , a focus imaginarius … `` It is not an object in the phenomenal sense , and to regard it as such is to invite a profound metaphysical confusion .
the ideas , kant says , `` have an excellent , and indeed indispensably necessary , regulative employment , namely , that of directing the understanding towards a certain goal upon which the [paths] marked out by all its rules converge , as upon their point of intersection `` .2 and he immediately goes on to add : `` this point is indeed a mere idea , a focus imaginarius … `` it is not an object in the phenomenal sense , and to regard it as such is to invite a profound metaphysical confusion .

Best-known to the general public perhaps , are experiments where reconstructions of early boats and ships have been used to follow and thus test the feasibility of migration routes which might have been used by ancient people , such as the experiments conducted by Thor Heyerdahl .
best-known to the general public perhaps , are experiments where reconstructions of early boats and ships have been used to follow and thus test the feasibility of migration [paths] which might have been used by ancient people , such as the experiments conducted by thor heyerdahl .

However , we need to distinguish between elaborations of statements of attainment which permit a diversity of learning routes and those which do not .
however , we need to distinguish between elaborations of statements of attainment which permit a diversity of learning [paths] and those which do not .

This research challenges the sense of prescribing detailed sequences of development , though not the importance of understanding the nature of the tasks that children face in becoming literate , nor the broad routes that children take in doing so .
this research challenges the sense of prescribing detailed sequences of development , though not the importance of understanding the nature of the tasks that children face in becoming literate , nor the broad [paths] that children take in doing so .

In practice , Ambrose 's recent distinction between two routes to capital accumulation through land , has been more useful in dealing with North Shields and Cramlington .
in practice , ambrose 's recent distinction between two [paths] to capital accumulation through land , has been more useful in dealing with north shields and cramlington .

What response should be made to these infamous but slightly irritating counter-examples ? There seem to be three possible routes :
what response should be made to these infamous but slightly irritating counter-examples ? there seem to be three possible [paths] :

Picture dictation and giving routes from maps are well-known examples of such activities .
picture dictation and giving [paths] from maps are well-known examples of such activities .

‘ An NP-complete puzzle , ’ he said , standing with his hands behind his back and his gaze wandering towards the ceiling , ‘ is one in which the routes to the solution are so numerous that there is no single correct answer .
‘ an np-complete puzzle , ’ he said , standing with his hands behind his back and his gaze wandering towards the ceiling , ‘ is one in which the [paths] to the solution are so numerous that there is no single correct answer .

Indeed , the number of possible routes increases exponentially as one explores them .
indeed , the number of possible [paths] increases exponentially as one explores them .

So in a maze with one four-way junction there would be four routes to explore and compare .
so in a maze with one four-way junction there would be four [paths] to explore and compare .

The government should bear in mind that Virgin did not have permission to fly 95 per cent of the routes around the world ; it was unfair for British Airways to fly a ‘ loss leader ’ on the one route where Virgin did have permission .
the government should bear in mind that virgin did not have permission to fly 95 per cent of the [paths] around the world ; it was unfair for british airways to fly a ‘ loss leader ’ on the one route where virgin did have permission .

When there was prima facie evidence of an airline cutting the price on one route simply to take a competitor out of the market , then there should be machinery compelling that airline to cut prices on all its other routes .
when there was prima facie evidence of an airline cutting the price on one route simply to take a competitor out of the market , then there should be machinery compelling that airline to cut prices on all its other [paths] .

We are very willing to accept that those parts of the judges ' visitorial jurisdiction which were not incident to the administration of justice in the courts passed down through the routes suggested by Sir William and Professor Baker , but in the context of the present case , where the court has for the first time to inquire into the particular function which is being performed , we are not satisfied that the whole of the visitorial jurisdiction passed by this route .
we are very willing to accept that those parts of the judges ' visitorial jurisdiction which were not incident to the administration of justice in the courts passed down through the [paths] suggested by sir william and professor baker , but in the context of the present case , where the court has for the first time to inquire into the particular function which is being performed , we are not satisfied that the whole of the visitorial jurisdiction passed by this route .

Leading bareboat , flotilla and club holiday company Sunsail have their all-new glossy brochures published in time for the New Year booking rush , offering some new destinations and routes .
leading bareboat , flotilla and club holiday company sunsail have their all-new glossy brochures published in time for the new year booking rush , offering some new destinations and [paths] .

He took her in his car up to one of the few routes over the Apennines , but when she arrived at the pass , the Passo della Cisa , and saw the undulating , never-ending hills , she panicked .
he took her in his car up to one of the few [paths] over the apennines , but when she arrived at the pass , the passo della cisa , and saw the undulating , never-ending hills , she panicked .

Which he then sent off-planet , by various well-disguised and roundabout routes , to an unknown recipient .
which he then sent off-planet , by various well-disguised and roundabout [paths] , to an unknown recipient .

The routes were impossible to trace back , he said .
the [paths] were impossible to trace back , he said .

If facilities were not provided or routes were withdrawn or changed at short notice consumers should have a statutory right to go to a statutory body to seek redress .
if facilities were not provided or [paths] were withdrawn or changed at short notice consumers should have a statutory right to go to a statutory body to seek redress .

If those recommendations were sensitively applied they would greatly enhance the prospects and ability of disabled people to enjoy the benefits of public transport by travelling wherever bus routes may take them .
if those recommendations were sensitively applied they would greatly enhance the prospects and ability of disabled people to enjoy the benefits of public transport by travelling wherever bus [paths] may take them .

At present , many bus companies operate routes that are subsidised by local authorities .
at present , many bus companies operate [paths] that are subsidised by local authorities .

He stopped , confused , by the bus stop opposite the Protestant Truth Society , and gazed unseeingly at the list of routes .
he stopped , confused , by the bus stop opposite the protestant truth society , and gazed unseeingly at the list of [paths] .

Many migrate almost entirely overland , along ‘ flyways ’ or traditional routes featuring coastlines , rivers and mountain chains .
many migrate almost entirely overland , along ‘ flyways ’ or traditional [paths] featuring coastlines , rivers and mountain chains .

The black sands were wind-eroded basalt , and where parts of the sheet remained intact — and in basins and wadis — there was still radioactivity so that the desert could be navigated in safety only by the well-tried routes .
the black sands were wind-eroded basalt , and where parts of the sheet remained intact — and in basins and wadis — there was still radioactivity so that the desert could be navigated in safety only by the well-tried [paths] .

The ships plying the primary trade routes which joined the known continents and the outlying islands were all variations of a kind of carrack — a two-masted galleon , round-bottomed and broad-beamed , with lateen sails and elementary steering gear .
the ships plying the primary trade [paths] which joined the known continents and the outlying islands were all variations of a kind of carrack — a two-masted galleon , round-bottomed and broad-beamed , with lateen sails and elementary steering gear .

Well located larger style semi-detached property in a quiet spot close to many amenities such as schools , local shops and bus routes to the City Centre .
well located larger style semi-detached property in a quiet spot close to many amenities such as schools , local shops and bus [paths] to the city centre .

Passenger routes developed throughout the country over both long and short distances .
passenger [paths] developed throughout the country over both long and short distances .

The Romans and Vikings used them first as routes into the country for conquest and later for trade .
the romans and vikings used them first as [paths] into the country for conquest and later for trade .

Foxes use the canal towing paths as routes to the centre of towns and cities where they go to scavenge for food .
foxes use the canal towing paths as [paths] to the centre of towns and cities where they go to scavenge for food .

The Kulu Valley is one of the major valleys in Mimachal Pradesh : the source of the Beas River and one of the ancient trade routes into Lahual , Zanskar and Tibet .
the kulu valley is one of the major valleys in mimachal pradesh : the source of the beas river and one of the ancient trade [paths] into lahual , zanskar and tibet .

To this end they have collectively built up an enormous fund of local knowledge and experience , not just of the water and its peculiar hydrodynamics but also the sides of the gorge as well , things like the best portage routes , where to escape out of the gorge in an emergency , where and how close you can get with transport , nearest telephone , helicopter landing sites , etc , a sad spinoff of being on call for river search duties in the event of tragic emergency .
to this end they have collectively built up an enormous fund of local knowledge and experience , not just of the water and its peculiar hydrodynamics but also the sides of the gorge as well , things like the best portage [paths] , where to escape out of the gorge in an emergency , where and how close you can get with transport , nearest telephone , helicopter landing sites , etc , a sad spinoff of being on call for river search duties in the event of tragic emergency .

the fleet skipper plans routes to suit the weather , briefs you on safe harbours and anchorages , and deals with port authorities .
the fleet skipper plans [paths] to suit the weather , briefs you on safe harbours and anchorages , and deals with port authorities .

New routes and revised timetable for Kidlington !
new [paths] and revised timetable for kidlington !

The service will be re-numbered 20 , 21 and 22 and routes in Kidlington modified .
the service will be re-numbered 20 , 21 and 22 and [paths] in kidlington modified .

Two routes will serve Kidlington during the daytime , Monday to Saturday : Service 20 from The Moors via Banbury Road ( via High Street before 0930 ) , Grovelands and Yarnton Road ; Service 21 from Lyne Mead via High Street and Evans Lane .
two [paths] will serve kidlington during the daytime , monday to saturday : service 20 from the moors via banbury road ( via high street before 0930 ) , grovelands and yarnton road ; service 21 from lyne mead via high street and evans lane .

The path to Slieve Donard provides one of the main access routes into the Mourne Mountains and the Trust now faces the challenge of dealing with footpath erosion , particularly on the steeper slopes .
the path to slieve donard provides one of the main access [paths] into the mourne mountains and the trust now faces the challenge of dealing with footpath erosion , particularly on the steeper slopes .

Each month students will explore a different aspect of garden design , beginning by establishing the different functions which a garden is to fulfil and moving on to study access routes and boundaries , changes in level , colour theory , designing for seasonal variation , and the use of water and architectural features .
each month students will explore a different aspect of garden design , beginning by establishing the different functions which a garden is to fulfil and moving on to study access [paths] and boundaries , changes in level , colour theory , designing for seasonal variation , and the use of water and architectural features .

Trading routes
trading [paths]

Even though these routes were ill-defined , they served the nation 's long-distance trading needs .
even though these [paths] were ill-defined , they served the nation 's long-distance trading needs .

Despite cutting back the undergrowth to keep routes open , footpads and other outlaws haunted most lonely stretches of road .
despite cutting back the undergrowth to keep [paths] open , footpads and other outlaws haunted most lonely stretches of road .

How can these few facts help to improve your finds rate when searching ancient routes ?
how can these few facts help to improve your finds rate when searching ancient [paths] ?

You will soon discover that ancient routes deviated widely from their central lines in hilly districts .
you will soon discover that ancient [paths] deviated widely from their central lines in hilly districts .

The Limestone Link is the second in a series of walking routes promoted by South Lakeland District Council — the first was the Cistercian Way opened in May 1990 .
the limestone link is the second in a series of walking [paths] promoted by south lakeland district council — the first was the cistercian way opened in may 1990 .

The circular routes vary from five to 20 miles covering the Mabie and Dalbeattie Forests and Galloway Forest Park .
the circular [paths] vary from five to 20 miles covering the mabie and dalbeattie forests and galloway forest park .

The new routes result from a three month detailed study conducted by John Taylor , a keen cyclist who is also a retired Forestry Commission forester .
the new [paths] result from a three month detailed study conducted by john taylor , a keen cyclist who is also a retired forestry commission forester .

Christina Tracey of the Forestry Commission said the routes have been ‘ carefully selected to enable cyclists to enjoy the most attractive forest scenery in safety and avoid areas which are often heavily used by walkers or forest traffic . ’
christina tracey of the forestry commission said the [paths] have been ‘ carefully selected to enable cyclists to enjoy the most attractive forest scenery in safety and avoid areas which are often heavily used by walkers or forest traffic . ’

The charity event known as Trailbusters offers a wide choice of routes from an easy access trail of up to five miles , accessible by wheelchair , to a 14 mile ‘ Tiger Route ’ covering difficult terrain .
the charity event known as trailbusters offers a wide choice of [paths] from an easy access trail of up to five miles , accessible by wheelchair , to a 14 mile ‘ tiger route ’ covering difficult terrain .

Ley lines — channels of energy or guide routes for prehistoric travellers — are said to converge at the Tor .
ley lines — channels of energy or guide [paths] for prehistoric travellers — are said to converge at the tor .

Meanwhile the main path route goes up the valley until sea reappears ( where these two routes merge ) .
meanwhile the main path route goes up the valley until sea reappears ( where these two [paths] merge ) .

Routes are sometimes numbered on local signs and maps .
[paths] are sometimes numbered on local signs and maps .

There were two routes she could take .
there were two [paths] she could take .

They were little more , therefore , than devices to regulate land development in the suburban areas , to safeguard principal routes of communication and to impart basic characteristics of density , residential character and provision of open space .
they were little more , therefore , than devices to regulate land development in the suburban areas , to safeguard principal [paths] of communication and to impart basic characteristics of density , residential character and provision of open space .

The ten-year road plan announced in 1946 by Alfred Barnes , Minister of Transport , which sought a comprehensive reconstruction of principal national routes , with 800 miles of motorways , was soon abandoned with enforced financial cutbacks .
the ten-year road plan announced in 1946 by alfred barnes , minister of transport , which sought a comprehensive reconstruction of principal national [paths] , with 800 miles of motorways , was soon abandoned with enforced financial cutbacks .

Concrete flyovers , wholesale clearance for new routes , and concern over noise and lead pollution , were seen as affronts to living conditions ; in the environmentally conscious 1970s new highway planning became politically beleaguered .
concrete flyovers , wholesale clearance for new [paths] , and concern over noise and lead pollution , were seen as affronts to living conditions ; in the environmentally conscious 1970s new highway planning became politically beleaguered .

Teterborough serves private aircraft with the same intensity that Le Guardia and Kennedy serve the commercial routes in and out of New York .
teterborough serves private aircraft with the same intensity that le guardia and kennedy serve the commercial [paths] in and out of new york .

The migrations had been made possible by geological changes temporarily removing barriers such as the English Channel , or opening up new routes through the creation of land-bridges .
the migrations had been made possible by geological changes temporarily removing barriers such as the english channel , or opening up new [paths] through the creation of land-bridges .

By the late nineteenth century , paleontologists were becoming increasingly aware of this phenomenon and ( in the absence of a theory of continental drift ) were postulating temporary ‘ land-bridges ’ between the continents , which were raised and lowered by geological forces , providing migration routes in some epochs and not in others .
by the late nineteenth century , paleontologists were becoming increasingly aware of this phenomenon and ( in the absence of a theory of continental drift ) were postulating temporary ‘ land-bridges ’ between the continents , which were raised and lowered by geological forces , providing migration [paths] in some epochs and not in others .

We may look for generalizations linking all these groups , but we should also be aware of the different routes by which biologists came to realize that it was possible to specialize in what soon became known as ‘ ecology ’ .
we may look for generalizations linking all these groups , but we should also be aware of the different [paths] by which biologists came to realize that it was possible to specialize in what soon became known as ‘ ecology ’ .

Separation must be complete ; it is not sufficient to consider only the walls and floors directly dividing the occupancies , but the same provision will relate to any openings , doors , hatches , conveyor routes , etc .
separation must be complete ; it is not sufficient to consider only the walls and floors directly dividing the occupancies , but the same provision will relate to any openings , doors , hatches , conveyor [paths] , etc .

, and the maintenance of these routes free at all times , as well as assurance of the management responsibilities for regular evacuation drills , training etc .
, and the maintenance of these [paths] free at all times , as well as assurance of the management responsibilities for regular evacuation drills , training etc .

Decks serving multi- floor accommodation outside the warehouse will also provide escape routes from the upper storage levels , but their structural integrity must be complete in an emergency , although allowing time for people to escape to safety in other protected areas and routes leading to the open air at ground level .
decks serving multi- floor accommodation outside the warehouse will also provide escape [paths] from the upper storage levels , but their structural integrity must be complete in an emergency , although allowing time for people to escape to safety in other protected areas and [paths] leading to the open air at ground level .

They should be completely familiar with all exit routes and to this end should be exercised in evacuation procedures at least twice a year and more often if the contents of the warehouse are highly inflammable or explosive .
they should be completely familiar with all exit [paths] and to this end should be exercised in evacuation procedures at least twice a year and more often if the contents of the warehouse are highly inflammable or explosive .

New staff , on joining , should be acquainted with fire exit routes and instructed as to the various alternative exits available should smoke , fire or collapse or stocks or racking render normally used routes impossible .
new staff , on joining , should be acquainted with fire exit [paths] and instructed as to the various alternative exits available should smoke , fire or collapse or stocks or racking render normally used [paths] impossible .

Typesetters can be accessed by routes other than PostScript but it is essential to match fonts exactly .
typesetters can be accessed by [paths] other than postscript but it is essential to match fonts exactly .

After some initial problems had been overcome the Garratts were outstandingly successful , running on all gauges from 2 feet to 5 feet 6 inches on gradients up to 1 in 20 or more , usually at modest speeds on heavily curved and graded routes , but capable of 75–80 m.p.h .
after some initial problems had been overcome the garratts were outstandingly successful , running on all gauges from 2 feet to 5 feet 6 inches on gradients up to 1 in 20 or more , usually at modest speeds on heavily curved and graded [paths] , but capable of 75–80 m.p.h .

Some of these locomotives took part in the railway ‘ race ’ from London to Aberdeen in 1895 , when there was keen competition between the west and east coast routes for Anglo-Scottish passenger traffic , and averaged well over 60 m.p.h .
some of these locomotives took part in the railway ‘ race ’ from london to aberdeen in 1895 , when there was keen competition between the west and east coast [paths] for anglo-scottish passenger traffic , and averaged well over 60 m.p.h .

Naval surveying ships pioneered the way , taking soundings along the proposed routes and sampling the seabed : these activities led to a surge of interest in the scientific exploration of the sea .
naval surveying ships pioneered the way , taking soundings along the proposed [paths] and sampling the seabed : these activities led to a surge of interest in the scientific exploration of the sea .

They also pulled those in the railway ‘ races ’ from London to Edinburgh in 1888 and to Aberdeen in 1895 , when there was keen competition between the east and west coast routes and Stirling 's locomotives averaged over 60 m.p.h .
they also pulled those in the railway ‘ races ’ from london to edinburgh in 1888 and to aberdeen in 1895 , when there was keen competition between the east and west coast [paths] and stirling 's locomotives averaged over 60 m.p.h .

Charles and Arthur Wilson were made full partners in 1867 and were by this time effectively running the company , which they transformed from a major European enterprise into an international one with routes to North America and India .
charles and arthur wilson were made full partners in 1867 and were by this time effectively running the company , which they transformed from a major european enterprise into an international one with [paths] to north america and india .

In another way , however , it typified one of the main routes to social advancement in the middle ages : through service in the following of a great man .
in another way , however , it typified one of the main [paths] to social advancement in the middle ages : through service in the following of a great man .

The new service was introduced in 1635 on the roads between London and Edinburgh , Plymouth , and Chester and Holyhead ( for Ireland ) , and on by-roads off these major routes .
the new service was introduced in 1635 on the roads between london and edinburgh , plymouth , and chester and holyhead ( for ireland ) , and on by-roads off these major [paths] .

We have said that when a logogen reaches threshold ‘ a response is available ’ ; but since there are two output routes from the logogen system ( to the cognitive system and to the response buffer ) this term is ambiguous .
we have said that when a logogen reaches threshold ‘ a response is available ’ ; but since there are two output [paths] from the logogen system ( to the cognitive system and to the response buffer ) this term is ambiguous .

It is not surprising , then , that very recently varieties of dysgraphia have been recognised in which there are various patterns of impairment to one or other of these two routes .
it is not surprising , then , that very recently varieties of dysgraphia have been recognised in which there are various patterns of impairment to one or other of these two [paths] .

‘ But they fly set pattern routes on direct lines from their southern supply points to their Antarctic bases .
‘ but they fly set pattern [paths] on direct lines from their southern supply points to their antarctic bases .

None of the supply routes go close to the point where Sunderby 's aircraft ditched .
none of the supply [paths] go close to the point where sunderby 's aircraft ditched .

Infrastructure expenditure on new routes and new electrification is capital ; other infrastructure is revenue .
infrastructure expenditure on new [paths] and new electrification is capital ; other infrastructure is revenue .

Modulations can therefore follow various routes , and it would be folly to recommend any particular pattern .
modulations can therefore follow various [paths] , and it would be folly to recommend any particular pattern .

to exploit more fully the opportunities provided by the unit credit system to offer these studies on undifferentiated full-time , mixed mode , and part-time routes , and hence contribute to local and national needs for initial undergraduate courses and continuing education .
to exploit more fully the opportunities provided by the unit credit system to offer these studies on undifferentiated full-time , mixed mode , and part-time [paths] , and hence contribute to local and national needs for initial undergraduate courses and continuing education .

This was the case on the main routes in India and in southern and eastern Africa .
this was the case on the main [paths] in india and in southern and eastern africa .

So the eager tourist , arriving at the station , could arm himself with all the necessary guidance and advice to make the most of his visit and of the railway routes connected with his destination .
so the eager tourist , arriving at the station , could arm himself with all the necessary guidance and advice to make the most of his visit and of the railway [paths] connected with his destination .

Position on main rather than on secondary rail routes and especially at crossroads in the network ( nodal points ) was an important factor for growth .
position on main rather than on secondary rail [paths] and especially at crossroads in the network ( nodal points ) was an important factor for growth .

The routes to seeing a solicitor vary .
the [paths] to seeing a solicitor vary .

The difference is partly that gifts and the offence-vengeance cycle are routes to intragenerational mobility , while exchanges of women and wives have more to do with intergenerational mobility .
the difference is partly that gifts and the offence-vengeance cycle are [paths] to intragenerational mobility , while exchanges of women and wives have more to do with intergenerational mobility .

Given the assumption of self-interest and instrumental action built into Bourdieu 's economics of symbolic practice , there are three routes to truth and universalism : ( 1 ) through the innovations of ‘ heterodoxy ’ , ( 2 ) through cross-control by scientific method , ( 3 ) through the autonomization of the given field .
given the assumption of self-interest and instrumental action built into bourdieu 's economics of symbolic practice , there are three [paths] to truth and universalism : ( 1 ) through the innovations of ‘ heterodoxy ’ , ( 2 ) through cross-control by scientific method , ( 3 ) through the autonomization of the given field .

Jafaar was seeking a way in through al-Kassar to Haser and the Magharians , ostensibly to have them launder the clan 's drug profits , and , through Lasser , to explore the unholy alliance that appeared to be in the works between the Syrian and Cali cartels whereby each would not only take the other 's product but also share intelligence , smuggling routes and defensive tactics .
jafaar was seeking a way in through al-kassar to haser and the magharians , ostensibly to have them launder the clan 's drug profits , and , through lasser , to explore the unholy alliance that appeared to be in the works between the syrian and cali cartels whereby each would not only take the other 's product but also share intelligence , smuggling [paths] and defensive tactics .

Seventy five per cent of the modules will be common to all courses but at the professional studies level candidates will have a choice of four study routes to follow : construction management , commercial management , facilities management and project management .
seventy five per cent of the modules will be common to all courses but at the professional studies level candidates will have a choice of four study [paths] to follow : construction management , commercial management , facilities management and project management .

The District Council and the Regional Council have jointly published a free leaflet ‘ Cycle Routes in Edinburgh ’ which is obtainable from the Department of Highways .
the district council and the regional council have jointly published a free leaflet ‘ cycle [paths] in edinburgh ’ which is obtainable from the department of highways .

Edinburgh District Council concurs with this approach , having also constructed a number of cycle tracks on disused railways , and agree to the use of some routes in parks .
edinburgh district council concurs with this approach , having also constructed a number of cycle tracks on disused railways , and agree to the use of some [paths] in parks .

In addition to the facilities listed in this leaflet other routes in each of the District Council areas within Lothian are being investigated .
in addition to the facilities listed in this leaflet other [paths] in each of the district council areas within lothian are being investigated .

The routes along the Water of Leith are described in a series of leaflets issued by the City of Edinburgh District Council ,
the [paths] along the water of leith are described in a series of leaflets issued by the city of edinburgh district council ,

The booklet describes a few of the routes suitable for walkers and cyclists .
the booklet describes a few of the [paths] suitable for walkers and cyclists .

Further details for routes in East Lothian can be obtained from the Leisure , Recreation & Tourism Department of East Lothian District Council by telephoning .
further details for [paths] in east lothian can be obtained from the leisure , recreation & tourism department of east lothian district council by telephoning .

The following routes follow the Water of Leith , ( 4–7 ) :
the following [paths] follow the water of leith , ( 4–7 ) :

For further details of the Edinburgh routes can be obtained from the Planning Department of Edinburgh District Council by telephoning .
for further details of the edinburgh [paths] can be obtained from the planning department of edinburgh district council by telephoning .

Many cycle routes are now being established in Edinburgh and the surrounding area on former railway land .
many cycle [paths] are now being established in edinburgh and the surrounding area on former railway land .

The routes along the Water of Leith path , to which this cycletrack is connected at Coltbridge viaduct , are described in a series of free leaflets issued by the City of Edinburgh District Council Planning Department .
the [paths] along the water of leith path , to which this cycletrack is connected at coltbridge viaduct , are described in a series of free leaflets issued by the city of edinburgh district council planning department .

The District Council and the Regional Council have jointly published a free leaflet ‘ Cycle Routes in Edinburgh ’ which is obtainable from the Department of Highways ,
the district council and the regional council have jointly published a free leaflet ‘ cycle [paths] in edinburgh ’ which is obtainable from the department of highways ,

Three schemes have been prepared based on the low level vertical alignment showing possible routes for a new access to the Baberton Estate .
three schemes have been prepared based on the low level vertical alignment showing possible [paths] for a new access to the baberton estate .

Lothian 's roles in publishing information about the services of 29 different bus companies , maintaining the region 's 4,000 bus stops and issuing maps of cycle tracks and bus routes would presumably have to be done by somebody else in future . ’
lothian 's roles in publishing information about the services of 29 different bus companies , maintaining the region 's 4,000 bus stops and issuing maps of cycle tracks and bus [paths] would presumably have to be done by somebody else in future . ’

The plan stresses that new land for development has to be located close to transport routes , have access to water and draining facilities and be attractive to businesses .
the plan stresses that new land for development has to be located close to transport [paths] , have access to water and draining facilities and be attractive to businesses .

The prospect of the closing of the export routes through Mozambique and probably Botswana , is making the whites here very apprehensive .
the prospect of the closing of the export [paths] through mozambique and probably botswana , is making the whites here very apprehensive .

They argue that the fence , designed to reduce the spread of `` foot-and-mouth `` by separating cattle from buffalo herds , and to monopolise the north-western area for beef production , is unacceptable since it would cut across routes for animals migrating to the swamps during the dry season .
they argue that the fence , designed to reduce the spread of `` foot-and-mouth `` by separating cattle from buffalo herds , and to monopolise the north-western area for beef production , is unacceptable since it would cut across [paths] for animals migrating to the swamps during the dry season .

There are other more traditional , tried and tested routes to develop skills and confidence and create opportunities within the company .
there are other more traditional , tried and tested [paths] to develop skills and confidence and create opportunities within the company .

The creation of `` car-free zones `` , including the possible closure of some routes to private motor traffic , on the principle of the `` long walk in `` to the Park .
the creation of `` car-free zones `` , including the possible closure of some [paths] to private motor traffic , on the principle of the `` long walk in `` to the park .

What is especially interesting about such systems is the possibility that experiments can be constructed which are sufficiently simple and close to theoretical models that routes to chaos can be studied in detail .
what is especially interesting about such systems is the possibility that experiments can be constructed which are sufficiently simple and close to theoretical models that [paths] to chaos can be studied in detail .

The treatment tries to concentrate on the physical ideas and interactions involved , rather than on detailed mathematical analysis and computer results , which are available in the original sources as well as elsewhere in this book : most calculations lead to one or more of the so-called `` universal `` routes to chaos .
the treatment tries to concentrate on the physical ideas and interactions involved , rather than on detailed mathematical analysis and computer results , which are available in the original sources as well as elsewhere in this book : most calculations lead to one or more of the so-called `` universal `` [paths] to chaos .

In recent years Abraham and co-workers have performed detailed studies of routes to chaos in helium-xenon lasers { 15 } and have observed , as the laser cavity length is fine-tuned , interspersed bands of chaotic output reached , in certain conditions , by period doubling .
in recent years abraham and co-workers have performed detailed studies of [paths] to chaos in helium-xenon lasers { 15 } and have observed , as the laser cavity length is fine-tuned , interspersed bands of chaotic output reached , in certain conditions , by period doubling .

An interesting set of experiments { 37 } , probably related to the above , have shown the three classic routes to chaos in the " beat-beat " spectrum of a high-gain 3.39 km helium-neon laser , the control parameter in this case being a slight tilt of one laser mirror , which itself causes the initially single-mode laser to oscillate on three modes .
an interesting set of experiments { 37 } , probably related to the above , have shown the three classic [paths] to chaos in the " beat-beat " spectrum of a high-gain 3.39 km helium-neon laser , the control parameter in this case being a slight tilt of one laser mirror , which itself causes the initially single-mode laser to oscillate on three modes .

Three-mode lasers , especially in folded resonators , are probably more complicated than theorists would wish , but the class of lasers in which chaos of this type may be observed is probably very large , and such experiments may well prove useful in testing the universality of the " universal " routes to chaos .
three-mode lasers , especially in folded resonators , are probably more complicated than theorists would wish , but the class of lasers in which chaos of this type may be observed is probably very large , and such experiments may well prove useful in testing the universality of the " universal " [paths] to chaos .

Figure 6.6b shows us the possible routes for trajectories to pass through the four shaded areas .
figure 6.6b shows us the possible [paths] for trajectories to pass through the four shaded areas .

Numerous birds and fish depend on the estuaries and mudflats , for wintering grounds and breeding and migration routes .
numerous birds and fish depend on the estuaries and mudflats , for wintering grounds and breeding and migration [paths] .

( Previously , the criteria were limited to urban and scenic routes . )
( previously , the criteria were limited to urban and scenic [paths] . )

The system of `` Red Routes `` ( urban clearways with stringent parking restrictions ) , currently under trial in London , would be extended , after initial studies showed that it had proved successful in cutting journey times by up to 30 per cent .
the system of `` red [paths] `` ( urban clearways with stringent parking restrictions ) , currently under trial in london , would be extended , after initial studies showed that it had proved successful in cutting journey times by up to 30 per cent .

The study concludes that , in order to carry out repairs and prevent further deterioration , heavy lorries will have to be banned from the roads affected , which include a number of A-class trunk routes .
the study concludes that , in order to carry out repairs and prevent further deterioration , heavy lorries will have to be banned from the roads affected , which include a number of a-class trunk [paths] .

One of the most common routes is the hepatic-tracheal .
one of the most common [paths] is the hepatic-tracheal .

Transferability is emphasized and pupils are encouraged to view concept/keyword maps as evolving access routes to the information contained within the system and , as shown above , they can themselves be proactive rather than passive users when they define concept/keyword maps for the librarian to index resources from .
transferability is emphasized and pupils are encouraged to view concept/keyword maps as evolving access [paths] to the information contained within the system and , as shown above , they can themselves be proactive rather than passive users when they define concept/keyword maps for the librarian to index resources from .

Thus the alternate routes could be seen either as a personality pathway or an experience pathway , which are probably closely interrelated .
thus the alternate [paths] could be seen either as a personality pathway or an experience pathway , which are probably closely interrelated .

We shall also use an electrical system , in Section 24.4 , to illustrate the topic of ‘ routes to chaos ’ .
we shall also use an electrical system , in section 24.4 , to illustrate the topic of ‘ [paths] to chaos ’ .

24.4 Routes to chaos
24.4 [paths] to chaos

The topic of transition to chaos or ‘ routes to chaos ’ is remarkable for — what at first sounds paradoxical — its simultaneous universality and diversity .
the topic of transition to chaos or ‘ [paths] to chaos ’ is remarkable for — what at first sounds paradoxical — its simultaneous universality and diversity .

On the other hand , there are various quite distinct routes , and a single mathematical or physical system may exhibit more than one of them ; a change in some parameter can lead to a qualitative change in the route adopted as a second parameter is varied .
on the other hand , there are various quite distinct [paths] , and a single mathematical or physical system may exhibit more than one of them ; a change in some parameter can lead to a qualitative change in the route adopted as a second parameter is varied .

Readers wanting a definitive account of routes to chaos should turn to , e.g .
readers wanting a definitive account of [paths] to chaos should turn to , e.g .

The above observations involve a variety of routes to chaos .
the above observations involve a variety of [paths] to chaos .

In particular one may ask whether the established routes to chaos ( Section 24.4 ) are to be found during transition to turbulence .
in particular one may ask whether the established [paths] to chaos ( section 24.4 ) are to be found during transition to turbulence .

Since there is a body of theory associated with these routes , some of it of considerable generality , identification of one of the routes implies that the transition is at least partially understood .
since there is a body of theory associated with these [paths] , some of it of considerable generality , identification of one of the [paths] implies that the transition is at least partially understood .

The short answer is that several of the routes have been identified in fluid transition experiments , but that the significance of this for transition in general is currently very uncertain .
the short answer is that several of the [paths] have been identified in fluid transition experiments , but that the significance of this for transition in general is currently very uncertain .

We illustrate the point by presenting briefly the results of experiments in which two of the routes introduced in Section 24.4 , the period-doubling route and the intermittency route , were found .
we illustrate the point by presenting briefly the results of experiments in which two of the [paths] introduced in section 24.4 , the period-doubling route and the intermittency route , were found .

An obvious question is posed by this diversity of routes : when does each occur ?
an obvious question is posed by this diversity of [paths] : when does each occur ?

known routes to chaos will be identified in other flows by more refined experiments ;
known [paths] to chaos will be identified in other flows by more refined experiments ;

new routes to chaos will be found and related to these flows ; or
new [paths] to chaos will be found and related to these flows ; or

They have , for example , been particularly useful in the studies of the details of transition that have been related to ‘ routes to chaos ’ , as discussed in Section 24.7 .
they have , for example , been particularly useful in the studies of the details of transition that have been related to ‘ [paths] to chaos ’ , as discussed in section 24.7 .

The introduction of diseases by Europeans much reduced the population , perhaps by as much as 95 % , the epidemics spreading ahead of the ‘ contact ’ via a network of trading routes , which connected the peoples to the Andean civilizations .
the introduction of diseases by europeans much reduced the population , perhaps by as much as 95 % , the epidemics spreading ahead of the ‘ contact ’ via a network of trading [paths] , which connected the peoples to the andean civilizations .

Again , species of Gigantochloa ( Gramineae ) in western Malesia were probably taken by humans from Burma , where the genus is certainly native , and other bamboos may also have travelled along the ancient maritime spice routes between China , India , Sri Lanka and Indonesia .
again , species of gigantochloa ( gramineae ) in western malesia were probably taken by humans from burma , where the genus is certainly native , and other bamboos may also have travelled along the ancient maritime spice [paths] between china , india , sri lanka and indonesia .

Devised by the University of Minnesota , it is a way of short cutting the routes through Internet which can also take advantage of using other host computers which are less busy ( e.g .
devised by the university of minnesota , it is a way of short cutting the [paths] through internet which can also take advantage of using other host computers which are less busy ( e.g .

Research libraries require a new breed of professionals with both subject and technical background to support new access routes to information .
research libraries require a new breed of professionals with both subject and technical background to support new access [paths] to information .

Texas drove some beasts to New Orleans and after 1849 to California , but it was the promise of the great north-eastern market which urged ranchers to explore those long routes which have become part of the heroic romance of the ‘ Wild West ’ , linking the remote south-west with the slowly approaching railheads and through them with the giant transport centre of Chicago , whose stockyards were opened in 1865 .
texas drove some beasts to new orleans and after 1849 to california , but it was the promise of the great north-eastern market which urged ranchers to explore those long [paths] which have become part of the heroic romance of the ‘ wild west ’ , linking the remote south-west with the slowly approaching railheads and through them with the giant transport centre of chicago , whose stockyards were opened in 1865 .

New routes were sometimes opened up by technology , such as the railway which brought the Bretons to Paris , to lose their faith ( as the proverb had it ) at the gates of the Gare Montparnasse , and to supply the brothels of the city with their most characteristic inhabitants .
new [paths] were sometimes opened up by technology , such as the railway which brought the bretons to paris , to lose their faith ( as the proverb had it ) at the gates of the gare montparnasse , and to supply the brothels of the city with their most characteristic inhabitants .

If judges carry out their duty of assessing damages for non-economic loss in the money of the day at the date of the trial — and this is a rule of practice that judges are required to follow , not a guideline from which they have a discretion to depart if there are special circumstances that justify their doing so — there are two routes by which the judge 's task of arriving at the appropriate conventional rate of interest to be applied to the damages so assessed can be approached .
if judges carry out their duty of assessing damages for non-economic loss in the money of the day at the date of the trial — and this is a rule of practice that judges are required to follow , not a guideline from which they have a discretion to depart if there are special circumstances that justify their doing so — there are two [paths] by which the judge 's task of arriving at the appropriate conventional rate of interest to be applied to the damages so assessed can be approached .

Slimane Bekki and John Pyle said they could not calculate the effect on ozone depletion , but believed the northern hemisphere would be worst affected , because it has most of the main air routes .
slimane bekki and john pyle said they could not calculate the effect on ozone depletion , but believed the northern hemisphere would be worst affected , because it has most of the main air [paths] .

The court ordered them to carry out surveys of how the birds would be affected and to prepare alternative routes for the pipeline .
the court ordered them to carry out surveys of how the birds would be affected and to prepare alternative [paths] for the pipeline .

The committee calls for international agreements on improved tanker design and insurance cover , and calls on the DTp to issue strict guidelines on tanker routes .
the committee calls for international agreements on improved tanker design and insurance cover , and calls on the dtp to issue strict guidelines on tanker [paths] .

It noted that introduction of modern oil industry technology could reduce damage to the environment and condemned the unplanned quarrying of local sands for construction , the disruption to drainage caused by poorly designed roads , and the failure to build roads , pipelines , pylons and seismic survey lines along the same routes .
it noted that introduction of modern oil industry technology could reduce damage to the environment and condemned the unplanned quarrying of local sands for construction , the disruption to drainage caused by poorly designed roads , and the failure to build roads , pipelines , pylons and seismic survey lines along the same [paths] .

But pressure group Transport 2000 expressed concern about the lack of controls on maximum distance ; it is calling for the lorries to be restricted to designated routes .
but pressure group transport 2000 expressed concern about the lack of controls on maximum distance ; it is calling for the lorries to be restricted to designated [paths] .

Oil spills from the nearby tanker routes , coupled with stormwater run-off , are the main causes of a growing marine pollution problem .
oil spills from the nearby tanker [paths] , coupled with stormwater run-off , are the main causes of a growing marine pollution problem .

Rest Centres have been earmarked and routes and alerting procedures pre-planned .
rest centres have been earmarked and [paths] and alerting procedures pre-planned .

Some routes were planned , climbing from valleys to moorland pastures and shielings for summer grazing .
some [paths] were planned , climbing from valleys to moorland pastures and shielings for summer grazing .

We have begun the job of raising educational standards and breaking down the barriers between the vocational and the academic routes .
we have begun the job of raising educational standards and breaking down the barriers between the vocational and the academic [paths] .

Today the routes are much the same but we are switching to satellites , fibre cables and electronic gadgets which combine mouse-like size with mammoth capacity .
today the [paths] are much the same but we are switching to satellites , fibre cables and electronic gadgets which combine mouse-like size with mammoth capacity .

Various rationales have been suggested for third party rights in communication routes .
various rationales have been suggested for third party rights in communication [paths] .

Where the treaty language indicates the parties ' intention that the Canal shall have international usage , that the regime shall be permanent , and is to further the global need for open communication routes it seems that third party rights must be recognised .
where the treaty language indicates the parties ' intention that the canal shall have international usage , that the regime shall be permanent , and is to further the global need for open communication [paths] it seems that third party rights must be recognised .

Indeed , if transit passage could be held applicable to third parties as a general rule of international law of navigation rights through strategic communication routes , the United States has little to lose by refusal to become a party to the Convention .
indeed , if transit passage could be held applicable to third parties as a general rule of international law of navigation rights through strategic communication [paths] , the united states has little to lose by refusal to become a party to the convention .

Over 300 miles of gruelling mountain routes should test a sled thoroughly .
over 300 miles of gruelling mountain [paths] should test a sled thoroughly .

The routes cross at Stockport .
the [paths] cross at stockport .

Bert Burnell sees it in the number of passengers travelling on each of his routes .
bert burnell sees it in the number of passengers travelling on each of his [paths] .

Dentdale is superb walking country : the high ridge walks along Rise Hill and Barbon Fell are amongst the best in the Dales , while lower down , the Dales Way long-distance path follows the river for much of its length into Sedbergh , and some of the wooded gills like Flinter Gill , which arc a typical feature of Dentdale , have footpaths along them leading on to the fells or on to the old packhorse routes .
dentdale is superb walking country : the high ridge walks along rise hill and barbon fell are amongst the best in the dales , while lower down , the dales way long-distance path follows the river for much of its length into sedbergh , and some of the wooded gills like flinter gill , which arc a typical feature of dentdale , have footpaths along them leading on to the fells or on to the old packhorse [paths] .

Providing a refreshing exception to the plethora of Goochies and Emberses , he has long revelled in the nickname of ‘ Map ’ , one reflecting an uncommon knowledge of the circuit 's quickest routes and choicest hotels .
providing a refreshing exception to the plethora of goochies and emberses , he has long revelled in the nickname of ‘ map ’ , one reflecting an uncommon knowledge of the circuit 's quickest [paths] and choicest hotels .

When the remainder of the known fortified sites are plotted on a map ( fig. 7.1 ) most of them are seen to be distributed along three routes :
when the remainder of the known fortified sites are plotted on a map ( fig. 7.1 ) most of them are seen to be distributed along three [paths] :

Additional routes on which your pass is valid will start in 1992 including a special Rembrandt cruise running for the duration of the Rembrandt Exhibition ( 1st January-1st March 1992 ) .
additional [paths] on which your pass is valid will start in 1992 including a special rembrandt cruise running for the duration of the rembrandt exhibition ( 1st january-1st march 1992 ) .

Set of four specially produced shopping/sightseeing guides with maps and recommended routes .
set of four specially produced shopping/sightseeing guides with maps and recommended [paths] .

Later choose one of our recommended cycle routes and visit the Castle of Muiden or the village of Bussum ( a leisurely 4 hour and 2 hour round trip respectively ) .
later choose one of our recommended cycle [paths] and visit the castle of muiden or the village of bussum ( a leisurely 4 hour and 2 hour round trip respectively ) .

Day Three : After a hearty Dutch breakfast study the variety of cycle tours available in the Amsterdam Travel Service recommended cycle routes .
day three : after a hearty dutch breakfast study the variety of cycle tours available in the amsterdam travel service recommended cycle [paths] .

Included also in all cycle holidays is a detailed area map showing the cycle routes of the region and our exclusive guidebook to cycling in Holland with useful tips to help you get the most of your stay .
included also in all cycle holidays is a detailed area map showing the cycle [paths] of the region and our exclusive guidebook to cycling in holland with useful tips to help you get the most of your stay .

The guidebook features a number of recommended cycle routes in the Garden of Amsterdam , each one tried and tested and giving the approximate distance and time you should allow to cover the journey at a leisurely pace .
the guidebook features a number of recommended cycle [paths] in the garden of amsterdam , each one tried and tested and giving the approximate distance and time you should allow to cover the journey at a leisurely pace .

Full colour map showing the cycle routes in the Garden of Amsterdam Region .
full colour map showing the cycle [paths] in the garden of amsterdam region .

The exclusive Amsterdam Travel Service Cycle Route booklet specially compiled with a variety of routes of differing duration covering the region 's most interesting and beautiful places .
the exclusive amsterdam travel service cycle route booklet specially compiled with a variety of [paths] of differing duration covering the region 's most interesting and beautiful places .

Start your holiday with a relaxing short cruise on the large and comfortable ships with choice of the following routes Harwich-Hook of Holland with Sealing Stena Line , Hill-Rotterdam with North Sea Ferries or Sheerness-Vlissengen with Olau Line .
start your holiday with a relaxing short cruise on the large and comfortable ships with choice of the following [paths] harwich-hook of holland with sealing stena line , hill-rotterdam with north sea ferries or sheerness-vlissengen with olau line .

The ships on all these routes are modern and well equipped with extensive facilities including cinemas , nightclubs , restaurants , duty free shops , bars , children 's playrooms and even casinos .
the ships on all these [paths] are modern and well equipped with extensive facilities including cinemas , nightclubs , restaurants , duty free shops , bars , children 's playrooms and even casinos .

Please note : Hoverspeed coach and some self-drive routes travel via France .
please note : hoverspeed coach and some self-drive [paths] travel via france .

Land routes also defined the geographical shape of the Angevin dominions .
land [paths] also defined the geographical shape of the angevin dominions .

These multiplied especially along the routes and inland waterways of the region .
these multiplied especially along the [paths] and inland waterways of the region .

The pilgrimage route from northern and eastern France to Compostella via Roncevaux and the Basque country passed through the duchy of Aquitaine and its neighbouring lordships , so that the nobility of the region benefited from the péages ( tolls ) levied on these routes .
the pilgrimage route from northern and eastern france to compostella via roncevaux and the basque country passed through the duchy of aquitaine and its neighbouring lordships , so that the nobility of the region benefited from the péages ( tolls ) levied on these [paths] .

Competition in bus services may mean heavy traffic on well-used routes and no service on others .
competition in bus services may mean heavy traffic on well-used [paths] and no service on others .

Railway ( Regular steam hauled routes )
railway ( regular steam hauled [paths] )

We , and others , recommend that a sample should be obtained after one hour for both routes and are pleased to receive one at all , for it immediately involves the medical microbiologist in the care of the patient , and close cooperation is important .
we , and others , recommend that a sample should be obtained after one hour for both [paths] and are pleased to receive one at all , for it immediately involves the medical microbiologist in the care of the patient , and close cooperation is important .

But such broad surveys necessarily include a wide range of parasites , which differ not only in transmission routes but in many other aspects of their natural history .
but such broad surveys necessarily include a wide range of parasites , which differ not only in transmission [paths] but in many other aspects of their natural history .

As one of us wrote only two years ago , ‘ comparisons of the virulence of parasite taxa utilizing different transmission routes from similar hosts are not yet possible ’ .
as one of us wrote only two years ago , ‘ comparisons of the virulence of parasite taxa utilizing different transmission [paths] from similar hosts are not yet possible ’ .

Thus , the wasp-nematode relationships ranged from commensal to clearly parasitic , in accord with their different transmission routes .
thus , the wasp-nematode relationships ranged from commensal to clearly parasitic , in accord with their different transmission [paths] .

We assume in this section that the program offers the teacher adequate flexibility , ie , the various routes must be easily accessible from the program control .
we assume in this section that the program offers the teacher adequate flexibility , ie , the various [paths] must be easily accessible from the program control .

Although words can be processed by a number of different routes , for skilled readers the lexical route is the most attractive .
although words can be processed by a number of different [paths] , for skilled readers the lexical route is the most attractive .

Bees , ants and some other Aculeate Hymenoptera remember the visual landmarks they use in following routes to and from their nests .
bees , ants and some other aculeate hymenoptera remember the visual landmarks they use in following [paths] to and from their nests .

Alternative routes and on-the-job opportunities to learn and get promoted
alternative [paths] and on-the-job opportunities to learn and get promoted

It is especially important that no breaks in the skin occur during shaving as these act as routes for bacteria to enter .
it is especially important that no breaks in the skin occur during shaving as these act as [paths] for bacteria to enter .

Compacts are one route for recruitment but they exist alongside established recruitment routes , and employers are not likely to abandon these in the foreseeable future .
compacts are one route for recruitment but they exist alongside established recruitment [paths] , and employers are not likely to abandon these in the foreseeable future .

The councils have ‘ tackled a great variety of jobs : commenting on local plans , clearing up their area , dealing with traffic problems , organising carol services and other social events , protesting about bus routes and becoming involved in the many other neighbourhood activities so typical of residents ' groups and parish pump politics ’ ( Boaden et al .
the councils have ‘ tackled a great variety of jobs : commenting on local plans , clearing up their area , dealing with traffic problems , organising carol services and other social events , protesting about bus [paths] and becoming involved in the many other neighbourhood activities so typical of residents ' groups and parish pump politics ’ ( boaden et al .

Routes for social mobility
[paths] for social mobility

All education has informal as well as formal content , and elite routes generate cultural capital through the ‘ social and cultural unity among those who possess superior life chances ’ ( Scott , 1982 , p. 162 ) .
all education has informal as well as formal content , and elite [paths] generate cultural capital through the ‘ social and cultural unity among those who possess superior life chances ’ ( scott , 1982 , p. 162 ) .

It could , for example , contain information about wiring and plumbing routes hidden from view .
it could , for example , contain information about wiring and plumbing [paths] hidden from view .

For 1992 our programme is based on the following routes : Ramsgate — Dunkerque ; Dover — Calais ; Dover — Boulogne .
for 1992 our programme is based on the following [paths] : ramsgate — dunkerque ; dover — calais ; dover — boulogne .

The 1992 Gîtes de France brochure contains more than 2500 properties and a choice of 22 ferry routes .
the 1992 gîtes de france brochure contains more than 2500 properties and a choice of 22 ferry [paths] .

At other times , they waged an incessant guerrilla war , attacking isolated Roman garrisons , ambushing caravans , cutting supply routes .
at other times , they waged an incessant guerrilla war , attacking isolated roman garrisons , ambushing caravans , cutting supply [paths] .

In its location there , on the Atlantic coast of north-western Spain , it appears to have received a constantly renewed nourishment and impetus through the maritime trade routes from Egypt and the eastern Mediterranean .
in its location there , on the atlantic coast of north-western spain , it appears to have received a constantly renewed nourishment and impetus through the maritime trade [paths] from egypt and the eastern mediterranean .

Social routes into heroin use
social [paths] into heroin use

Practically all routes likely to be used by visitors pass along or cross Princes Street .
practically all [paths] likely to be used by visitors pass along or cross princes street .

Regular bus services along all major routes in town .
regular bus services along all major [paths] in town .

In schools where this game is played , the school staff are called by the names of the officers and guards of the camp , the exits of the school are named after escape routes from Colditz Castle and they are treated as such when the pupils bicycle out of school .
in schools where this game is played , the school staff are called by the names of the officers and guards of the camp , the exits of the school are named after escape [paths] from colditz castle and they are treated as such when the pupils bicycle out of school .

Among the various available routes from Florence to Siena , the quickest is undoubtedly the motorway link .
among the various available [paths] from florence to siena , the quickest is undoubtedly the motorway link .

He began as a rock climber , opening new routes on the Provencal ‘ super-cliff ’ of Ceuse , and entered enthusiastically into the athletic rigours of the new generation of sport climbers .
he began as a rock climber , opening new [paths] on the provencal ‘ super-cliff ’ of ceuse , and entered enthusiastically into the athletic rigours of the new generation of sport climbers .

Lafaille 's alpine career proved equally brilliant : first winter solo of Divine Providence on Mont Blanc 's Grand Pilier d'Angle ; winter solos of the Bonatti and the Swiss routes on the Grand Capucin ; and first winter solo of the American Direct on the Drus .
lafaille 's alpine career proved equally brilliant : first winter solo of divine providence on mont blanc 's grand pilier d'angle ; winter solos of the bonatti and the swiss [paths] on the grand capucin ; and first winter solo of the american direct on the drus .

Last summer he took his solitary art one stage further , opening two new routes on Mont Blanc in a single trip .
last summer he took his solitary art one stage further , opening two new [paths] on mont blanc in a single trip .

In recent years the alpine trend has been for less adventurous climbing : bolted instant classics from climbers ' such as Michel Piola — safe rock routes with a savage backdrop .
in recent years the alpine trend has been for less adventurous climbing : bolted instant classics from climbers ' such as michel piola — safe rock [paths] with a savage backdrop .

The debate about the future direction of hard rock-climbing — longer stamina routes or short power climbs — continues .
the debate about the future direction of hard rock-climbing — longer stamina [paths] or short power climbs — continues .

The Roaches Valkyrie is one of the longest routes in the area , finding a sneaky way up a superb buttress with engrossing climbing , good protection and exemplary rock . What more could a climber ask for ?
the roaches valkyrie is one of the longest [paths] in the area , finding a sneaky way up a superb buttress with engrossing climbing , good protection and exemplary rock . what more could a climber ask for ?

We had ticked the best three routes on the cliff and were well pleased with our day : a buttress , a crack and an overhang , all of peerless quality .
we had ticked the best three [paths] on the cliff and were well pleased with our day : a buttress , a crack and an overhang , all of peerless quality .

Of course the ‘ big three ’ are only the tip of the iceberg — there are dozens more brilliant routes at the Roaches , including one classic of a style that had been left unrepresented by our day out .
of course the ‘ big three ’ are only the tip of the iceberg — there are dozens more brilliant [paths] at the roaches , including one classic of a style that had been left unrepresented by our day out .

One of the most important gritstone outcrops in the country with over 300 routes on superb , rounded gritstone .
one of the most important gritstone outcrops in the country with over 300 [paths] on superb , rounded gritstone .

The alternative on steepening rock is to begin abseiling , and on popular routes bunches of pegs and slings indicate the points at which such tactics are usually adopted .
the alternative on steepening rock is to begin abseiling , and on popular [paths] bunches of pegs and slings indicate the points at which such tactics are usually adopted .

The left hand side of the cliff ( Secteurs Brazza to Maria 's Lovers ) has mainly short routes of up to 20 metres .
the left hand side of the cliff ( secteurs brazza to maria 's lovers ) has mainly short [paths] of up to 20 metres .

With development starting in 1984 , the first guidebook not appearing until 1989 , and comparatively more difficult access than the virtually roadside Collias , even the easiest routes here are still unpolished .
with development starting in 1984 , the first guidebook not appearing until 1989 , and comparatively more difficult access than the virtually roadside collias , even the easiest [paths] here are still unpolished .

As you would expect , most of the routes in this area are in the 7a-plus league , including a quartet of 8a+ 's taking the hanging stalactites : Quart de Siécle , Maelstrom , Eau de Colonne and Pipe Line .
as you would expect , most of the [paths] in this area are in the 7a-plus league , including a quartet of 8a+ 's taking the hanging stalactites : quart de siécle , maelstrom , eau de colonne and pipe line .

With the exception of a few intervening slabs , the routes are always steep , rarely less than overhanging or more than 25m , on near perfect rock and well equipped with bolts and chains for ‘ moulinette ’ .
with the exception of a few intervening slabs , the [paths] are always steep , rarely less than overhanging or more than 25m , on near perfect rock and well equipped with bolts and chains for ‘ moulinette ’ .

With very few exceptions , almost all the routes are on rough , near-virgin limestone , for only a small number of the easier classics have become polished — sadly , but perhaps inevitably , including the superb slabby pillar of Marie ( HVS5b ) .
with very few exceptions , almost all the [paths] are on rough , near-virgin limestone , for only a small number of the easier classics have become polished — sadly , but perhaps inevitably , including the superb slabby pillar of marie ( hvs5b ) .

We had no time left to visit the extreme right sector ( Top Secret ) which had nine routes of around English 5c in the 1989 guide , but now has many more .
we had no time left to visit the extreme right sector ( top secret ) which had nine [paths] of around english 5c in the 1989 guide , but now has many more .

The Trail of Bones , one of the most dangerous trading routes in the Darakorum , guards the way to the Chong Kumdan massif . Lindsay Griffin braved its perils to attempt this remote group of unclimbed Indian peaks
the trail of bones , one of the most dangerous trading [paths] in the darakorum , guards the way to the chong kumdan massif . lindsay griffin braved its perils to attempt this remote group of unclimbed indian peaks

To reach it would mean travelling along one of the world 's great international trade routes , linking Leh with the central Asian province of Yarkand .
to reach it would mean travelling along one of the world 's great international trade [paths] , linking leh with the central asian province of yarkand .

The is the point where the cliff swings round to form the dramatic and much less amenable territory of the south face — home to a number of spectacular routes .
the is the point where the cliff swings round to form the dramatic and much less amenable territory of the south face — home to a number of spectacular [paths] .

From the bifurcation of the two routes , Cool for Cats moves airily up the shallowest of grooves above the semi-rest , with more Stennis jugs for company , to a stopping place beneath a faintly bulging section which bars entry to the more pronounced line on the right flank of the blunt arête .
from the bifurcation of the two [paths] , cool for cats moves airily up the shallowest of grooves above the semi-rest , with more stennis jugs for company , to a stopping place beneath a faintly bulging section which bars entry to the more pronounced line on the right flank of the blunt arête .

Although Stennis lacks the scope and sheer number of routes to be found at nearby St Govan 's Head , its climbs certainly make up in quality for any lack of quantity .
although stennis lacks the scope and sheer number of [paths] to be found at nearby st govan 's head , its climbs certainly make up in quality for any lack of quantity .

There follows a detailed analysis of the important moves , indeed , the important holds , before Gordon reiterates his belief that it is surely one of the finest routes known to man .
there follows a detailed analysis of the important moves , indeed , the important holds , before gordon reiterates his belief that it is surely one of the finest [paths] known to man .

One of the rare continental visitors to a Britain , he found the bolted sport climbs of Yorkshire to his liking — but was not shy of climbing routes with natural protection — and his on-sight flashes at Malhal and Kilnsey astonished many locals .
one of the rare continental visitors to a britain , he found the bolted sport climbs of yorkshire to his liking — but was not shy of climbing [paths] with natural protection — and his on-sight flashes at malhal and kilnsey astonished many locals .

In a day 's outing on the 30 degrees overhanging climbs at Volx , Provence , he will top-rope several 7c routes , downclimbing them as well .
in a day 's outing on the 30 degrees overhanging climbs at volx , provence , he will top-rope several 7c [paths] , downclimbing them as well .

Created by Steve Chadwick , ‘ The Bunker ’ features a variety of climbing surfaces including a 45 degrees overhanging wall , a two metres roof , a number of mini routes and a slab for beginners .
created by steve chadwick , ‘ the bunker ’ features a variety of climbing surfaces including a 45 degrees overhanging wall , a two metres roof , a number of mini [paths] and a slab for beginners .

The majority of the routes on the Ormes were not climbed as sport climbs , but as traditional routes where the second played a crucial role .
the majority of the [paths] on the ormes were not climbed as sport climbs , but as traditional [paths] where the second played a crucial role .

So to new routes .
so to new [paths] .

Glorious weather has brought increased activity ; new routes can be faxed to me on .
glorious weather has brought increased activity ; new [paths] can be faxed to me on .

The book wastes no time in stressing in its first paragraph the medical hazards of climbing these mountains , on which one can rapidly gain height up the accessible tourist routes to altitudes high enough to cause acute mountain sickness .
the book wastes no time in stressing in its first paragraph the medical hazards of climbing these mountains , on which one can rapidly gain height up the accessible tourist [paths] to altitudes high enough to cause acute mountain sickness .

The greater part of the book is devoted to descriptions of the many climbing routes on the several peaks of Mount Kenya , and the smaller number of routes on Kilimanjaro and its satellite Mawenzi .
the greater part of the book is devoted to descriptions of the many climbing [paths] on the several peaks of mount kenya , and the smaller number of [paths] on kilimanjaro and its satellite mawenzi .

The Mount Kenya routes are the most important in terms of their quality and popularity , and the detailed descriptions are supplemented by topo diagrams for the most significant of them .
the mount kenya [paths] are the most important in terms of their quality and popularity , and the detailed descriptions are supplemented by topo diagrams for the most significant of them .

No post-1980 routes are described in this 1990 revision .
no post-1980 [paths] are described in this 1990 revision .

The vast majority of those who go to Mount Kenya and Kilimanjaro are walkers rather than climbers , and the book deals with many of the excellent walking and approach routes through the surrounding forests .
the vast majority of those who go to mount kenya and kilimanjaro are walkers rather than climbers , and the book deals with many of the excellent walking and approach [paths] through the surrounding forests .

The arrival of the Bosigran guide has provoked a complaint to the Climbers ' Club from local activist Rowland Edwards that a comment in the historical section , which claims he is unwilling to release information on his new routes , has misrepresented his position .
the arrival of the bosigran guide has provoked a complaint to the climbers ' club from local activist rowland edwards that a comment in the historical section , which claims he is unwilling to release information on his new [paths] , has misrepresented his position .

Edwards denies this is the case , but in the September issue of Climber and Hill Walker , Mark Edwards was reported as having said he would not report any of his new routes ( or indeed whole areas of development ) until they received a second ascent .
edwards denies this is the case , but in the september issue of climber and hill walker , mark edwards was reported as having said he would not report any of his new [paths] ( or indeed whole areas of development ) until they received a second ascent .

But the main thing is for people to get out there and enjoy the routes .
but the main thing is for people to get out there and enjoy the [paths] .

The announcement that some routes in the area , which is visited by over 2,000 climbers a year , are to be equipped for ‘ environmental ’ reasons came in a press release that effectively throws down the gauntlet to the sport 's governing body .
the announcement that some [paths] in the area , which is visited by over 2,000 climbers a year , are to be equipped for ‘ environmental ’ reasons came in a press release that effectively throws down the gauntlet to the sport 's governing body .

The heatwave which stole Ivano 's snowfields has also been wreaking rockfall havoc around the massif , with many normally safe routes becoming places to tread warily .
the heatwave which stole ivano 's snowfields has also been wreaking rockfall havoc around the massif , with many normally safe [paths] becoming places to tread warily .

With this discovery and the slate boom of the mid-80s , numerous worthwhile routes were produced on the Rainbow .
with this discovery and the slate boom of the mid-80s , numerous worthwhile [paths] were produced on the rainbow .

The place is obviously popular with climbers seeking something other than the frenetic commercialism of Zermatt or Chamonix , but also quality routes at all grades .
the place is obviously popular with climbers seeking something other than the frenetic commercialism of zermatt or chamonix , but also quality [paths] at all grades .

Big serious routes on its south and west faces on perfect granite do n't appear in Collomb , but details are easily gained if you can speak and read French .
big serious [paths] on its south and west faces on perfect granite do n't appear in collomb , but details are easily gained if you can speak and read french .

This is one of the commonest routes from Europe , although Luftansa fly to La Paz from Frankfurt .
this is one of the commonest [paths] from europe , although luftansa fly to la paz from frankfurt .

The rumours about new routes being done on Orkney have been confirmed .
the rumours about new [paths] being done on orkney have been confirmed .

There is concern at the moment that reporting new routes from Lundy in magazines might affect guide sales .
there is concern at the moment that reporting new [paths] from lundy in magazines might affect guide sales .

At Anstey 's Cove , Mark Campbell has produced his first two routes .
at anstey 's cove , mark campbell has produced his first two [paths] .

Despite the loss of American Airlines , the airport is bullish , announcing more new routes .
despite the loss of american airlines , the airport is bullish , announcing more new [paths] .

The Irish Republic link is the first in a number of new routes planned by Manx , using new British Aerospace Jetstream 41 aircraft .
the irish republic link is the first in a number of new [paths] planned by manx , using new british aerospace jetstream 41 aircraft .

‘ American would be back very rapidly if Stansted was given a much fairer opportunity to operate new routes , ’ added Mr Hobbs .
‘ american would be back very rapidly if stansted was given a much fairer opportunity to operate new [paths] , ’ added mr hobbs .

‘ The lack of authority to build up a network of trans-Atlantic routes from Stansted was another factor in this decision , ’ said Mr Mirka .
‘ the lack of authority to build up a network of trans-atlantic [paths] from stansted was another factor in this decision , ’ said mr mirka .

The reward for the hard work is that a much better system of advanced courses is now in place , giving better service to employers and providing candidates with many more opportunities , with greater flexibility and with greatly improved progression routes from National Certificate Modules all the way through to degrees .
the reward for the hard work is that a much better system of advanced courses is now in place , giving better service to employers and providing candidates with many more opportunities , with greater flexibility and with greatly improved progression [paths] from national certificate modules all the way through to degrees .

To dispose of any remaining waste by approved routes .
to dispose of any remaining waste by approved [paths] .

New awards in engineering practice are being developed to provide clear progression routes from the relevant national awards in engineering practice .
new awards in engineering practice are being developed to provide clear progression [paths] from the relevant national awards in engineering practice .

There will be clear routes of progression to enable movement between awards in both categories .
there will be clear [paths] of progression to enable movement between awards in both categories .

Alternative routes to certification
alternative [paths] to certification

Fell walkers organiser Dave Griffiths said : ‘ Each walk is governed by weather conditions on the day which is why we have four planned routes .
fell walkers organiser dave griffiths said : ‘ each walk is governed by weather conditions on the day which is why we have four planned [paths] .

If this were so , it suggests the need for good quality pre-entry information and advice so that adults are aware of the academic demands of the courses and of progression routes to their preferred courses .
if this were so , it suggests the need for good quality pre-entry information and advice so that adults are aware of the academic demands of the courses and of progression [paths] to their preferred courses .

What he found additionally gratifying was the way some intermediaries and fund providers approached opportunities on a lateral basis , proposing supporting roles and other disposal routes .
what he found additionally gratifying was the way some intermediaries and fund providers approached opportunities on a lateral basis , proposing supporting roles and other disposal [paths] .

The journey to Stowmarket was doubled in time , as we changed routes to avoid fallen trees .
the journey to stowmarket was doubled in time , as we changed [paths] to avoid fallen trees .

Report by Director of Planning to the Planning and Development Committee on the subject of Routes for Pedestrians and Horse Riders .
report by director of planning to the planning and development committee on the subject of [paths] for pedestrians and horse riders .

They can find their way into waterways by a number of routes — mainly via those sewage systems which are not equipped to remove them in the treatment process .
they can find their way into waterways by a number of [paths] — mainly via those sewage systems which are not equipped to remove them in the treatment process .

Every port watched , especially the Irish routes .
every port watched , especially the irish [paths] .

We are improving the network of routes our meter readers follow , so that we use the most efficient and economic pattern of working .
we are improving the network of [paths] our meter readers follow , so that we use the most efficient and economic pattern of working .

The police would channel traffic from Deal , Canterbury and Ramsgate by different routes which would lead them to their allotted car parks .
the police would channel traffic from deal , canterbury and ramsgate by different [paths] which would lead them to their allotted car parks .

They have their own secret routes .
they have their own secret [paths] .

In that time some twenty thousand people would tramp round the marked routes or roost in one of the twenty grandstands .
in that time some twenty thousand people would tramp round the marked [paths] or roost in one of the twenty grandstands .

It is no wonder that the United States keeps such a large navy patrolling the trade routes of the world .
it is no wonder that the united states keeps such a large navy patrolling the trade [paths] of the world .

Shipping , air transport , telephone and telegraph generally follow these routes .
shipping , air transport , telephone and telegraph generally follow these [paths] .

The Black Death , which reached England in 1348 , remained virulent in the following year , and recurred frequently in succeeding centuries , probably originated in central Asia and spread to the Black Sea area along the trans-Asian trade routes .
the black death , which reached england in 1348 , remained virulent in the following year , and recurred frequently in succeeding centuries , probably originated in central asia and spread to the black sea area along the trans-asian trade [paths] .

They also contain information about the sea routes round Brittany , and south to Gascony and the Iberian peninsula , although they are markedly fuller north of Bordeaux ( 63 , pp.24–6 ) .
they also contain information about the sea [paths] round brittany , and south to gascony and the iberian peninsula , although they are markedly fuller north of bordeaux ( 63 , pp.24–6 ) .

The whole of England was linked by a network of carriers ' routes .
the whole of england was linked by a network of carriers ' [paths] .

The North-east coalfield developed early because of access to sea routes to the capital ; the other landlocked coalfields catered only for regional markets before canals and navigable rivers enabled them to lower their prices and until the railways opened up national markets .
the north-east coalfield developed early because of access to sea [paths] to the capital ; the other landlocked coalfields catered only for regional markets before canals and navigable rivers enabled them to lower their prices and until the railways opened up national markets .

The following are both conceivable routes : The net result is the same by either rate .
the following are both conceivable [paths] : the net result is the same by either rate .

Eighteen of Via Rail 's 38 routes were eliminated , with the loss of 2,700 jobs or 38 per cent of the entire Via Rail workforce .
eighteen of via rail 's 38 [paths] were eliminated , with the loss of 2,700 jobs or 38 per cent of the entire via rail workforce .

Much of the mutual exasperation arose from disagreement over the appropriate routes to similar goals .
much of the mutual exasperation arose from disagreement over the appropriate [paths] to similar goals .

Richard Rolle and Margery Kempe found their own routes , not without difficulty , to mystical understanding .
richard rolle and margery kempe found their own [paths] , not without difficulty , to mystical understanding .

Graham Marsden was one of the first people to observe the behaviour and called their movements patrol routes .
graham marsden was one of the first people to observe the behaviour and called their movements patrol [paths] .

This effect was not easily predictable , but seemed to be related to pedestrian trip routes , and the network of pedestrian flows in the city centre .
this effect was not easily predictable , but seemed to be related to pedestrian trip [paths] , and the network of pedestrian flows in the city centre .

Analysis of these data together with data from previous city planning pedestrian surveys on other routes enabled the modelling of flows to extract patterns of pedestrian journeys within the centre .
analysis of these data together with data from previous city planning pedestrian surveys on other [paths] enabled the modelling of flows to extract patterns of pedestrian journeys within the centre .

Subsidy is now allocated to individual routes or batches of routes following a tendering process .
subsidy is now allocated to individual [paths] or batches of [paths] following a tendering process .

It is now common for routes to comprise a mixture of commercial and subsidised times of day , days of week or even geographical sections .
it is now common for [paths] to comprise a mixture of commercial and subsidised times of day , days of week or even geographical sections .

Empirical departures from the aggregate Keynesian consumption function have taken either of two routes .
empirical departures from the aggregate keynesian consumption function have taken either of two [paths] .

For over fifty years selected local bus operators have been given monopoly rights on their routes in return for which they are subject to fares control and expected to plough back any profits from good services to maintain loss-making routes .
for over fifty years selected local bus operators have been given monopoly rights on their [paths] in return for which they are subject to fares control and expected to plough back any profits from good services to maintain loss-making [paths] .

In 1980 the government completely deregulated express buses and introduced some experiments in deregulation of local buses on the grounds that the protection induced inefficiency by the selected operators , and , by causing fares to be higher and services poorer than would otherwise be the case on the more profitable routes , accentuated the move to the car and the further decline of public transport .
in 1980 the government completely deregulated express buses and introduced some experiments in deregulation of local buses on the grounds that the protection induced inefficiency by the selected operators , and , by causing fares to be higher and services poorer than would otherwise be the case on the more profitable [paths] , accentuated the move to the car and the further decline of public transport .

The past few years have seen an unprecedented number of attempts to find new ways of training teachers , by reforming existing routes to Qualified Teachers Status and developing new ones .
the past few years have seen an unprecedented number of attempts to find new ways of training teachers , by reforming existing [paths] to qualified teachers status and developing new ones .

With the emphasis on fun as well as learning , children as young as four years learnt to cook pizzas while older pupils plotted routes on the best way to visit member countries .
with the emphasis on fun as well as learning , children as young as four years learnt to cook pizzas while older pupils plotted [paths] on the best way to visit member countries .

Business Telegraph columnist John Simpson said today the changes mean Ulster 's two airports are free to compete with airlines to attract new routes .
business telegraph columnist john simpson said today the changes mean ulster 's two airports are free to compete with airlines to attract new [paths] .

There are two routes available : a 50-mile circular sponsored cycle from Belfast along Strangford Lough and back , or an optional 25-mile route between Belfast and Comber .
there are two [paths] available : a 50-mile circular sponsored cycle from belfast along strangford lough and back , or an optional 25-mile route between belfast and comber .

yet without answers to these questions and others like them , it is impossible for us fully to understand our own history and , more importantly , impossible to advise today 's emergent nations on the routes they should be following .
yet without answers to these questions and others like them , it is impossible for us fully to understand our own history and , more importantly , impossible to advise today 's emergent nations on the [paths] they should be following .

The fall was also due to abandoning unprofitable routes and aggressive competition from British Rail .
the fall was also due to abandoning unprofitable [paths] and aggressive competition from british rail .

Sir Patrick Mayhew was among 90 MPs and peers who heard the plea for upgrading the main road to Larne and rail and road routes in south-west Scotland and north-west England .
sir patrick mayhew was among 90 mps and peers who heard the plea for upgrading the main road to larne and rail and road [paths] in south-west scotland and north-west england .

Closing times and routes through the Garden
closing times and [paths] through the garden

He could go from bed to window and table , to cupboard and door and fire and wash-handbasin , but only by certain routes .
he could go from bed to window and table , to cupboard and door and fire and wash-handbasin , but only by certain [paths] .

The first covers those sites where the main occupation is focused around the junction of two or more through routes .
the first covers those sites where the main occupation is focused around the junction of two or more through [paths] .

The fourth class of sites is also characterized by an irregular and haphazard network of internal streets and lanes , but one which apparently developed independently of major through routes .
the fourth class of sites is also characterized by an irregular and haphazard network of internal streets and lanes , but one which apparently developed independently of major through [paths] .

They have also been connected with the running of the cursus publicus , the empire-wide postal system created by Augustus for carrying official goods and despatches , and the intermediate stations mansiones and mutationes — along its routes .
they have also been connected with the running of the cursus publicus , the empire-wide postal system created by augustus for carrying official goods and despatches , and the intermediate stations mansiones and mutationes — along its [paths] .

The campaign against the war in Vietnam had taken the orthodox routes of left-wing protest , in the left press , in Peace News , around the Campaign for Peace in Vietnam .
the campaign against the war in vietnam had taken the orthodox [paths] of left-wing protest , in the left press , in peace news , around the campaign for peace in vietnam .

Clicking on this gives direct access to context sensitive help — which supplements the usual routes to online help including a Search command .
clicking on this gives direct access to context sensitive help — which supplements the usual [paths] to online help including a search command .

preparation of decommissioning plan including a safety assessment — describing how all activities will be performed , assessing waste volumes , waste disposal routes , equipment and manpower requirements plus identifying key customer-contractor interfaces ;
preparation of decommissioning plan including a safety assessment — describing how all activities will be performed , assessing waste volumes , waste disposal [paths] , equipment and manpower requirements plus identifying key customer-contractor interfaces ;

Self-sustaining agriculture must move towards greater internal recycling , which means more nutrient and energy flow routes and more complex interactions within the system .
self-sustaining agriculture must move towards greater internal recycling , which means more nutrient and energy flow [paths] and more complex interactions within the system .

For example , gas , water , and electricity utilities require maps showing the locations and attributes of pipelines or transmission lines , and local authorities need maps showing bus routes and frequencies , locations of street lights , or positions of police stations ( to take a few examples ) .
for example , gas , water , and electricity utilities require maps showing the locations and attributes of pipelines or transmission lines , and local authorities need maps showing bus [paths] and frequencies , locations of street lights , or positions of police stations ( to take a few examples ) .

An example of the latter use might be where a sequence of maps showing alternative strategies ( such as routes for a motorway ) was required for demonstration purposes , for example at a public enquiry .
an example of the latter use might be where a sequence of maps showing alternative strategies ( such as [paths] for a motorway ) was required for demonstration purposes , for example at a public enquiry .

For the time being , however , the impact of the voyage was limited to the kudos of returning laden with booty and important information about new trade routes .
for the time being , however , the impact of the voyage was limited to the kudos of returning laden with booty and important information about new trade [paths] .

Pilgrims then came on foot and horseback for hundreds of miles across many countries to pay homage to these relics and churches were erected along the routes to such pilgrimage centres .
pilgrims then came on foot and horseback for hundreds of miles across many countries to pay homage to these relics and churches were erected along the [paths] to such pilgrimage centres .

Its power continued till the fifteenth century , after which it declined in face of competition from new trade routes opening up .
its power continued till the fifteenth century , after which it declined in face of competition from new trade [paths] opening up .

Its strategic value lay in its situation , ideal for commercial use of the trade routes to England and France in the west and Russia and Europe to the east .
its strategic value lay in its situation , ideal for commercial use of the trade [paths] to england and france in the west and russia and europe to the east .

After the Middle Ages , trade routes changed and the island lost its importance .
after the middle ages , trade [paths] changed and the island lost its importance .

‘ In the early Fifties , we all started setting up Resistance networks again , all over Europe , when it looked as if the Soviets were going to come west on the next train : , The Air Force was particularly interested : escape routes for aircrew and so on .
‘ in the early fifties , we all started setting up resistance networks again , all over europe , when it looked as if the soviets were going to come west on the next train : , the air force was particularly interested : escape [paths] for aircrew and so on .

Thus for much of the period after 1760 , canals were important in some areas and over a small number of major routes .
thus for much of the period after 1760 , canals were important in some areas and over a small number of major [paths] .

We fly backwards , retracing old tribal routes — dreamed up , or remembered — and into a city walled with honey-coloured stones , where the sage Hanina sends demons home to Hell with their putative tails between their legs , and where King Solomon outwits mighty Ashmodai , Duke of the Underworld , and makes him do the royal bidding like any human flunkey .
we fly backwards , retracing old tribal [paths] — dreamed up , or remembered — and into a city walled with honey-coloured stones , where the sage hanina sends demons home to hell with their putative tails between their legs , and where king solomon outwits mighty ashmodai , duke of the underworld , and makes him do the royal bidding like any human flunkey .

Omani sailors gained fame for their navigational skills and indeed an Omani pilot guided the first Portuguese ships on the earliest European discovery of the trade routes to the East .
omani sailors gained fame for their navigational skills and indeed an omani pilot guided the first portuguese ships on the earliest european discovery of the trade [paths] to the east .

The helping hand for foreign travellers , a hallmark of Omani hospitality , proved misplaced on that occasion since the Portuguese — having mapped the routes to the lands of silk and spices — simply destroyed the Omani merchant fleets to prevent competition , while they occupied key ports to ensure that no other foreign vessels could pass by .
the helping hand for foreign travellers , a hallmark of omani hospitality , proved misplaced on that occasion since the portuguese — having mapped the [paths] to the lands of silk and spices — simply destroyed the omani merchant fleets to prevent competition , while they occupied key ports to ensure that no other foreign vessels could pass by .

The seafaring Omanis of the Batinah coast had little contact with the interior , but travelled far and wide in search of trade , even building a maritime empire in the area between Portuguese and British domination of the trade routes .
the seafaring omanis of the batinah coast had little contact with the interior , but travelled far and wide in search of trade , even building a maritime empire in the area between portuguese and british domination of the trade [paths] .

The Bill will also provide for the expansion of the successful Thameslink service and create new cross-London routes .
the bill will also provide for the expansion of the successful thameslink service and create new cross-london [paths] .

For the first meeting of our 1990-91 winter programme our invited speaker was Mr Michael Parker of ‘ Centro ’ , the West Midlands Transport Executive , who gave us a fascinating insight into the planning , routes and probable operation of the intended West Midlands light rail system .
for the first meeting of our 1990-91 winter programme our invited speaker was mr michael parker of ‘ centro ’ , the west midlands transport executive , who gave us a fascinating insight into the planning , [paths] and probable operation of the intended west midlands light rail system .

If the Secretary of State has discussed inter-city routes with the chairman of British Rail , will he tell us what is his view , if not the view of Cabinet colleagues , on the privatisation of InterCity ? Will the right hon. and learned Gentleman require the guaranteeing of through routes to all parts of the United Kingdom ? Is he prepared to give a subsidy to maintain those routes to guarantee private profit rather than meet public transport needs ?
if the secretary of state has discussed inter-city [paths] with the chairman of british rail , will he tell us what is his view , if not the view of cabinet colleagues , on the privatisation of intercity ? will the right hon. and learned gentleman require the guaranteeing of through [paths] to all parts of the united kingdom ? is he prepared to give a subsidy to maintain those [paths] to guarantee private profit rather than meet public transport needs ?

It has a distinctive role in Croydon , quite separate from the large further and higher education college and yet there is still considerable collaboration with many joint projects and attention to progress routes into further education and beyond .
it has a distinctive role in croydon , quite separate from the large further and higher education college and yet there is still considerable collaboration with many joint projects and attention to progress [paths] into further education and beyond .

The same could be said of the routes around the west of London .
the same could be said of the [paths] around the west of london .

Routes for the Future
[paths] for the future

Increasing tare without restricting routes a fundamental error .
increasing tare without restricting [paths] a fundamental error .

In 1987 the Community agreed to a package of measures which will create greater fare competition , will allow the airlines to increase market shares at each other 's expense ( rather than maintaining a rigid fifty/fifty split ) and will allow other airlines ( both from the bilateral partners and from other states ) to ply for trade on particular routes .
in 1987 the community agreed to a package of measures which will create greater fare competition , will allow the airlines to increase market shares at each other 's expense ( rather than maintaining a rigid fifty/fifty split ) and will allow other airlines ( both from the bilateral partners and from other states ) to ply for trade on particular [paths] .

In the Grundrisse manuscript of 1857–8 , Marx discussed social development in greater detail , on the basis of a wider historical knowledge which is no longer confined to Europe ; it is in this work that the concept of ‘ Asiatic society ’ is introduced , and as Hobsbawm ( 1964 , p. 32 ) remarked there now seem to be three or four alternative routes out of the primitive communal system : the oriental , the ancient , the Germanic ( or more broadly , feudal ) , and less clearly articulated , the Slavonic .
in the grundrisse manuscript of 1857–8 , marx discussed social development in greater detail , on the basis of a wider historical knowledge which is no longer confined to europe ; it is in this work that the concept of ‘ asiatic society ’ is introduced , and as hobsbawm ( 1964 , p. 32 ) remarked there now seem to be three or four alternative [paths] out of the primitive communal system : the oriental , the ancient , the germanic ( or more broadly , feudal ) , and less clearly articulated , the slavonic .

The Air Services regulation agreed and signed by the Council of Transport Ministers in Luxembourg on 22 June 1992 was certainly clear in its intent : ‘ Whereas air fares should normally be determined freely by market forces … ’ it begins ; with respect to the question of access of competing airlines to particular routes , it continues , ‘ Whereas it is necessary to abolish restrictions concerning multiple designation … ’
the air services regulation agreed and signed by the council of transport ministers in luxembourg on 22 june 1992 was certainly clear in its intent : ‘ whereas air fares should normally be determined freely by market forces … ’ it begins ; with respect to the question of access of competing airlines to particular [paths] , it continues , ‘ whereas it is necessary to abolish restrictions concerning multiple designation … ’

‘ There has always been a monastery here but , in ancient times , when the meadows were flooded you had to use secret routes and pathways to reach it .
‘ there has always been a monastery here but , in ancient times , when the meadows were flooded you had to use secret [paths] and pathways to reach it .

Yet there must be secret routes and trackways into the forest .
yet there must be secret [paths] and trackways into the forest .

Preparation of matrix-isolated samples generally follows one of two basic routes .
preparation of matrix-isolated samples generally follows one of two basic [paths] .

Figure 5.19 in Chapter 5 summarises the main institutions offering further and higher education , and illustrates some of the available routes that schools leavers might follow .
figure 5.19 in chapter 5 summarises the main institutions offering further and higher education , and illustrates some of the available [paths] that schools leavers might follow .

Geodesics on a spherical surface are the well known great circle routes which are frequently used by airlines on intercontinental flights .
geodesics on a spherical surface are the well known great circle [paths] which are frequently used by airlines on intercontinental flights .

89 ) and known routes by which coffins were carried .
89 ) and known [paths] by which coffins were carried .

Incidentally , this picture of the working of Ashington suggests all sorts of local routes to and fro across the parish in performing these various activities .
incidentally , this picture of the working of ashington suggests all sorts of local [paths] to and fro across the parish in performing these various activities .

where Trevor Rowley has been able to explain the many routeways as a reflection of the straker routes of commoners herding animals from lowland settlements to upland pastures .
where trevor rowley has been able to explain the many routeways as a reflection of the straker [paths] of commoners herding animals from lowland settlements to upland pastures .

The main routes chosen were
the main [paths] chosen were

Yet long-distance routes are just as important for cyclists as for motorists .
yet long-distance [paths] are just as important for cyclists as for motorists .

Secondly , cycle routes .
secondly , cycle [paths] .

Yet despite the impressive cycle/pedestrian routes marked within and through the development sites , the Local Plan shows no overall strategy , ie network , of routes .
yet despite the impressive cycle/pedestrian [paths] marked within and through the development sites , the local plan shows no overall strategy , ie network , of [paths] .

Routes have to be worked out on the basis of destinations and topography .
[paths] have to be worked out on the basis of destinations and topography .

But these are just a few specific ideas ; what 's really needed is an overall plan for a cycle network linking the city centre to routes in all the main directions .
but these are just a few specific ideas ; what 's really needed is an overall plan for a cycle network linking the city centre to [paths] in all the main directions .

In summary , the Local Plan should aim for an overall network of cycle routes and take a much bolder approach in its strategies for reducing the impact of the private car .
in summary , the local plan should aim for an overall network of cycle [paths] and take a much bolder approach in its strategies for reducing the impact of the private car .

First , it is essential that cycles be accepted on routes where they are at present accepted — and preferably on all routes .
first , it is essential that cycles be accepted on [paths] where they are at present accepted — and preferably on all [paths] .

If the Capital Budget for safe routes could be used to acquire the land , we through ‘ Spokes ’ and with the involvment of the local community could provide volunteers to do the upgrading of the path .
if the capital budget for safe [paths] could be used to acquire the land , we through ‘ spokes ’ and with the involvment of the local community could provide volunteers to do the upgrading of the path .

3 . Liaising with the transport committees of Regional and District Councils , the Forestry Commission etc. to further the interests of cycling , especially in seeking financial committments and the implementation of local routes ;
3 . liaising with the transport committees of regional and district councils , the forestry commission etc. to further the interests of cycling , especially in seeking financial committments and the implementation of local [paths] ;

We all want quiet , off-road and preferably long-distance routes , and many of us want simple self-catering accommodation .
we all want quiet , off-road and preferably long-distance [paths] , and many of us want simple self-catering accommodation .

Access to the countryside is therefore a problem only where potential routes are broken ; for example there could be a very attractive circular route based from Braemar , proceeding west up the Dee valley to Bridge of Dee and then east along the north side of the valley to return to Braemar , but the final link is blocked by the Mar Estate .
access to the countryside is therefore a problem only where potential [paths] are broken ; for example there could be a very attractive circular route based from braemar , proceeding west up the dee valley to bridge of dee and then east along the north side of the valley to return to braemar , but the final link is blocked by the mar estate .

1 ) to provide a network of long-distance tracks for walkers , cyclists and equestrians , concentrating on scenic , sheltered and traffic-free routes ;
1 ) to provide a network of long-distance tracks for walkers , cyclists and equestrians , concentrating on scenic , sheltered and traffic-free [paths] ;

But Charles the Bald also had a communications-network of his own : in his kingdom , many Roman roads had survived , with a system of public provision of food and transport at regular staging-posts at least along some routes .
but charles the bald also had a communications-network of his own : in his kingdom , many roman roads had survived , with a system of public provision of food and transport at regular staging-posts at least along some [paths] .

Thank you for your letter of 17th August giving details of your proposed new public transport routes in this area .
thank you for your letter of 17th august giving details of your proposed new public transport [paths] in this area .

The advertisement says ‘ All routes finish at Scorton Village Green ’ .
the advertisement says ‘ all [paths] finish at scorton village green ’ .

No previous experience is required although an interest in bus routes and cold soup would prove useful .
no previous experience is required although an interest in bus [paths] and cold soup would prove useful .

The rebels held the ports of Andalusia and Galicia , but the Mediterranean and Pyrenean communication routes were still under Republican control .
the rebels held the ports of andalusia and galicia , but the mediterranean and pyrenean communication [paths] were still under republican control .

give guidance to centres on articulation routes available to candidates .
give guidance to centres on articulation [paths] available to candidates .

The Stage 2 modules are designed to provide the basis for progression in vocational competence and provide the opportunity for negotiating routes to Higher Education included advanced Further Education .
the stage 2 modules are designed to provide the basis for progression in vocational competence and provide the opportunity for negotiating [paths] to higher education included advanced further education .

He set out several routes by which the government could raise employment .
he set out several [paths] by which the government could raise employment .

Some routes would mean that the State 's share of total expenditure would rise ; some would not .
some [paths] would mean that the state 's share of total expenditure would rise ; some would not .

Much route planning will rely on some form of memory for the potential routes available , either in terms of a cognitive map of the environment or procedural knowledge of following the route ( e.g .
much route planning will rely on some form of memory for the potential [paths] available , either in terms of a cognitive map of the environment or procedural knowledge of following the route ( e.g .

The sharing of the workload — decision making — knowledge and experience — has now started to make everyday working smoother and by more direct routes .
the sharing of the workload — decision making — knowledge and experience — has now started to make everyday working smoother and by more direct [paths] .

Other cities where papal government might have settled were on important trade routes which might have added to the pope 's powers and security : but Rome remained the favoured city of the popes and , in spite of all the difficulties of controlling the city , the senate and the people , the popes were prepared to suffer all sorts of indignities in order to stay in Rome . ``
other cities where papal government might have settled were on important trade [paths] which might have added to the pope 's powers and security : but rome remained the favoured city of the popes and , in spite of all the difficulties of controlling the city , the senate and the people , the popes were prepared to suffer all sorts of indignities in order to stay in rome . ``

The great families of Rome had fortified towers or residences from which they might control the main routes in and out of the city .
the great families of rome had fortified towers or residences from which they might control the main [paths] in and out of the city .

Some groups of the dissatisfied were influenced by the Manichaean teachings which came from the east of Europe after the Second Crusade ( 1147 ) and were transmitted along the trade routes to the towns of north Germany and Lombardy .
some groups of the dissatisfied were influenced by the manichaean teachings which came from the east of europe after the second crusade ( 1147 ) and were transmitted along the trade [paths] to the towns of north germany and lombardy .

North Sea Ferries Ltd — Concessionary rates are available to Group employees and relatives on the Hull/Europoort and Hull/Zeebrugge routes if the level of commercial bookings allows .
north sea ferries ltd — concessionary rates are available to group employees and relatives on the hull/europoort and hull/zeebrugge [paths] if the level of commercial bookings allows .

John was confident enough then to leave Flynn to it and to go off himself to look at the proposed routes of the Waterford & limerick and the Waterford & kilkenny lines , both of which had been authorized by Parliament last year but neither of which had yet gone to tender .
john was confident enough then to leave flynn to it and to go off himself to look at the proposed [paths] of the waterford & limerick and the waterford & kilkenny lines , both of which had been authorized by parliament last year but neither of which had yet gone to tender .

Roadblocks on the main routes to Warsaw set up by farmers belonging to the Self-Defence Union were cleared by riot police on July 9 .
roadblocks on the main [paths] to warsaw set up by farmers belonging to the self-defence union were cleared by riot police on july 9 .

Under the terms of the accord , all Zimbabwean troops in Mozambique were to withdraw to the Beira and Limpopo corridors , the two strategic routes linking landlocked Zimbabwe with the Mozambican ports of Beira and Maputo .
under the terms of the accord , all zimbabwean troops in mozambique were to withdraw to the beira and limpopo corridors , the two strategic [paths] linking landlocked zimbabwe with the mozambican ports of beira and maputo .

For some years Pan Am had been selling some of its more profitable routes to rivals , in an effort to head off its mounting financial problems .
for some years pan am had been selling some of its more profitable [paths] to rivals , in an effort to head off its mounting financial problems .

As government forces pursued a dry-season offensive to regain control of trade routes across the border with Thailand , clashes with guerrillas from the Karen , Mon and Kachin ethnic groups were reported by the state radio in January .
as government forces pursued a dry-season offensive to regain control of trade [paths] across the border with thailand , clashes with guerrillas from the karen , mon and kachin ethnic groups were reported by the state radio in january .

During 1990-91 the Commission continued to press for the introduction of its policy deregulating European air traffic routes .
during 1990-91 the commission continued to press for the introduction of its policy deregulating european air traffic [paths] .

Apart from establishing common criteria for the licensing of airlines and routes , they set out to guarantee an EC-wide right of cabotage ( the carriage of one country 's freight or passenger traffic by an airline from another country ) , to phase out capacity quotas at airports , and to end the preferential access arrangements accorded by some countries to their own domestic airlines .
apart from establishing common criteria for the licensing of airlines and [paths] , they set out to guarantee an ec-wide right of cabotage ( the carriage of one country 's freight or passenger traffic by an airline from another country ) , to phase out capacity quotas at airports , and to end the preferential access arrangements accorded by some countries to their own domestic airlines .

Also in late March fighting had erupted to the north of the Karen heartlands as government-backed Wa guerrillas battled with the private army of `` warlord `` Khun Sa for control of narcotics routes into Thailand .
also in late march fighting had erupted to the north of the karen heartlands as government-backed wa guerrillas battled with the private army of `` warlord `` khun sa for control of narcotics [paths] into thailand .

On June 13 Cohen was reported to have proposed a partial withdrawal of rebel forces from the south and the opening of land routes to the town of Juba .
on june 13 cohen was reported to have proposed a partial withdrawal of rebel forces from the south and the opening of land [paths] to the town of juba .

Earlier measures providing for the elimination of the state docks monopoly and the deregulation of maritime transport , air routes and public transport had not yet been implemented .
earlier measures providing for the elimination of the state docks monopoly and the deregulation of maritime transport , air [paths] and public transport had not yet been implemented .

It chartered military planes to transport passengers , allowed the airlines to charter foreign aircraft and crews and recruit foreign pilots , allowed some international carriers to carry passengers on domestic routes , and provided financial support to the airlines to keep other employees in work .
it chartered military planes to transport passengers , allowed the airlines to charter foreign aircraft and crews and recruit foreign pilots , allowed some international carriers to carry passengers on domestic [paths] , and provided financial support to the airlines to keep other employees in work .

The State Council gave the armed groups an ultimatum to lay down their arms by March 30 and to open transport routes .
the state council gave the armed groups an ultimatum to lay down their arms by march 30 and to open transport [paths] .

Meeting minimum resistance , the allied air forces continued to bomb targets in Iraq , but also concentrated increasingly on the Iraqi forces in Kuwait and their supply routes .
meeting minimum resistance , the allied air forces continued to bomb targets in iraq , but also concentrated increasingly on the iraqi forces in kuwait and their supply [paths] .

On Feb. 3 the allies claimed that 25 of the 30 major bridges on routes leading into the Kuwaiti theatre of operations had been destroyed .
on feb. 3 the allies claimed that 25 of the 30 major bridges on [paths] leading into the kuwaiti theatre of operations had been destroyed .

Indeed the Vikings , Viking ships and Viking trade routes are topics that can widen horizons to encompass the whole of Europe , the Middle East , Iceland , Greenland and north America .
indeed the vikings , viking ships and viking trade [paths] are topics that can widen horizons to encompass the whole of europe , the middle east , iceland , greenland and north america .

Britain offers a wealth of historic landscapes , townscapes , field systems , roads , tracks and routes , railways and canals , banks and boundaries , ancient woodlands , walls and hedges and old industrial sites , settlements which have been planned , settlements which have evolved over time .
britain offers a wealth of historic landscapes , townscapes , field systems , roads , tracks and [paths] , railways and canals , banks and boundaries , ancient woodlands , walls and hedges and old industrial sites , settlements which have been planned , settlements which have evolved over time .

through consultation with heads of department and course leaders identify ‘ course profiles of enterprise skills ’ for recognised routes of study ;
through consultation with heads of department and course leaders identify ‘ course profiles of enterprise skills ’ for recognised [paths] of study ;

However , Trudgill also shows that different speakers may follow different routes towards complete acquisition of a new dialect .
however , trudgill also shows that different speakers may follow different [paths] towards complete acquisition of a new dialect .

Taken together , SVQs and general SVQs will provide a coherent framework of vocational awards , with clear routes of progression , and at the same time establish parity of esteem between vocational and academic awards .
taken together , svqs and general svqs will provide a coherent framework of vocational awards , with clear [paths] of progression , and at the same time establish parity of esteem between vocational and academic awards .

Like them , general SVQs are available at different levels , with clear routes of progression between the levels .
like them , general svqs are available at different levels , with clear [paths] of progression between the levels .

Routes of progression
[paths] of progression

The optional selection of the qualification has been structured into routes , one for each of the main science disciplines , biology , chemistry , and physics .
the optional selection of the qualification has been structured into [paths] , one for each of the main science disciplines , biology , chemistry , and physics .

Second , in courses which are organised around the expectation that most students are young and well qualified in a traditional sense , older students who have entered through different routes may find it more difficult to succeed than in courses where there is more support , both at an institutional level and from other students with similar backgrounds and experiences .
second , in courses which are organised around the expectation that most students are young and well qualified in a traditional sense , older students who have entered through different [paths] may find it more difficult to succeed than in courses where there is more support , both at an institutional level and from other students with similar backgrounds and experiences .

Query expansion and user feedback during the search process appear to be the most promising routes to follow .
query expansion and user feedback during the search process appear to be the most promising [paths] to follow .

Other schemes for reducing congestion were ‘ pay-as-you-drive ’ road tolls , electronic signs on motorways warning of delays and in-car programmes plotting quickest routes .
other schemes for reducing congestion were ‘ pay-as-you-drive ’ road tolls , electronic signs on motorways warning of delays and in-car programmes plotting quickest [paths] .

The council has agreed to spend more than £22,000 to block access routes to some 13 sites around York that the gypsies are using .
the council has agreed to spend more than £22,000 to block access [paths] to some 13 sites around york that the gypsies are using .

On a Mercator projection , Great Circle routes appear as curves .
on a mercator projection , great circle [paths] appear as curves .

The cult was detached from the place of its own original environment , and thus opened European routes to sacred travel , sacred commerce , and , eventually , sacred theft .
the cult was detached from the place of its own original environment , and thus opened european [paths] to sacred travel , sacred commerce , and , eventually , sacred theft .

The short pilgrimage from town to the martyr 's tomb in the suburban cemetery and the longer routes to the shrines of apostles or of the Holy Land interlocked to create a nexus of sacred topography ; pilgrims ' tales , literary accounts , guides , and itineraries helped to familiarize Western Christians with a new religious ordering of space .
the short pilgrimage from town to the martyr 's tomb in the suburban cemetery and the longer [paths] to the shrines of apostles or of the holy land interlocked to create a nexus of sacred topography ; pilgrims ' tales , literary accounts , guides , and itineraries helped to familiarize western christians with a new religious ordering of space .

We know from archaeology that Birka was at the northern end of a flourishing trade route which was beginning in the 830s and 840s to bring in huge quantities of silver from the Muslim-controlled trade routes between Byzantium and China .
we know from archaeology that birka was at the northern end of a flourishing trade route which was beginning in the 830s and 840s to bring in huge quantities of silver from the muslim-controlled trade [paths] between byzantium and china .

The many routes to a healthier diet will be described later in the book .
the many [paths] to a healthier diet will be described later in the book .

You can then choose whichever routes you think will be best suited to your own particular life-style .
you can then choose whichever [paths] you think will be best suited to your own particular life-style .

But to the men of Kufra whose fathers or grandfathers had settled there because it was so centrally placed on trade routes , or because it was so remote from Ottoman , Italian or British control , ‘ central government ’ appeared indeed as a real force , but as one located — so to speak — in the extreme northwestern corner , in Tripoli .
but to the men of kufra whose fathers or grandfathers had settled there because it was so centrally placed on trade [paths] , or because it was so remote from ottoman , italian or british control , ‘ central government ’ appeared indeed as a real force , but as one located — so to speak — in the extreme northwestern corner , in tripoli .

Men might travel only by Zuwaya consent , and Zuwaya took fees to guide travellers from water-hole to water-hole on the routes to Kufra and beyond .
men might travel only by zuwaya consent , and zuwaya took fees to guide travellers from water-hole to water-hole on the [paths] to kufra and beyond .

SHe 'd been charting possible escape routes for a while now , the main reason for not taking advantage of them being a certain concurrence with Jahsaxa 's opinion that blackouts could occur on the street .
she 'd been charting possible escape [paths] for a while now , the main reason for not taking advantage of them being a certain concurrence with jahsaxa 's opinion that blackouts could occur on the street .

Traffic was strictly regulated in Arcady , ground vehicles being confined to certain routes , especially those that were outside the city regulations concerning fuel effluent , such as the Star Eye trucks .
traffic was strictly regulated in arcady , ground vehicles being confined to certain [paths] , especially those that were outside the city regulations concerning fuel effluent , such as the star eye trucks .

It was necessary to park the trucks some distance away from Acropolis Park , The freight routes from the factories were via underground subways to different areas of the city , or else , for lighter materials , via the highwire .
it was necessary to park the trucks some distance away from acropolis park , the freight [paths] from the factories were via underground subways to different areas of the city , or else , for lighter materials , via the highwire .

The Government concedes that subsidies for loss-making services must be maintained , but support for a radical change in the way the railways are run and financed has come from several large private companies , including Richard Branson 's Virgin Group , which is drawing up plans to run trains on key InterCity routes .
the government concedes that subsidies for loss-making services must be maintained , but support for a radical change in the way the railways are run and financed has come from several large private companies , including richard branson 's virgin group , which is drawing up plans to run trains on key intercity [paths] .

In aviation , moves to open up routes to more competition will be continued , and ministers want to bring more transatlantic flights to regional airports .
in aviation , moves to open up [paths] to more competition will be continued , and ministers want to bring more transatlantic flights to regional airports .

The partners in the semi-rural multi-practice to the south-west of Bristol ( a couple of miles from bus routes or shops ) have installed a diesel fuel tank at the surgery for refuelling at considerable savings .
the partners in the semi-rural multi-practice to the south-west of bristol ( a couple of miles from bus [paths] or shops ) have installed a diesel fuel tank at the surgery for refuelling at considerable savings .

There are two other routes that are less commonly used .
there are two other [paths] that are less commonly used .

It met the first two of the quarter-final matches head on as they tackled the shortish par-four 12th which , for a few minutes , became a monster and odd routes were used to reach the green .
it met the first two of the quarter-final matches head on as they tackled the shortish par-four 12th which , for a few minutes , became a monster and odd [paths] were used to reach the green .

City of London police said that partial closures meant Leadenhall Street and Cornhill were open to vehicles for access only and not used as through routes .
city of london police said that partial closures meant leadenhall street and cornhill were open to vehicles for access only and not used as through [paths] .

In developing the future size and shape of the Royal Navy , the Admiralty had two useful and recent precedents : the successful use of carrier-borne aircraft in interdicting the Chinese supply routes during the Korean War ; and the much more recent use of carriers to provide the lion 's share of tactical air support during the Suez landings , and the ad hoc use of the carriers Theseus and Ocean as Commando-helicopter-carriers in the amphibious assault on Port Said .
in developing the future size and shape of the royal navy , the admiralty had two useful and recent precedents : the successful use of carrier-borne aircraft in interdicting the chinese supply [paths] during the korean war ; and the much more recent use of carriers to provide the lion 's share of tactical air support during the suez landings , and the ad hoc use of the carriers theseus and ocean as commando-helicopter-carriers in the amphibious assault on port said .

There seem to be two choices in noise right now , two routes to oblivion .
there seem to be two choices in noise right now , two [paths] to oblivion .

Once rid of the tasks of allotting routes and setting fares , governments could concentrate on the function that rightly belongs to them : expanding the capacities of airports and air-traffic-control systems .
once rid of the tasks of allotting [paths] and setting fares , governments could concentrate on the function that rightly belongs to them : expanding the capacities of airports and air-traffic-control systems .

It has cornered many lucrative short-hop routes .
it has cornered many lucrative short-hop [paths] .

Just what routes will logic produce to lead me to the complete knowledge of the nature of a flea ? … Is it truly the province of logic to examine , to uncover , and consequently to explain the nature of things , rather than the province of Physics and the other sciences instead ? What olfactory sense is logic endowed with that it sniffs out and runs to ground the hidden nature of things ?
just what [paths] will logic produce to lead me to the complete knowledge of the nature of a flea ? … is it truly the province of logic to examine , to uncover , and consequently to explain the nature of things , rather than the province of physics and the other sciences instead ? what olfactory sense is logic endowed with that it sniffs out and runs to ground the hidden nature of things ?

Britain 's Civil Aviation Authority had just recommended approval of the sale of Pan Am 's routes out of London 's Heathrow airport to United Airlines .
britain 's civil aviation authority had just recommended approval of the sale of pan am 's [paths] out of london 's heathrow airport to united airlines .

With governments around the world privatising airlines and opening routes to competition , the industry 's old cartels are crumbling .
with governments around the world privatising airlines and opening [paths] to competition , the industry 's old cartels are crumbling .

An answer from the private sector : ‘ dedicated ’ bus routes .
an answer from the private sector : ‘ dedicated ’ bus [paths] .

There are better routes from dictatorship to democracy .
there are better [paths] from dictatorship to democracy .

Yet foreign ships are still not permitted to ply American ports , and most foreign airlines are forbidden to compete with American airlines on domestic routes .
yet foreign ships are still not permitted to ply american ports , and most foreign airlines are forbidden to compete with american airlines on domestic [paths] .

Australia 's Qantas , hammered by a 50 % drop in business on its vital long-haul routes , was the one exception .
australia 's qantas , hammered by a 50 % drop in business on its vital long-haul [paths] , was the one exception .

The busiest routes are carved up by bilateral deals between the national airlines at either end .
the busiest [paths] are carved up by bilateral deals between the national airlines at either end .

Their least-profitable routes are those across the Pacific , where they are forced to compete with American airlines , for which these routes are the most lucrative .
their least-profitable [paths] are those across the pacific , where they are forced to compete with american airlines , for which these [paths] are the most lucrative .

Singapore Airlines and Hong Kong 's Cathay Pacific , two of the biggest Asian carriers , can not be forced to fly loss-making domestic routes .
singapore airlines and hong kong 's cathay pacific , two of the biggest asian carriers , can not be forced to fly loss-making domestic [paths] .

In the last year the number of scheduled routes has tripled to 55 .
in the last year the number of scheduled [paths] has tripled to 55 .

Even they have reservations , however , emphasising that routes containing inaccurate information should be ‘ highlighted ’ .
even they have reservations , however , emphasising that [paths] containing inaccurate information should be ‘ highlighted ’ .

They were written up to 37 years ago ; following them now could result in walkers , ‘ getting lost , trespassing or even being injured on over-used , badly eroded and now quite dangerous routes ’ .
they were written up to 37 years ago ; following them now could result in walkers , ‘ getting lost , trespassing or even being injured on over-used , badly eroded and now quite dangerous [paths] ’ .

Within the past month he has tried re-walking some of the most popular of Wainwright 's routes .
within the past month he has tried re-walking some of the most popular of wainwright 's [paths] .

Landowners along the routes mentioned have joined ramblers in asking for directions to be revised and ‘ clarified ’ . Their plea follows reports of walkers getting lost while clutching an old copy of Wainwright ; or insisting on crossing private land ‘ because the book says so … ’
landowners along the [paths] mentioned have joined ramblers in asking for directions to be revised and ‘ clarified ’ . their plea follows reports of walkers getting lost while clutching an old copy of wainwright ; or insisting on crossing private land ‘ because the book says so … ’

They will travel at a maximum 50mph on the two main rail routes but at 30mph in the city centre , where they share street space with ordinary road traffic .
they will travel at a maximum 50mph on the two main rail [paths] but at 30mph in the city centre , where they share street space with ordinary road traffic .

It has handed over sections of line , even complete routes like the Tyneside loop serving Whitley Bay .
it has handed over sections of line , even complete [paths] like the tyneside loop serving whitley bay .

‘ They can serve these routes because they can accommodate steeper gradients and sharper corners , for example , and can run through inner city areas where main lines would be too intrusive . ’
‘ they can serve these [paths] because they can accommodate steeper gradients and sharper corners , for example , and can run through inner city areas where main lines would be too intrusive . ’

Routes it highlights include the Tarka line in Devon , the Settle-Carlisle and Fort William-Mallaig lines , and routes through Wales , the Lake District and East Anglia .
[paths] it highlights include the tarka line in devon , the settle-carlisle and fort william-mallaig lines , and [paths] through wales , the lake district and east anglia .

Eight key routes form the principal targets of the Scenic Railways promotion .
eight key [paths] form the principal targets of the scenic railways promotion .

The position is less clear in the case of the 3,000 miles of inter-urban routes , which account for 60 per cent of Regional Railways ' track .
the position is less clear in the case of the 3,000 miles of inter-urban [paths] , which account for 60 per cent of regional railways ' track .

Trying out all the different permutations of routes is clearly impractical : there are 3,628,800 different ways of making a journey between 10 towns .
trying out all the different permutations of [paths] is clearly impractical : there are 3,628,800 different ways of making a journey between 10 towns .

This would mean starting with a random set of , say , 20 possible routes between the towns , and calculating how long the journeys would be .
this would mean starting with a random set of , say , 20 possible [paths] between the towns , and calculating how long the journeys would be .

One would then throw out all but the best — that is , the shortest — routes , and keep these for a kind of ‘ survival of the fittest ’ .
one would then throw out all but the best — that is , the shortest — [paths] , and keep these for a kind of ‘ survival of the fittest ’ .

One then ‘ breeds ’ a new generation of routes by combining features of the best ones , and randomly altering a few details as a form of mutation .
one then ‘ breeds ’ a new generation of [paths] by combining features of the best ones , and randomly altering a few details as a form of mutation .

This next generation of routes is then assessed , and the whole fitness-rating , breeding and mutation process repeated .
this next generation of [paths] is then assessed , and the whole fitness-rating , breeding and mutation process repeated .

This Darwinian recipe for solving the Travelling Salesman Problem has proved incredibly effective , rapidly finding the shortest routes between scores of towns , where the number of possible routes is so large it could never be written down .
this darwinian recipe for solving the travelling salesman problem has proved incredibly effective , rapidly finding the shortest [paths] between scores of towns , where the number of possible [paths] is so large it could never be written down .

An Enterprise self-drive holiday gives you the freedom and flexibility of your own car . We have negotiated specially reduced rates with Sealink , and can take bookings for the following routes :
an enterprise self-drive holiday gives you the freedom and flexibility of your own car . we have negotiated specially reduced rates with sealink , and can take bookings for the following [paths] :

We also follow specially prepared bike routes , with little or no traffic .
we also follow specially prepared bike [paths] , with little or no traffic .

Today we hold a short welcome meeting to fully explain the routes , and to familiarise you with your steed !
today we hold a short welcome meeting to fully explain the [paths] , and to familiarise you with your steed !

This follows the Salzach Valley , with a leisurely ride along the bike routes through fields , small villages and stop-off at two bathing lakes .
this follows the salzach valley , with a leisurely ride along the bike [paths] through fields , small villages and stop-off at two bathing lakes .

Meeting with your guide who will explain routes , hand out maps and explain the week 's agenda etc .
meeting with your guide who will explain [paths] , hand out maps and explain the week 's agenda etc .

Keen walkers will be spoilt for choice by the range of tracks and routes available to them , from leisurely strolls through Alpine meadows to more taxing and strenuous mountain hikes . For those who find walking just a little to much like hard work , take the longest chairlift in Europe to the ‘ First ’ peak at 7,150 ft and enjoy the glorious views and the grandeur of the mountains without being out of breath !
keen walkers will be spoilt for choice by the range of tracks and [paths] available to them , from leisurely strolls through alpine meadows to more taxing and strenuous mountain hikes . for those who find walking just a little to much like hard work , take the longest chairlift in europe to the ‘ first ’ peak at 7,150 ft and enjoy the glorious views and the grandeur of the mountains without being out of breath !

This is something of a well organized pastime here , and there are many scenic routes to take .
this is something of a well organized pastime here , and there are many scenic [paths] to take .

We will provide support for transport infrastructure , including a dedicated high-speed rail link from the Channel Tunnel to connect with the major routes to the North and West of Britain , and the extension of electrification throughout the country .
we will provide support for transport infrastructure , including a dedicated high-speed rail link from the channel tunnel to connect with the major [paths] to the north and west of britain , and the extension of electrification throughout the country .

We will construct a high-speed link from the Channel Tunnel to connect with the major rail routes to the North and West , and extend electrification throughout the country .
we will construct a high-speed link from the channel tunnel to connect with the major rail [paths] to the north and west , and extend electrification throughout the country .

Where this is not possible , public transport routes must be easily accessible .
where this is not possible , public transport [paths] must be easily accessible .

He explained that in 1886 he was making enquiries about the possibilities of opening up the canal routes to the south and was put in touch with a syndicate in London which was proposing to improve and develop these navigations .
he explained that in 1886 he was making enquiries about the possibilities of opening up the canal [paths] to the south and was put in touch with a syndicate in london which was proposing to improve and develop these navigations .

The physical presence of continents complicates the routes of the currents and the tides .
the physical presence of continents complicates the [paths] of the currents and the tides .

The routes to satisfaction are patterned by internal or dispositional constraints so that the behaviours concerned tend to lead to an end that is characteristic of a species .
the [paths] to satisfaction are patterned by internal or dispositional constraints so that the behaviours concerned tend to lead to an end that is characteristic of a species .

The behavioural routes to that end thus show an ‘ equipotentiality ’ .
the behavioural [paths] to that end thus show an ‘ equipotentiality ’ .

Moreover , none of the possible drivers have any knowledge of inner London routes .
moreover , none of the possible drivers have any knowledge of inner london [paths] .

Alitalia was facing erratic profits , stagnating passenger traffic and heavy competition on its European and long-haul routes , with Verri 's predecessor and the president of the state holding wrangling in public .
alitalia was facing erratic profits , stagnating passenger traffic and heavy competition on its european and long-haul [paths] , with verri 's predecessor and the president of the state holding wrangling in public .

Outside the script departments of a few studios , too many producers have taken lazy routes to their scripts .
outside the script departments of a few studios , too many producers have taken lazy [paths] to their scripts .

One consequence of this hub-and-spoke system is the maddening inability to fly direct between seemingly obvious routes .
one consequence of this hub-and-spoke system is the maddening inability to fly direct between seemingly obvious [paths] .

Then this total is split between the competing routes and services .
then this total is split between the competing [paths] and services .

Guide books are arranged to suit the convenience of the traveller , for whom routes round a city or a site are often suggested .
guide books are arranged to suit the convenience of the traveller , for whom [paths] round a city or a site are often suggested .

The inn was generally the largest of the three , providing accommodation as well as beverages , and was typically located in market places or on through routes .
the inn was generally the largest of the three , providing accommodation as well as beverages , and was typically located in market places or on through [paths] .

According to one influential cognitive model ( Coltheart , 1985 ; see Figure 1 ) , there are two distinct reading routes that might come into operation when one is reading aloud .
according to one influential cognitive model ( coltheart , 1985 ; see figure 1 ) , there are two distinct reading [paths] that might come into operation when one is reading aloud .

Employment patterns , which followed the routes of enforced segregation in favour of protestants — for they controlled the greater part of the job market and especially the major industrial enterprises and the entire government sector of civil servants and police — were even reinforced by the system of job references provided by the parish priests and catholic notables .
employment patterns , which followed the [paths] of enforced segregation in favour of protestants — for they controlled the greater part of the job market and especially the major industrial enterprises and the entire government sector of civil servants and police — were even reinforced by the system of job references provided by the parish priests and catholic notables .

The Red Sea guide is illustrated with full colour aerial photographs with overlays showing suggested underwater routes .
the red sea guide is illustrated with full colour aerial photographs with overlays showing suggested underwater [paths] .

Much has been written on railway routes and rolling stock .
much has been written on railway [paths] and rolling stock .

Americans and Russians sought to outflank the great European shipping routes .
americans and russians sought to outflank the great european shipping [paths] .

For Russia the prize was to command railway routes connecting , it was hoped , Calais to Calcutta or Amsterdam to the Amur .
for russia the prize was to command railway [paths] connecting , it was hoped , calais to calcutta or amsterdam to the amur .

Since a variety of different routes into the city had to be accommodated and since the planners envisaged a station of massive proportions a central city site proved impossible .
since a variety of different [paths] into the city had to be accommodated and since the planners envisaged a station of massive proportions a central city site proved impossible .

Lourenço Marques was a gateway to both South and Central Africa , and Beira and Lobito Bay were the prime portals of the routes into British Central Africa and the Congo , much used by European settlers and tourists .
lourenço marques was a gateway to both south and central africa , and beira and lobito bay were the prime portals of the [paths] into british central africa and the congo , much used by european settlers and tourists .

It is important to try to preserve some of the old pedestrian routes through the new precinct .
it is important to try to preserve some of the old pedestrian [paths] through the new precinct .

‘ And they use one of three alternative routes in recognizable trucks .
‘ and they use one of three alternative [paths] in recognizable trucks .

They had argued like this until the plane touched down in Belgium : Tweed uncharacteristically negative ; Paula positive and working out escape routes .
they had argued like this until the plane touched down in belgium : tweed uncharacteristically negative ; paula positive and working out escape [paths] .

Even on the main routes over the mountains , we have travelled many miles through snow blizzards without seeing a single house on the horizon .
even on the main [paths] over the mountains , we have travelled many miles through snow blizzards without seeing a single house on the horizon .

The companies had sought to merge their fleets on the currently lucrative Dover , Folkestone and Ramsgate routes to France which would have fixed prices at one level and allowed them to operate a single timetable .
the companies had sought to merge their fleets on the currently lucrative dover , folkestone and ramsgate [paths] to france which would have fixed prices at one level and allowed them to operate a single timetable .

’ The only noise one hears at Edgware Road this morning is that of embittered commuters stomping away from locked gates and cursing as they plan alternative routes .
’ the only noise one hears at edgware road this morning is that of embittered commuters stomping away from locked gates and cursing as they plan alternative [paths] .

There are also local services along the above routes and also from Oxford to Charlbury , Evesham , Worcester , Malvern and Hereford ; from Banbury to Bicester , High Wycombe and London ( Marylebone ) ; from Henley to Twyford ( for Paddington ) and a recently restored service from Oxford to Bicester .
there are also local services along the above [paths] and also from oxford to charlbury , evesham , worcester , malvern and hereford ; from banbury to bicester , high wycombe and london ( marylebone ) ; from henley to twyford ( for paddington ) and a recently restored service from oxford to bicester .

Banking in particular , seems particularly susceptible to failures in foreign markets caused by reactive pressures — much of the Third World debt problems can be traced to banks looking for easy foreign expansion routes when faced by lack of growth in domestic markets .
banking in particular , seems particularly susceptible to failures in foreign markets caused by reactive pressures — much of the third world debt problems can be traced to banks looking for easy foreign expansion [paths] when faced by lack of growth in domestic markets .

This issue was first raised as early as 1941 , and by 1943–4 had become a subject of major concern for the British government , aware that unless rules were laid down in advance , the United States would use its enormous wealth , undamaged industrial capability , and the advantages obtained during the war years to drive Britain and other countries off the international air routes .
this issue was first raised as early as 1941 , and by 1943–4 had become a subject of major concern for the british government , aware that unless rules were laid down in advance , the united states would use its enormous wealth , undamaged industrial capability , and the advantages obtained during the war years to drive britain and other countries off the international air [paths] .

As one authority has put it , ‘ competition for air routes , services and traffic was not unlike the ‘ scramble ’ for Africa in the late 19th century ' .
as one authority has put it , ‘ competition for air [paths] , services and traffic was not unlike the ‘ scramble ’ for africa in the late 19th century ' .

The Americans were intimidated by the possible British routes allowed by Commonwealth and Empire airfields the world over .
the americans were intimidated by the possible british [paths] allowed by commonwealth and empire airfields the world over .

Here , he reiterated the British position based on the new White paper with ‘ bluntness ’ ; he told Berle he was not prepared to discuss routes , but could discuss the principles of a civil aviation convention and the equitable division of traffic .
here , he reiterated the british position based on the new white paper with ‘ bluntness ’ ; he told berle he was not prepared to discuss [paths] , but could discuss the principles of a civil aviation convention and the equitable division of traffic .

for the British , this meant state-owned airlines flying state-developed aircraft operating on agreed internationally controlled routes and frequencies .
for the british , this meant state-owned airlines flying state-developed aircraft operating on agreed internationally controlled [paths] and frequencies .

Attlee attacked the very basis of the perception that the Mediterranean was crucial to Britain in time of war , arguing that with the development of air power the resources needed to protect sea routes from Gibraltar to Suez would be impossible to find .
attlee attacked the very basis of the perception that the mediterranean was crucial to britain in time of war , arguing that with the development of air power the resources needed to protect sea [paths] from gibraltar to suez would be impossible to find .

Even less important than long-distance roads were air routes .
even less important than long-distance roads were air [paths] .

There are now other routes to follow .
there are now other [paths] to follow .

Top treks Great backpacking routes
top treks great backpacking [paths]

Walks are scheduled to take place all over the country taking routes which highlight various problems which have arisen from landowners denying access to the countryside .
walks are scheduled to take place all over the country taking [paths] which highlight various problems which have arisen from landowners denying access to the countryside .

Several teams will climb routes from all the compass points of the mountain including the North Face route .
several teams will climb [paths] from all the compass points of the mountain including the north face route .

Over 300 long distance backpacking routes wind their way around Britain and we 've picked out six of the best for you to try .
over 300 long distance backpacking [paths] wind their way around britain and we 've picked out six of the best for you to try .

The national trails , including paths like the Pennine Way , the Pembrokeshire Coast Path and the West Highland Way , tend to be the best known routes and deserve a rest after the summer of pounding they had .
the national trails , including paths like the pennine way , the pembrokeshire coast path and the west highland way , tend to be the best known [paths] and deserve a rest after the summer of pounding they had .

The paths we 've chosen are all recognised long-distance routes and some are waymarked for their entire length .
the paths we 've chosen are all recognised long-distance [paths] and some are waymarked for their entire length .

They 're all fine routes for backpacking holidays but local youth hostels or bed and breakfasts are also available .
they 're all fine [paths] for backpacking holidays but local youth hostels or bed and breakfasts are also available .

Woodland routes and paths following first the River Cardew , then a railway line , lead you to Carlisle .
woodland [paths] and paths following first the river cardew , then a railway line , lead you to carlisle .

Heather Barrett discovers stunning walks and great cycle routes in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park
heather barrett discovers stunning walks and great cycle [paths] in the pembrokeshire coast national park

In essence the issues are these : first , given the old traditions of ‘ misrule ’ and ‘ gang life ’ , how far do contemporary forms of violence in sport resemble earlier ones ; second , why did football matches — the stadia , the surroundings , the routes and transport to and from the game — become the chosen site of hooligan behaviour ?
in essence the issues are these : first , given the old traditions of ‘ misrule ’ and ‘ gang life ’ , how far do contemporary forms of violence in sport resemble earlier ones ; second , why did football matches — the stadia , the surroundings , the [paths] and transport to and from the game — become the chosen site of hooligan behaviour ?

The 1980 Transport Act , by relaxing controls over licensing and fares , has increased competition on long-distance coach routes .
the 1980 transport act , by relaxing controls over licensing and fares , has increased competition on long-distance coach [paths] .

The strike by Boeing 's 57,000 employees in at least seven states comes at a time when airlines with ageing fleets are already straining to find aircraft for use on their new routes .
the strike by boeing 's 57,000 employees in at least seven states comes at a time when airlines with ageing fleets are already straining to find aircraft for use on their new [paths] .

West German officials said they understood the trains would be sealed from the inside , and would take roundabout routes to evade jumpers-on .
west german officials said they understood the trains would be sealed from the inside , and would take roundabout [paths] to evade jumpers-on .

Adamantane chemistry features largely in five of these chapters , and coverage includes catalytic synthetic methods , the superacid route to the 1-adamantyl cation , electrophilic reactions of cage hydrocarbons , fragmentation and cyclisation routes , and bridgehead reactivity .
adamantane chemistry features largely in five of these chapters , and coverage includes catalytic synthetic methods , the superacid route to the 1-adamantyl cation , electrophilic reactions of cage hydrocarbons , fragmentation and cyclisation [paths] , and bridgehead reactivity .

In order to overcome this blockade — which meant that the Berlin zones controlled by America , Britain and France , were cut off from their normal supply routes — a massive ‘ Air-lift ’ was organised by the three Allies , even coal was transported by air !
in order to overcome this blockade — which meant that the berlin zones controlled by america , britain and france , were cut off from their normal supply [paths] — a massive ‘ air-lift ’ was organised by the three allies , even coal was transported by air !

Leisure journeys usually follow routes that would be painful , or impossible , by rail .
leisure journeys usually follow [paths] that would be painful , or impossible , by rail .

Any narrative of his life develops along several parallel routes .
any narrative of his life develops along several parallel [paths] .

Kano , the end of the camel routes , seemed to be the obvious terminus .
kano , the end of the camel [paths] , seemed to be the obvious terminus .

There are two chief routes south through the Algerian Sahara , each about two hundred miles from the other .
there are two chief [paths] south through the algerian sahara , each about two hundred miles from the other .

Using sections of two routes made the journey longer but minimized the distance between wells .
using sections of two [paths] made the journey longer but minimized the distance between wells .

The desert routes were well worn and usually easily followed .
the desert [paths] were well worn and usually easily followed .

Coupled with desperately needed new construction , such as the cross-rail proposals , these existing routes could be made to really work for us at a fraction of the cost of new road-building , and with minimal land encroachment , pollution or disturbance to the environment .
coupled with desperately needed new construction , such as the cross-rail proposals , these existing [paths] could be made to really work for us at a fraction of the cost of new road-building , and with minimal land encroachment , pollution or disturbance to the environment .

An underground toll road beneath the peripherique would ease congestion in the south and enable the creation of extra bus routes through the city centre .
an underground toll road beneath the peripherique would ease congestion in the south and enable the creation of extra bus [paths] through the city centre .

The heart of Paris , around the Louvre and the Hotel de Ville , would be entirely reorganised with pedestrian zones , one-way systems and extra bus routes .
the heart of paris , around the louvre and the hotel de ville , would be entirely reorganised with pedestrian zones , one-way systems and extra bus [paths] .

There are many , varied access routes into great art , as this year 's Glyndebourne Figaro has shown .
there are many , varied access [paths] into great art , as this year 's glyndebourne figaro has shown .

They will form a integral part of the city , opening up new pedestrian routes , while upgrading existing ones .
they will form a integral part of the city , opening up new pedestrian [paths] , while upgrading existing ones .

Can they not see that Europe 's farmers would be forced down one of two routes .
can they not see that europe 's farmers would be forced down one of two [paths] .

New trade routes may be traced by the spread of metalworking skills and the import of rare and exotic materials such as gemstones and ivory for jewellery .
new trade [paths] may be traced by the spread of metalworking skills and the import of rare and exotic materials such as gemstones and ivory for jewellery .

Blocked in on the west side of the atrium , alongside the stairs from reception , are the building 's main vertical circulation routes — lift , stairs and accompanying walkways .
blocked in on the west side of the atrium , alongside the stairs from reception , are the building 's main vertical circulation [paths] — lift , stairs and accompanying walkways .

In addition there are circulation routes at both ends of the space — at the north end provided by a fireproof staircase and walled corridor wings .
in addition there are circulation [paths] at both ends of the space — at the north end provided by a fireproof staircase and walled corridor wings .

By the late 1980s the main arterial routes of the West Bank primarily reflected the transport and communications needs of the Israeli State and its settler population .
by the late 1980s the main arterial [paths] of the west bank primarily reflected the transport and communications needs of the israeli state and its settler population .

Three , four months went by until only two routes for selling them remained unexplored .
three , four months went by until only two [paths] for selling them remained unexplored .

Rail unions said yesterday there would be widespread line closures and the down-grading of some InterCity routes if the Conservative Party wins the general election .
rail unions said yesterday there would be widespread line closures and the down-grading of some intercity [paths] if the conservative party wins the general election .

Indeed , no major routes closed in the eighties .
indeed , no major [paths] closed in the eighties .

For the past forty or so years since the railways passed into public ownership , the issue of social support — that is the extent to which unremunerative routes should be directly subsidised by the taxpayer — has never been entirely clear .
for the past forty or so years since the railways passed into public ownership , the issue of social support — that is the extent to which unremunerative [paths] should be directly subsidised by the taxpayer — has never been entirely clear .

To provide some much-needed improvement the InterCity director decided to transfer ten HSTs to the Midland — five from the Great Western , two from the East Coast main line plus three which were part of the build for the Cross Country ( North East-South West ) routes .
to provide some much-needed improvement the intercity director decided to transfer ten hsts to the midland — five from the great western , two from the east coast main line plus three which were part of the build for the cross country ( north east-south west ) [paths] .

Plans to upgrade parts of Cross Country routes for higher speeds were also deferred .
plans to upgrade parts of cross country [paths] for higher speeds were also deferred .

As a special train , the Land Cruise was a cut above its immediate predecessors , and in the ensuing years its profile and format have been further refined into a series of repeat itinerary three-day tours which , although still plying the scenic Scottish routes , now do so as part of InterCity 's charter operation utilising specially refurbished first-class stock and Mk 3 sleepers in lieu of the Pullmans .
as a special train , the land cruise was a cut above its immediate predecessors , and in the ensuing years its profile and format have been further refined into a series of repeat itinerary three-day tours which , although still plying the scenic scottish [paths] , now do so as part of intercity 's charter operation utilising specially refurbished first-class stock and mk 3 sleepers in lieu of the pullmans .

Outside the large conurbations , which were the province of the locally financed Passenger Transport Executives , Provincial inherited a disparate collection of routes linking various centres or branching to less populous places .
outside the large conurbations , which were the province of the locally financed passenger transport executives , provincial inherited a disparate collection of [paths] linking various centres or branching to less populous places .

Many routes could not be said to form a coherent network , other than as InterCity connections to whom they did not now belong , and a few ( surprisingly few ) were in the mould of the traditional country branch line .
many [paths] could not be said to form a coherent network , other than as intercity connections to whom they did not now belong , and a few ( surprisingly few ) were in the mould of the traditional country branch line .

Most of the secondary routes that survive are relatively long , run through sparsely populated land , and have no hope of making money .
most of the secondary [paths] that survive are relatively long , run through sparsely populated land , and have no hope of making money .

The rest are mainly either inter-urban routes like Portsmouth-Bristol , quite busy branch lines like the Cornish branches or the South Wales branches ; or they are former main lines from which InterCity has progressively withdrawn — like the Settle & Carlisle , the former Glasgow & South Western Glasgow route , Newport-Crewe , the trans-Pennine lines and some cross-country routes crossing England from east to west .
the rest are mainly either inter-urban [paths] like portsmouth-bristol , quite busy branch lines like the cornish branches or the south wales branches ; or they are former main lines from which intercity has progressively withdrawn — like the settle & carlisle , the former glasgow & south western glasgow route , newport-crewe , the trans-pennine lines and some cross-country [paths] crossing england from east to west .

There are local stopping services which run on InterCity routes , such as the Birmingham-Rugby-Northampton electric trains , the Manchester-Blackpool trains , Edinburgh-Dunbar locals and stopping trains on the North Wales route .
there are local stopping services which run on intercity [paths] , such as the birmingham-rugby-northampton electric trains , the manchester-blackpool trains , edinburgh-dunbar locals and stopping trains on the north wales route .

This was certainly a cheap option , and there were some short- or medium-distance routes where such a basic vehicle was considered acceptable .
this was certainly a cheap option , and there were some short- or medium-distance [paths] where such a basic vehicle was considered acceptable .

But the new two-axle units were actually responsible for part of the upsurge in traffic on their routes and were certainly no worse than the buses with which they were successfully competing .
but the new two-axle units were actually responsible for part of the upsurge in traffic on their [paths] and were certainly no worse than the buses with which they were successfully competing .

The new trains on the Provincial routes therefore had a market with a degree of positive elasticity not previously enjoyed .
the new trains on the provincial [paths] therefore had a market with a degree of positive elasticity not previously enjoyed .

What is really amazing however is the routes which have been dreamed up for the Super-Sprinters , and which have taken off with growth factors unbelieved when first disclosed .
what is really amazing however is the [paths] which have been dreamed up for the super-sprinters , and which have taken off with growth factors unbelieved when first disclosed .

The process has evolved over the decade with the linking up of what used to be short runs into long , cross-country routes .
the process has evolved over the decade with the linking up of what used to be short runs into long , cross-country [paths] .

Other new routes coming into fruition have included the welding together of the trans-Pennine services between Leeds and Manchester with those starting back at Newcastle , Scarborough , Hull and the main line to Liverpool , with connections to Chester and North Wales .
other new [paths] coming into fruition have included the welding together of the trans-pennine services between leeds and manchester with those starting back at newcastle , scarborough , hull and the main line to liverpool , with connections to chester and north wales .

The next phase in the growth of the Provincial sector 's services is the introduction of the new Class 158 units on the Sprinter Express routes .
the next phase in the growth of the provincial sector 's services is the introduction of the new class 158 units on the sprinter express [paths] .

Its present director is Sidney Newey , a successful career railwayman who sees almost endless possibilities for new routes .
its present director is sidney newey , a successful career railwayman who sees almost endless possibilities for new [paths] .

We shall have to wait until each is announced , but the possibility of reopening new routes — a far cry from bus substitution — raises a new image for the sector which ten years ago had been written off by some people as a collection of unremunerative passenger railways .
we shall have to wait until each is announced , but the possibility of reopening new [paths] — a far cry from bus substitution — raises a new image for the sector which ten years ago had been written off by some people as a collection of unremunerative passenger railways .

Many were main or arterial routes .
many were main or arterial [paths] .

Some were duplicated by other routes , a legacy of the pre-Grouping days ( 1923 ) when companies competed for business .
some were duplicated by other [paths] , a legacy of the pre-grouping days ( 1923 ) when companies competed for business .

On the passenger side , interest in the 1990s will centre on Provincial 's split between the highly successful Sprinter Express routes and the also-rans .
on the passenger side , interest in the 1990s will centre on provincial 's split between the highly successful sprinter express [paths] and the also-rans .

InterCity saw its future in push-pull electric traction , modernised High Speed Trains on non-electrified routes , and only a handful of diesellocomotive-hauled services on feeder and cross-country routes .
intercity saw its future in push-pull electric traction , modernised high speed trains on non-electrified [paths] , and only a handful of diesellocomotive-hauled services on feeder and cross-country [paths] .

Network SouthEast provided its four showpiece routes north of London with new rolling stock , Bedford-St Pancras , King 's Cross-Cambridge/ Peterborough , Liverpool Street-Cambridge , and Euston-Northampton .
network southeast provided its four showpiece [paths] north of london with new rolling stock , bedford-st pancras , king 's cross-cambridge/ peterborough , liverpool street-cambridge , and euston-northampton .

Scotland 's only new acquisitions during the decade were twenty-one Class 318s , three-car versions of the Class 317 , to service the newly electrified Glasgow-Ayr/Largs routes , although 1989 also witnessed the first withdrawals proper ( apart from accident victims or asbestos units ) of the original Pressed Steel 1959 ‘ Blue Train' Class 303s , whose unrefurbished examples are due for early replacement by 100mph Class 321-type Class 320s .
scotland 's only new acquisitions during the decade were twenty-one class 318s , three-car versions of the class 317 , to service the newly electrified glasgow-ayr/largs [paths] , although 1989 also witnessed the first withdrawals proper ( apart from accident victims or asbestos units ) of the original pressed steel 1959 ‘ blue train' class 303s , whose unrefurbished examples are due for early replacement by 100mph class 321-type class 320s .

‘ It is a good little crag with one or two modern routes , and it 's in the centre of a nature reserve .
‘ it is a good little crag with one or two modern [paths] , and it 's in the centre of a nature reserve .

The following limestone routes have been listed missing in despatches , so do n't come crying to us if you ca n't find them .
the following limestone [paths] have been listed missing in despatches , so do n't come crying to us if you ca n't find them .

At Symond 's Yat in the Wye Valley , part of the Longstone Pinnacle is reported to have parted company , although which routes have been affected is not clear .
at symond 's yat in the wye valley , part of the longstone pinnacle is reported to have parted company , although which [paths] have been affected is not clear .

The islands of Scotland hold unimagined potential for new routes . Bob Reid hired a boat and went exploring on Cara , off the west coast of Kintyre
the islands of scotland hold unimagined potential for new [paths] . bob reid hired a boat and went exploring on cara , off the west coast of kintyre

It has to be said that there are no easy routes here ; even the 5cs would probably be a 6a anywhere else .
it has to be said that there are no easy [paths] here ; even the 5cs would probably be a 6a anywhere else .

For sheer enjoyment of climbing at this standard the routes on the Clapis sector the Dentelles de Montmirail take some beating .
for sheer enjoyment of climbing at this standard the [paths] on the clapis sector the dentelles de montmirail take some beating .

The south face of this crag has many three and four pitch routes at 5b to 6a .
the south face of this crag has many three and four pitch [paths] at 5b to 6a .

Many of the peaks have routes on them that can be described as forming a midway point between hard Alpine and Himalayan standard — long ridge routes that take several days to accomplish ; big face routes on rock and ice .
many of the peaks have [paths] on them that can be described as forming a midway point between hard alpine and himalayan standard — long ridge [paths] that take several days to accomplish ; big face [paths] on rock and ice .

Others , like Schkelda and Ushba , have been partially developed but still have plenty of scope for new routes .
others , like schkelda and ushba , have been partially developed but still have plenty of scope for new [paths] .

It seems that there is always someone around to make life difficult : sometime this spring the New Routes book was stolen from Pete 's Eats .
it seems that there is always someone around to make life difficult : sometime this spring the new [paths] book was stolen from pete 's eats .

Throughout this miserable summer , Scottish climbers have been forced to climb in places like Malham Cove : hardly the place to nourish the soul ( and the routes are a bit hard ! )
throughout this miserable summer , scottish climbers have been forced to climb in places like malham cove : hardly the place to nourish the soul ( and the [paths] are a bit hard ! )

However , some new routes have been climbed by various intrepid amphibians .
however , some new [paths] have been climbed by various intrepid amphibians .

The Alpine 4000m peaks by the classic routes
the alpine 4000m peaks by the classic [paths]

Other worthwhile routes , both easy and difficult , are listed at the end of each chapter — which might inspire some to venture off the beaten track or on to more technically exacting ascents , although some of the gradings are a little overdone .
other worthwhile [paths] , both easy and difficult , are listed at the end of each chapter — which might inspire some to venture off the beaten track or on to more technically exacting ascents , although some of the gradings are a little overdone .

It also manages to tie the Alps together as one whole , treating them as a range of mountains rather than just a list of routes .
it also manages to tie the alps together as one whole , treating them as a range of mountains rather than just a list of [paths] .

The introduction tells you how to decipher the crag listings which provide information such as : crag name , sun hours , number of routes ( including number in the grades ) , province and crag number ( to locate the crag on the maps which are sprinkled throughout ) .
the introduction tells you how to decipher the crag listings which provide information such as : crag name , sun hours , number of [paths] ( including number in the grades ) , province and crag number ( to locate the crag on the maps which are sprinkled throughout ) .

Get to where the action is and hang in there ; sod Scafell , those routes can wait until later .
get to where the action is and hang in there ; sod scafell , those [paths] can wait until later .

Keeping them functioning , not to mention well-maintained , was a formidable task , as not all routes could traverse the world on purely British turf .
keeping them functioning , not to mention well-maintained , was a formidable task , as not all [paths] could traverse the world on purely british turf .

The Commonwealth Pacific cable , Compac , runs from Alberni in Canada to Sydney , Australia , interconnecting at Hawaii , Fiji and Norfolk Island , almost mimicking the cherished all-red routes of the Victorians .
the commonwealth pacific cable , compac , runs from alberni in canada to sydney , australia , interconnecting at hawaii , fiji and norfolk island , almost mimicking the cherished all-red [paths] of the victorians .

It intends to switch the boats to other routes if the bridge goes ahead .
it intends to switch the boats to other [paths] if the bridge goes ahead .

United looked like traffic controllers , directing the flow straight down the arterial routes towards Swindon 's goal .
united looked like traffic controllers , directing the flow straight down the arterial [paths] towards swindon 's goal .

Make sure that there is a map of the area on the wall showing local bus routes to assist those parents who live outside the immediate school area .
make sure that there is a map of the area on the wall showing local bus [paths] to assist those parents who live outside the immediate school area .

Many major stage routes ran across the moor , connecting London and Windsor with Portsmouth , Southampton , Bath and Bristol , Their passengers braved Hounslow Heath and Maidenhead Thicket , which were infested with highwaymen , before venturing across the moor with its notorious footpads and villains .
many major stage [paths] ran across the moor , connecting london and windsor with portsmouth , southampton , bath and bristol , their passengers braved hounslow heath and maidenhead thicket , which were infested with highwaymen , before venturing across the moor with its notorious footpads and villains .

He had paced all the possible routes and timings and , given a small margin of error , had come to the conclusion that Drew could have left his lodging at the witnessed time and appear at the theatre at the attested time seven minutes later .
he had paced all the possible [paths] and timings and , given a small margin of error , had come to the conclusion that drew could have left his lodging at the witnessed time and appear at the theatre at the attested time seven minutes later .

Theorists carried out the calculations for the routes which involve emitting one or two gluons in the early 1980s .
theorists carried out the calculations for the [paths] which involve emitting one or two gluons in the early 1980s .

Now they are trying routes involving three gluons .
now they are trying [paths] involving three gluons .

But summing the routes involving four gluons is a long — and boring — problem .
but summing the [paths] involving four gluons is a long — and boring — problem .

It is one of the 98 three-junction routes calculated by Surguladzo and Samuel .
it is one of the 98 three-junction [paths] calculated by surguladzo and samuel .

Aa is the sum of the probabilities of all the routes with one junction , Ba 2 of the routes with two , Ca 3 of the routes with three and so on .
aa is the sum of the probabilities of all the [paths] with one junction , ba 2 of the [paths] with two , ca 3 of the [paths] with three and so on .

The approximation , based on one-junction and two-junction routes only in 0.155 ( error 0.014 , 9 per cent ) .
the approximation , based on one-junction and two-junction [paths] only in 0.155 ( error 0.014 , 9 per cent ) .

LEAs must , when deciding whether to provide transport for a child , have regard ( amongst other things ) to ‘ the age of the pupil , and the nature of the route , or alternative routes , which he could reasonably be expected to take ’ .
leas must , when deciding whether to provide transport for a child , have regard ( amongst other things ) to ‘ the age of the pupil , and the nature of the route , or alternative [paths] , which he could reasonably be expected to take ’ .

Now that access by parents and pupils is the normal rule , these indirect routes will become less important .
now that access by parents and pupils is the normal rule , these indirect [paths] will become less important .

In an attempt to keep the line of the proposed new streets a secret , only two copies of the map delineating the routes existed , one in the Emperor 's study at the Tuileries and the other kept by Haussmann .
in an attempt to keep the line of the proposed new streets a secret , only two copies of the map delineating the [paths] existed , one in the emperor 's study at the tuileries and the other kept by haussmann .

Others intercede at an earlier stage , working along the routes that the municipal trucks take .
others intercede at an earlier stage , working along the [paths] that the municipal trucks take .

These were the authentic reactions of an imperial Britain to a land which covered its transit routes to the Indian empire .
these were the authentic reactions of an imperial britain to a land which covered its transit [paths] to the indian empire .

In every case the explanation of the normative effect of the exercise of authority leads back , sometimes through very circuitous routes , to the imposition of duties either by the authority itself or by some other persons .
in every case the explanation of the normative effect of the exercise of authority leads back , sometimes through very circuitous [paths] , to the imposition of duties either by the authority itself or by some other persons .

It is saying too much in that the same normative consequences can sometimes be reached by different routes .
it is saying too much in that the same normative consequences can sometimes be reached by different [paths] .

On the far bank , where a tributary of the Swale forms the waterfall of East Gill Force , a short climb arrives at a lane and here the two routes part company , never again to meet : Pennine Wayfarers turn left for Tan Hill , and Coast to Coasters turn right across a bridge to follow the lane eastwards high above the gorge of the Swale to reach Crackpot Hall .
on the far bank , where a tributary of the swale forms the waterfall of east gill force , a short climb arrives at a lane and here the two [paths] part company , never again to meet : pennine wayfarers turn left for tan hill , and coast to coasters turn right across a bridge to follow the lane eastwards high above the gorge of the swale to reach crackpot hall .

The ascent of Whernside from the north has two advantages over other routes : first , for much of the journey the lovely valley of Dentdale remains in sight to counter the increasing harshness of the terrain and , secondly , an alternative route of return is available .
the ascent of whernside from the north has two advantages over other [paths] : first , for much of the journey the lovely valley of dentdale remains in sight to counter the increasing harshness of the terrain and , secondly , an alternative route of return is available .

This beeline may be reversed and used as a route of ascent from Horton but until a clear path has been formed by foot-traffic over the rough higher ground , it is not a way to be preferred to other more pleasant routes of ascent : apart from an exciting interlude midway , the climb becomes tedious .
this beeline may be reversed and used as a route of ascent from horton but until a clear path has been formed by foot-traffic over the rough higher ground , it is not a way to be preferred to other more pleasant [paths] of ascent : apart from an exciting interlude midway , the climb becomes tedious .

In Somerset , the old drove-ways still branch off the main routes into the moors , like spines on a stickleback .
in somerset , the old drove-ways still branch off the main [paths] into the moors , like spines on a stickleback .

Thus orientation conceals under a pretence of ‘ equal but different ’ a process of sorting and selecting pupils according to their academic level for different scholastic and ultimately occupational routes .
thus orientation conceals under a pretence of ‘ equal but different ’ a process of sorting and selecting pupils according to their academic level for different scholastic and ultimately occupational [paths] .

The snow continued for days , until the print had been worn off every ordnance survey map in the house by impatient fingers constantly tracking imaginary routes up Torridon 's thrilling peaks .
the snow continued for days , until the print had been worn off every ordnance survey map in the house by impatient fingers constantly tracking imaginary [paths] up torridon 's thrilling peaks .

It 's on Am Bodach that a lot of people 's routes converge .
it 's on am bodach that a lot of people 's [paths] converge .

These ventilation routes must be maintained and kept free of insulation material , birds ' nests , junk and so on .
these ventilation [paths] must be maintained and kept free of insulation material , birds ' nests , junk and so on .

Major routes were cart-tracks and marauding bandits and unscrupulous innkeepers thought nothing of robbery and murder .
major [paths] were cart-tracks and marauding bandits and unscrupulous innkeepers thought nothing of robbery and murder .

To help the traveller negotiate the world 's railroads ( about 800 thousand miles , 1.3 million kilometres of main routes ) Thomas Cook publish two remarkable handbooks which together list the world 's principal rail , shipping and bus timetables .
to help the traveller negotiate the world 's railroads ( about 800 thousand miles , 1.3 million kilometres of main [paths] ) thomas cook publish two remarkable handbooks which together list the world 's principal rail , shipping and bus timetables .

By 1918 there were very few sailing ships left on the major shipping routes .
by 1918 there were very few sailing ships left on the major shipping [paths] .

When Imperial Airways was formed in 1924 to link the British Empire by a network of routes it had to overcome the problem of flying over featureless deserts with virtually no navigational aids .
when imperial airways was formed in 1924 to link the british empire by a network of [paths] it had to overcome the problem of flying over featureless deserts with virtually no navigational aids .

On long routes there were many overnight stops when passengers were put up in luxury hotels and enjoyed a night on the town .
on long [paths] there were many overnight stops when passengers were put up in luxury hotels and enjoyed a night on the town .

There can be few places with such a concentration of communication routes going back over 2,000 years .
there can be few places with such a concentration of communication [paths] going back over 2,000 years .

But , since the earliest times man has made a network of tracks and paths to form routes across the countryside .
but , since the earliest times man has made a network of tracks and paths to form [paths] across the countryside .

The variety of routes taken by couples make it impossible to track the course most frequently taken .
the variety of [paths] taken by couples make it impossible to track the course most frequently taken .

At the time of research there were over sixty well defined and locationally stable neighbourhood groups in the city of Pittsburgh , together with several official umbrella organisations and established routes of representation for neighbourhood groups .
at the time of research there were over sixty well defined and locationally stable neighbourhood groups in the city of pittsburgh , together with several official umbrella organisations and established [paths] of representation for neighbourhood groups .

Cumberland now sent orders to the Lords Lieutenant of Lancashire , Westmorland and Cumberland to break up the roads , tear down the bridges and block possible escape routes by felling trees but by the time he reached Preston , on 13 December 1745 , when he was joined by the cavalry sent by General Wade from Newcastle , Prince Charles 's troops had reached Lancaster , 20 miles [ 32 km ] further north , though General Oglethorpe 's detachment was a mere three miles [ 5 km ] behind and almost in contact with the enemy rearguard .
cumberland now sent orders to the lords lieutenant of lancashire , westmorland and cumberland to break up the roads , tear down the bridges and block possible escape [paths] by felling trees but by the time he reached preston , on 13 december 1745 , when he was joined by the cavalry sent by general wade from newcastle , prince charles 's troops had reached lancaster , 20 miles [ 32 km ] further north , though general oglethorpe 's detachment was a mere three miles [ 5 km ] behind and almost in contact with the enemy rearguard .

As it happened , of the 5381 children who arrived in the first six months of 1939 , only 113 re-emigrated , and most of those went to join their parents who had escaped Germany by other routes .
as it happened , of the 5381 children who arrived in the first six months of 1939 , only 113 re-emigrated , and most of those went to join their parents who had escaped germany by other [paths] .

With weeks , sometimes months between the issue of travel documents and their actual use , frequent changes in timetabling and the inevitable delays on overworked railways and sea routes , predicting when and where a transport would arrive was about as reliable as betting on a roulette wheel .
with weeks , sometimes months between the issue of travel documents and their actual use , frequent changes in timetabling and the inevitable delays on overworked railways and sea [paths] , predicting when and where a transport would arrive was about as reliable as betting on a roulette wheel .

In the spring of 1939 clashes between Germans and Poles in the so-called ‘ free city ’ of Danzig added another starting point to the already confused map of Kindertransporte routes .
in the spring of 1939 clashes between germans and poles in the so-called ‘ free city ’ of danzig added another starting point to the already confused map of kindertransporte [paths] .

That original production was just a compilation of fairly amateur footage , but now Havis has moved into the big league with broadcast TV-quality programmes featuring the pilot's-eye view of a number of interesting routes flown by different airlines worldwide .
that original production was just a compilation of fairly amateur footage , but now havis has moved into the big league with broadcast tv-quality programmes featuring the pilot's-eye view of a number of interesting [paths] flown by different airlines worldwide .

For professional staff , qualification courses form a minority of the programmes undertaken , though suggested changes in routes to Fellowship currently being debated , may alter the balance of qualification-related/non-qualification training .
for professional staff , qualification courses form a minority of the programmes undertaken , though suggested changes in [paths] to fellowship currently being debated , may alter the balance of qualification-related/non-qualification training .

Where are the communications routes on land and water ?
where are the communications [paths] on land and water ?

In any case , she preferred killing grounds with at least two and preferably three escape routes .
in any case , she preferred killing grounds with at least two and preferably three escape [paths] .

The rabbits have many escape routes along which the ferrets can not pass .
the rabbits have many escape [paths] along which the ferrets can not pass .

Crafthole was on one of the main routes into Cornwall and the same writer Carew , recorded that it was customary for those passing through to make fun of the village ladies for their somewhat notorious lack of morals .
crafthole was on one of the main [paths] into cornwall and the same writer carew , recorded that it was customary for those passing through to make fun of the village ladies for their somewhat notorious lack of morals .

These routes , or patrols , are known in bream fisher 's jargon as ‘ heats ’ .
these [paths] , or patrols , are known in bream fisher 's jargon as ‘ heats ’ .

They are invisible paths along the bottom of a fishery which the bream have chosen as their feeding routes , and they adhere to them as though every other area of the water was barren .
they are invisible paths along the bottom of a fishery which the bream have chosen as their feeding [paths] , and they adhere to them as though every other area of the water was barren .

When bream patrol their feeding routes they frequently display themselves at the surface .
when bream patrol their feeding [paths] they frequently display themselves at the surface .

Locating the patrol routes
locating the patrol [paths]

Locating the feeding routes of bream is no less important when float fishing from a punt than when legering from the bank .
locating the feeding [paths] of bream is no less important when float fishing from a punt than when legering from the bank .

The walks have been arranged to cater for all age groups , with a few designed for those with limited walking ability , and some have been planned to link with bus routes .
the walks have been arranged to cater for all age groups , with a few designed for those with limited walking ability , and some have been planned to link with bus [paths] .

The tramway system at its maximum extent , following the take-over of the Blackpool and Fleetwood Tramroad in 1920 , when there were approximately twenty miles of routes .
the tramway system at its maximum extent , following the take-over of the blackpool and fleetwood tramroad in 1920 , when there were approximately twenty miles of [paths] .

In the following year , a one-mile route from Talbot Square to Layton Cemetery was opened on June 19th 1902 , putting an end to the horse buses which had served the inland routes since being banned from the Promenade in 1899 .
in the following year , a one-mile route from talbot square to layton cemetery was opened on june 19th 1902 , putting an end to the horse buses which had served the inland [paths] since being banned from the promenade in 1899 .

After the demise of the Layton and Central Drive routes in 1936 — see page 28 — trams operated a three-minute service between Talbot Square and Royal Oak , extended to South Pier in the summer season via Lytham Road and Station Road .
after the demise of the layton and central drive [paths] in 1936 — see page 28 — trams operated a three-minute service between talbot square and royal oak , extended to south pier in the summer season via lytham road and station road .

The last trams on these routes ran on the night of 19 October 1936 .
the last trams on these [paths] ran on the night of 19 october 1936 .

There was a general need for a new class of car which would be purpose-built for the town routes .
there was a general need for a new class of car which would be purpose-built for the town [paths] .

The need for a Blackpool standard car , arose from the year-round requirement for good riding and reliable cars for the town routes .
the need for a blackpool standard car , arose from the year-round requirement for good riding and reliable cars for the town [paths] .

As the new railcoaches arrived , they were tried on each of the routes in turn , with the exception of Marton and Layton .
as the new railcoaches arrived , they were tried on each of the [paths] in turn , with the exception of marton and layton .

Following the demise of Bispham and Marton Depots and the routes that they served , in the early Sixties , twenty railcoaches were scrapped and two transformed into illuminated cars .
following the demise of bispham and marton depots and the [paths] that they served , in the early sixties , twenty railcoaches were scrapped and two transformed into illuminated cars .

Criticism that the new cars could not operate the town routes , provoked Luff to arrange a demonstration for the Transport Committee on the Marton route .
criticism that the new cars could not operate the town [paths] , provoked luff to arrange a demonstration for the transport committee on the marton route .

Thereafter it was used as a running-shed , serving the Promenade , Fleetwood and Marton routes in turn , until in 1945 it became a store for surplus trams .
thereafter it was used as a running-shed , serving the promenade , fleetwood and marton [paths] in turn , until in 1945 it became a store for surplus trams .

In 1901 a depot was built for twenty cars on Whitegate Drive , Marton , to serve the town routes , but the new cars could not enter because the curves were too tight !
in 1901 a depot was built for twenty cars on whitegate drive , marton , to serve the town [paths] , but the new cars could not enter because the curves were too tight !

Although achieved briefly , it was not until the closure of the street routes in the early Sixties , that the fleet was centralised on this depot .
although achieved briefly , it was not until the closure of the street [paths] in the early sixties , that the fleet was centralised on this depot .

Walter Luff did not make the same mistakes as his predecessor , and paralleled the extensive improvements on the tramway by a redevelopment office of the bus system , including the sacrifice of two heavily-trafficked tram routes to bus operation .
walter luff did not make the same mistakes as his predecessor , and paralleled the extensive improvements on the tramway by a redevelopment office of the bus system , including the sacrifice of two heavily-trafficked tram [paths] to bus operation .

The characteristic feature of Brindley 's canals was their winding routes , following contours as far as possible without involving major earthworks .
the characteristic feature of brindley 's canals was their winding [paths] , following contours as far as possible without involving major earthworks .

Northwich , Middlewich and Nantwich , as well as Droitwich in Hereford and Worcester , were all known to the Romans for their salt deposits , and several ancient routes across Britain are known as ‘ salt ways ’ because salt was carried on them in trains of packhorses to the far corners of the kingdom .
northwich , middlewich and nantwich , as well as droitwich in hereford and worcester , were all known to the romans for their salt deposits , and several ancient [paths] across britain are known as ‘ salt ways ’ because salt was carried on them in trains of packhorses to the far corners of the kingdom .

Soon they were selling goods to Faccenda 's customers at lower prices , operating along the same routes as Faccenda and generally making calls earlier in the week than Faccenda .
soon they were selling goods to faccenda 's customers at lower prices , operating along the same [paths] as faccenda and generally making calls earlier in the week than faccenda .

Faccenda argued that its former employees had made improper use of a ‘ package ’ of confidential information , ie names and addresses of customers , the best routes to take to reach them , details of their usual requirements , times of Faccenda 's usual deliveries and , above all , information about Faccenda 's prices .
faccenda argued that its former employees had made improper use of a ‘ package ’ of confidential information , ie names and addresses of customers , the best [paths] to take to reach them , details of their usual requirements , times of faccenda 's usual deliveries and , above all , information about faccenda 's prices .

In the little time that remained , plans for Germany were made , and no doubt farewell visits took the three friends by now-familiar routes to the beach at Kilve , to Holford Combe and Hodder 's Combe , and far into the hills .
in the little time that remained , plans for germany were made , and no doubt farewell visits took the three friends by now-familiar [paths] to the beach at kilve , to holford combe and hodder 's combe , and far into the hills .

Huddersfield Polytechnic has opened a new biotechnology laboratory which will carry out research in to the manufacture of chemical products using biotechnology instead of traditional chemical routes .
huddersfield polytechnic has opened a new biotechnology laboratory which will carry out research in to the manufacture of chemical products using biotechnology instead of traditional chemical [paths] .

Getting people into appropriate slots — with the right experience behind them — mans that succession routes can be mapped out .
getting people into appropriate slots — with the right experience behind them — mans that succession [paths] can be mapped out .

As many again might have escaped by other routes .
as many again might have escaped by other [paths] .

After the war in 1920 , the National Bus Company set up in some strength and began to run various routes .
after the war in 1920 , the national bus company set up in some strength and began to run various [paths] .

Education traditionally has taught , trained and certificated its own through in-house courses and Higher Education institutions and teachers ' routes to personal and professional development have remained within the educational sphere .
education traditionally has taught , trained and certificated its own through in-house courses and higher education institutions and teachers ' [paths] to personal and professional development have remained within the educational sphere .

This means a network of modern highways , high-speed trains , airports and air routes , superior facilities for passenger and freight handling — and telecommunications that support the management of trade .
this means a network of modern highways , high-speed trains , airports and air [paths] , superior facilities for passenger and freight handling — and telecommunications that support the management of trade .

Individual contacts with schools , educator-into-business schemes , industrial secondments , and seminars all provide routes for the development of new skills and techniques and the provision of support and encouragement .
individual contacts with schools , educator-into-business schemes , industrial secondments , and seminars all provide [paths] for the development of new skills and techniques and the provision of support and encouragement .

The implications of this would seem to be that 1975–85 did not see a process of structural change , but simply the latest in a series of chaotic attempts by central actors to use local government as a means of achieving their ends , without any appreciation of the range of different interests reflected in its various policy networks , and which are also linked by various routes to the still disaggregated parts of the centre .
the implications of this would seem to be that 1975–85 did not see a process of structural change , but simply the latest in a series of chaotic attempts by central actors to use local government as a means of achieving their ends , without any appreciation of the range of different interests reflected in its various policy networks , and which are also linked by various [paths] to the still disaggregated parts of the centre .

Bicycles can be hired from a variety of outlets and there are many excellent routes , including a 100 mile route around South Somerset .
bicycles can be hired from a variety of outlets and there are many excellent [paths] , including a 100 mile route around south somerset .

Once you begin to stray from easily measured routes and landmarks , you will need to acquire a pedometer .
once you begin to stray from easily measured [paths] and landmarks , you will need to acquire a pedometer .

Uneconomical routes waste time .
uneconomical [paths] waste time .

New routes to simple compounds
new [paths] to simple compounds

Their routes are long , and , by European standards , carry an infrequent service .
their [paths] are long , and , by european standards , carry an infrequent service .

If the concentration of modifying oxide is sufficient , the threads of modifier will percolate through the whole structure defining routes that avoid the insulating silicate network .
if the concentration of modifying oxide is sufficient , the threads of modifier will percolate through the whole structure defining [paths] that avoid the insulating silicate network .

In 1981 the Japanese national railway started studying four such routes ; Los Angeles to San Diego ; Dallas to Houston ; Miami to Tampa and Chicago to Detroit .
in 1981 the japanese national railway started studying four such [paths] ; los angeles to san diego ; dallas to houston ; miami to tampa and chicago to detroit .

In the 11 months following the reorganisation , in which the two routes for obtaining research funds from the government were merged into one , the department has approved grants worth £100 million .
in the 11 months following the reorganisation , in which the two [paths] for obtaining research funds from the government were merged into one , the department has approved grants worth £100 million .

After the end of 1983 , Telecom will order no more copper coaxial cable for its trunk routes , and by the end of the decade one half of its trunk lines will be fibres .
after the end of 1983 , telecom will order no more copper coaxial cable for its trunk [paths] , and by the end of the decade one half of its trunk lines will be fibres .

Lead got into the cider through all sorts of routes .
lead got into the cider through all sorts of [paths] .

Then there are the technological routes out of the materials bottleneck .
then there are the technological [paths] out of the materials bottleneck .

These leys were the remnants of Neolithic traders ' routes , Watkins surmised , which had ranged across the countryside and were marked with standing stones and mounds of earth or cairns .
these leys were the remnants of neolithic traders ' [paths] , watkins surmised , which had ranged across the countryside and were marked with standing stones and mounds of earth or cairns .

Local storms at sea and strong equinoctial tides may affect whale migration routes that pass close to the coast .
local storms at sea and strong equinoctial tides may affect whale migration [paths] that pass close to the coast .

Viruses attack cells by several distinct routes . The more we know of the details , the more possible it becomes to control them
viruses attack cells by several distinct [paths] . the more we know of the details , the more possible it becomes to control them

There are two principal routes .
there are two principal [paths] .

In 1977 the Neeman committee studied possible routes and recommended the one leading from Qatif to Massada .
in 1977 the neeman committee studied possible [paths] and recommended the one leading from qatif to massada .

Of the four remaining , the three mountain routes cut straight across from the Mediterranean coast and tunnelled through the Judean Hills .
of the four remaining , the three mountain [paths] cut straight across from the mediterranean coast and tunnelled through the judean hills .

Its case was based both on the opportunities that this route offered for regional development in the northern Negev , and on the destructive effects on the environment that any of the other routes entailed .
its case was based both on the opportunities that this route offered for regional development in the northern negev , and on the destructive effects on the environment that any of the other [paths] entailed .

The northern and central mountain routes also had serious problems .
the northern and central mountain [paths] also had serious problems .

As caravan routes became more organised , large cities sprang up it crucial junctions .
as caravan [paths] became more organised , large cities sprang up it crucial junctions .

Fortunately , with a little knowledge of the ancient trade routes between Europe and Northern Asia , the places he named enable us to trace the route he followed and to identify other interesting locations the mission must have visited .
fortunately , with a little knowledge of the ancient trade [paths] between europe and northern asia , the places he named enable us to trace the route he followed and to identify other interesting locations the mission must have visited .

Through the centuries of developing life , the need to choose one or the other of the two routes indicated in the Choices has faced all human races .
through the centuries of developing life , the need to choose one or the other of the two [paths] indicated in the choices has faced all human races .

Thus archbishops , forging links with the Holy See , and numerous pilgrims , plied this and other routes between north and south , finding the road to Rome .
thus archbishops , forging links with the holy see , and numerous pilgrims , plied this and other [paths] between north and south , finding the road to rome .

Only a fraction of the aggregates and minerals used in construction will come from Kent itself while imported material must travel by prescribed rail routes wherever possible .
only a fraction of the aggregates and minerals used in construction will come from kent itself while imported material must travel by prescribed rail [paths] wherever possible .

Set against the British Rail 's as yet unapproved plans for a single specially constructed high speed line between the Channel Tunnel and London look rather modest although work is underway to electrify the three main trunk routes between London and Glasgow to take trains at up to 225kph .
set against the british rail 's as yet unapproved plans for a single specially constructed high speed line between the channel tunnel and london look rather modest although work is underway to electrify the three main trunk [paths] between london and glasgow to take trains at up to 225kph .

The government points to ‘ massive ’ expenditure on the motorway network and the electrification of the London-Glasgow rail routes as examples of public investment which will give the regions better access to the Tunnel .
the government points to ‘ massive ’ expenditure on the motorway network and the electrification of the london-glasgow rail [paths] as examples of public investment which will give the regions better access to the tunnel .

In addition to the students coming in through the normal channels , two non-uniform routes have emerged during the eighties .
in addition to the students coming in through the normal channels , two non-uniform [paths] have emerged during the eighties .

The database concept is ideally suited to professional activities since it relies on an assumption that an ‘ architecture ’ of information storage and retrieval will follow predetermined ( albeit flexible ) routes .
the database concept is ideally suited to professional activities since it relies on an assumption that an ‘ architecture ’ of information storage and retrieval will follow predetermined ( albeit flexible ) [paths] .

We were to drive to Paris the long way , via cups of steaming chocolat on the quayside in Honfleur and a saucisson and baguette picnic on the back seat outside the Palace of Versailles : some motorway , some back roads , some Routes Nationales and then the Peripherique and Paris .
we were to drive to paris the long way , via cups of steaming chocolat on the quayside in honfleur and a saucisson and baguette picnic on the back seat outside the palace of versailles : some motorway , some back roads , some [paths] nationales and then the peripherique and paris .

The committee were trying to complete the links in the Routes for Riders plan at Liphook Golf Club and Passfield Common .
the committee were trying to complete the links in the [paths] for riders plan at liphook golf club and passfield common .

Signalled by changes in the weather , great herds of these deer follow ancestral migration routes to sheltered valleys and more ample food supplies .
signalled by changes in the weather , great herds of these deer follow ancestral migration [paths] to sheltered valleys and more ample food supplies .

The routes have been trodden by generation after generation of their kind , for longer than man can remember , with only the slightest variations .
the [paths] have been trodden by generation after generation of their kind , for longer than man can remember , with only the slightest variations .

So the mysteries of migration routes , which prompted this brief foray into the biological and geological past , is only one of a myriad miraculous facets of nature , of the greater Mind , that tells us of the great planetary drama in which life has existed , maintained within such finely balanced parameters , for hundreds of millions , if not billions of years .
so the mysteries of migration [paths] , which prompted this brief foray into the biological and geological past , is only one of a myriad miraculous facets of nature , of the greater mind , that tells us of the great planetary drama in which life has existed , maintained within such finely balanced parameters , for hundreds of millions , if not billions of years .

.. are ways of the earth spirit , not merely secular routes but natural channels of energy , first traced out by the creative gods , followed by the primeval wandering tribes and still in settled times used by religious processions or pilgrims to a shrine .
.. are ways of the earth spirit , not merely secular [paths] but natural channels of energy , first traced out by the creative gods , followed by the primeval wandering tribes and still in settled times used by religious processions or pilgrims to a shrine .

This type is multicursal — in other words , there is a choice of routes .
this type is multicursal — in other words , there is a choice of [paths] .

Jim Perrin , interviewing the climber John Gill , refers to how some hypnagogic states have their parallels in situations of action and describes how , on easy routes , Gill ‘ could feel himself weaving in and out of the rock , peering out from the other side of its surface ’ .
jim perrin , interviewing the climber john gill , refers to how some hypnagogic states have their parallels in situations of action and describes how , on easy [paths] , gill ‘ could feel himself weaving in and out of the rock , peering out from the other side of its surface ’ .

Dr Dafydd Griffiths , at the Institute of Archaeology , has been using these techniques to find answers to these questions , which could throw considerable light on past trading routes and cultural contacts .
dr dafydd griffiths , at the institute of archaeology , has been using these techniques to find answers to these questions , which could throw considerable light on past trading [paths] and cultural contacts .

Specified entry and exit routes are envisaged for waste entering or leaving the Community .
specified entry and exit [paths] are envisaged for waste entering or leaving the community .

There are also alternative routes for producing macroporous hydroxyapatite powder which will create macroporosity during firing of the mixture .
there are also alternative [paths] for producing macroporous hydroxyapatite powder which will create macroporosity during firing of the mixture .

On the routes between sources and receptors , many environmental processes work to eliminate , modify to more or less harmful substances , or transfer chemicals between land , sea and air .
on the [paths] between sources and receptors , many environmental processes work to eliminate , modify to more or less harmful substances , or transfer chemicals between land , sea and air .

We had heard that there were escape routes through France and Spain , but naturally none of us knew any of the details .
we had heard that there were escape [paths] through france and spain , but naturally none of us knew any of the details .

We try to offset this by widening access through alternative routes , multi-level patterns and so forth , as described in later pages , but the essential problem of supply and demand remains .
we try to offset this by widening access through alternative [paths] , multi-level patterns and so forth , as described in later pages , but the essential problem of supply and demand remains .

Routes to the Degree
[paths] to the degree

The degree is available by two routes .
the degree is available by two [paths] .

( See Routes to the Degree . )
( see [paths] to the degree . )

Routes to the Degree
[paths] to the degree

The degree is available by two routes .
the degree is available by two [paths] .

( See Routes to the Degree . )
( see [paths] to the degree . )

Routes to the Degree
[paths] to the degree

The degree is available by two routes .
the degree is available by two [paths] .

( See Routes to the Degree . )
( see [paths] to the degree . )

Routes to the Degree
[paths] to the degree

The degree is available by two routes .
the degree is available by two [paths] .

( See Routes to the Degree . )
( see [paths] to the degree . )

Routes to the Degree
[paths] to the degree

The degree is available by two routes .
the degree is available by two [paths] .

( See Routes to the Degree . )
( see [paths] to the degree . )

The Zimbabwean government has sustained its high level of educational spending in the face of a growing debt burden , the economic burden of the war in Mozambique and the cost of trade routes through South Africa .
the zimbabwean government has sustained its high level of educational spending in the face of a growing debt burden , the economic burden of the war in mozambique and the cost of trade [paths] through south africa .

If the impoverished crofters of the Highlands and Islands and their ‘ young kilted boys and tartan-dressed girls ’ that ran alongside canals and coach routes ‘ rewarded by having money thrown at them ’ had had the ability and opportunity to read that last item , the Victorians might not have travelled through their territory with such confidence … But the natives were friendly except for a few incidents in Skye .
if the impoverished crofters of the highlands and islands and their ‘ young kilted boys and tartan-dressed girls ’ that ran alongside canals and coach [paths] ‘ rewarded by having money thrown at them ’ had had the ability and opportunity to read that last item , the victorians might not have travelled through their territory with such confidence … but the natives were friendly except for a few incidents in skye .

They come from many backgrounds , some from comfortable homes , and have found their various routes to inner and outer darkness .
they come from many backgrounds , some from comfortable homes , and have found their various [paths] to inner and outer darkness .

What two reasons are there for the Plymouth-Roscoff ferry route being less busy than other cross-Channel ferry routes ?
what two reasons are there for the plymouth-roscoff ferry route being less busy than other cross-channel ferry [paths] ?

Parents and teachers who maximize children ’ s communicative capabilities , through sign language , ﬁnger spelling , special computer technology , and other symbolic innovations , grant them access to the minds of others and to tools for collaborating with more capable partners in their “ zones ” —sure routes to realizing their potential .
parents and teachers who maximize children ’ s communicative capabilities , through sign language , ﬁnger spelling , special computer technology , and other symbolic innovations , grant them access to the minds of others and to tools for collaborating with more capable partners in their “ zones ” —sure [paths] to realizing their potential .

By rather independent intellectual routes that began with physicist John McCaskill ’ s eVorts to create a computer soup of Turing machines that “ operated ” on one another , Walter invented “ algorithmic chemistry. ” Naturally , and most naturally in Santa Fe , where one can be healed by means known nowhere else in the universe , Walter nicknamed algorithmic chemistry “ Alchemy. ” Unlike the alchemy of Newton ’ s time , Walter ’ s works .
by rather independent intellectual [paths] that began with physicist john mccaskill ’ s evorts to create a computer soup of turing machines that “ operated ” on one another , walter invented “ algorithmic chemistry. ” naturally , and most naturally in santa fe , where one can be healed by means known nowhere else in the universe , walter nicknamed algorithmic chemistry “ alchemy. ” unlike the alchemy of newton ’ s time , walter ’ s works .

I ’ m deeply glad to be chairman of the board and chief scientist of Bios , to be working with a very creative group of colleagues , and to be finding routes in the practical world where our ideas do , in fact , apply .
i ’ m deeply glad to be chairman of the board and chief scientist of bios , to be working with a very creative group of colleagues , and to be finding [paths] in the practical world where our ideas do , in fact , apply .

They held sway over islands off the northern Greek coast , but the Phoenicians kept control of the main sea routes ; south of the area , trade continued as usual .
they held sway over islands off the northern greek coast , but the phoenicians kept control of the main sea [paths] ; south of the area , trade continued as usual .

Hellenistic and Roman Periods When Alexander went on to conquer lands as far to the east as India , the Aegean became a crossroads for the long trading routes .
hellenistic and roman periods when alexander went on to conquer lands as far to the east as india , the aegean became a crossroads for the long trading [paths] .

The Aegean Islands , which for centuries had been important ports on the trading routes , became the backwaters of this new transport network and the economies of several islands came close to collapse .
the aegean islands , which for centuries had been important ports on the trading [paths] , became the backwaters of this new transport network and the economies of several islands came close to collapse .

A fleet of rental sailboats uses this port as a base , and commercial ferries ply their regular routes to other islands from here .
a fleet of rental sailboats uses this port as a base , and commercial ferries ply their regular [paths] to other islands from here .

Though the road eventually reaches a dead end , there are a number of marked hiking routes back towards Ullswater or south over higher ground to Patterdale .
though the road eventually reaches a dead end , there are a number of marked hiking [paths] back towards ullswater or south over higher ground to patterdale .

There are a variety of routes , which can last from a morning to several days .
there are a variety of [paths] , which can last from a morning to several days .

It is also the hub for bus routes around the city .
it is also the hub for bus [paths] around the city .

Spices : The long trade routes north and east that came together in Egypt for centuries made it a marketplace for many spices .
spices : the long trade [paths] north and east that came together in egypt for centuries made it a marketplace for many spices .

To control land and sea routes to the south , the Mauryas still needed to conquer the eastern kingdom of Kalinga ( modern Orissa ) .
to control land and sea [paths] to the south , the mauryas still needed to conquer the eastern kingdom of kalinga ( modern orissa ) .

For those who want a slightly more challenging walk , but without a lot of hills to walk up and down , there are a number of routes in the Lake District with little or no gradient .
for those who want a slightly more challenging walk , but without a lot of hills to walk up and down , there are a number of [paths] in the lake district with little or no gradient .

Examples include routes along Wrynose bottom , around Wast Water , the path along the stream bed at Watendlath , or the course around Blea Tarn in the Langdale Fells ; the latter two routes are especially beautiful .
examples include [paths] along wrynose bottom , around wast water , the path along the stream bed at watendlath , or the course around blea tarn in the langdale fells ; the latter two [paths] are especially beautiful .

The tourist information centres throughout the region all have a vast amount of information on routes for all abilities , as well as maps and charts to help you plan an outing .
the tourist information centres throughout the region all have a vast amount of information on [paths] for all abilities , as well as maps and charts to help you plan an outing .

For those who would prefer to cycle off-road , there are tracks through the forests at Grizedale and Whinlatter and some well marked cross-country routes .
for those who would prefer to cycle off-road , there are tracks through the forests at grizedale and whinlatter and some well marked cross-country [paths] .

Even today it is easy to see why major roads bypass the area ; the only routes that traverse the region are smaller roads that twist and turn along the river dales and up through the craggy mountain passes .
even today it is easy to see why major roads bypass the area ; the only [paths] that traverse the region are smaller roads that twist and turn along the river dales and up through the craggy mountain passes .

Queensferry and the Forth Bridge Approximately 13 kilometers ( 8 miles ) west of the city is Queensferry , a town that developed as a crossing point of the Firth of Forth for routes to the north of Scotland .
queensferry and the forth bridge approximately 13 kilometers ( 8 miles ) west of the city is queensferry , a town that developed as a crossing point of the firth of forth for [paths] to the north of scotland .

You can wander on your own or join a guided walking tour ( for routes and times , check with the Tourist Information offices at Safra Square and Jaffa Gate ) .
you can wander on your own or join a guided walking tour ( for [paths] and times , check with the tourist information offices at safra square and jaffa gate ) .

Some of Jerusalem ’ s historians and Christian communities have mapped out other possible routes , based on alternative traditions and archeological evidence .
some of jerusalem ’ s historians and christian communities have mapped out other possible [paths] , based on alternative traditions and archeological evidence .

Outlying Neighborhoods Farther west from Zion Square , but still accessible by city bus ( routes 9 and 17 ) , are many more points of interest .
outlying neighborhoods farther west from zion square , but still accessible by city bus ( [paths] 9 and 17 ) , are many more points of interest .

Under the wise reign of Solomon , the city flourished as the capital of an empire that stretched from Damascus to the Red Sea and controlled the trade routes from Egypt to Phoenicia .
under the wise reign of solomon , the city flourished as the capital of an empire that stretched from damascus to the red sea and controlled the trade [paths] from egypt to phoenicia .

The official climbing season is 1 July to 31 August , although mountain huts at each of the ten stations on the various routes of ascent are open from April to mid-November .
the official climbing season is 1 july to 31 august , although mountain huts at each of the ten stations on the various [paths] of ascent are open from april to mid-november .

The city has two subway lines , several small private railway lines , and many bus routes .
the city has two subway lines , several small private railway lines , and many bus [paths] .

There are literally thousands of climbing challenges , from small bouldering routes to towering , experts-only cliffs .
there are literally thousands of climbing challenges , from small bouldering [paths] to towering , experts-only cliffs .

Red Rock Canyon affords numerous routes , including a two-mile Pine Creek Canyon trek and a slightly longer walk along the Keystone Thrust Trail .
red rock canyon affords numerous [paths] , including a two-mile pine creek canyon trek and a slightly longer walk along the keystone thrust trail .

It has bunny , intermediate , and expert routes , along with all the trappings : ski rental , ski school , and a lounge .
it has bunny , intermediate , and expert [paths] , along with all the trappings : ski rental , ski school , and a lounge .

Another bout of progress occurred in 1994 when a peace agreement was signed with Jordan , leading to the opening of the southern Eilat-Aqaba and Arava border routes .
another bout of progress occurred in 1994 when a peace agreement was signed with jordan , leading to the opening of the southern eilat-aqaba and arava border [paths] .

Otherwise , it ’ s more fun to explore the country along the good-quality secondary roads ( routes nationales , with a number preceded by an N ) .
otherwise , it ’ s more fun to explore the country along the good-quality secondary roads ( [paths] nationales , with a number preceded by an n ) .

Côte d ’ Delightful as the vineyards of Burgundy may be , the landscape and villages of certain other routes des vins may be considered prettier — those of Alsace , for instance .
côte d ’ delightful as the vineyards of burgundy may be , the landscape and villages of certain other [paths] des vins may be considered prettier — those of alsace , for instance .

Berry-Limousin Many visitors driving from Paris to the Dordogne and Toulouse speed through this area on the autoroute , missing some very pleasant countryside and towns and the joy of driving on more relaxing routes nationales .
berry-limousin many visitors driving from paris to the dordogne and toulouse speed through this area on the autoroute , missing some very pleasant countryside and towns and the joy of driving on more relaxing [paths] nationales .

Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port was the last stage before crossing into Spain on one of the main routes of pilgrimage to Santiago de Compostela — and you can still follow the pilgrims ’ path around the ramparts , up a stairway through Porte Saint-Jacques to the ville haute .
saint-jean-pied-de-port was the last stage before crossing into spain on one of the main [paths] of pilgrimage to santiago de compostela — and you can still follow the pilgrims ’ path around the ramparts , up a stairway through porte saint-jacques to the ville haute .

Being a vital strategic point in the trade routes between Egypt and Syria , it was fought over , razed , and rebuilt so many times from the period of ancient Mesopotamia onwards that its name became synonymous with war and destruction .
being a vital strategic point in the trade [paths] between egypt and syria , it was fought over , razed , and rebuilt so many times from the period of ancient mesopotamia onwards that its name became synonymous with war and destruction .

With the shift of trade routes from land to sea , Petra ’ s importance declined dramatically .
with the shift of trade [paths] from land to sea , petra ’ s importance declined dramatically .

These small , prettily painted boats ply their routes from main towns to nearby beaches .
these small , prettily painted boats ply their [paths] from main towns to nearby beaches .

The great cities of Jaisalmer and Jodhpur are on the ancient caravan routes from the Indus Valley to the Thar Desert , for this is a land of cattle-herders too .
the great cities of jaisalmer and jodhpur are on the ancient caravan [paths] from the indus valley to the thar desert , for this is a land of cattle-herders too .

Many of the high packhorse routes had ceased to be used for the transportation of goods , but these old “ rights of way ” for foot and bridle traffic were now transformed into an extensive network of marked and mapped routes ideal for recreational walkers and hikers .
many of the high packhorse [paths] had ceased to be used for the transportation of goods , but these old “ rights of way ” for foot and bridle traffic were now transformed into an extensive network of marked and mapped [paths] ideal for recreational walkers and hikers .

The Persians coveted them over 7,000 years ago , and they were stepping-stones on the long East–West trading routes throughout Hellenistic and Roman times .
the persians coveted them over 7,000 years ago , and they were stepping-stones on the long east–west trading [paths] throughout hellenistic and roman times .

You will see here the boarding locations for the island ’ s various bus routes ( see page 126 ) .
you will see here the boarding locations for the island ’ s various bus [paths] ( see page 126 ) .

You can take three main routes to travel south and west along Bermuda ’ s “ fish-hook. ” The northernmost ( called most appropriately Harbour Road ) leads along the south shore of Hamilton Harbour , with views of the islands that lie scattered in Great Sound and make navigation into the cruise port so tricky .
you can take three main [paths] to travel south and west along bermuda ’ s “ fish-hook. ” the northernmost ( called most appropriately harbour road ) leads along the south shore of hamilton harbour , with views of the islands that lie scattered in great sound and make navigation into the cruise port so tricky .

A number of ferry terminals on the Hamilton-Warwick and Hamilton-Paget routes can be found on Harbour Road , as can many hotels and guest houses , away from the bustle of Hamilton but within easy reach of all its facilities .
a number of ferry terminals on the hamilton-warwick and hamilton-paget [paths] can be found on harbour road , as can many hotels and guest houses , away from the bustle of hamilton but within easy reach of all its facilities .

One mile beyond the lighthouse , South Road joins Middle Road , which continues on toward Bermuda ’ s West End ( bus routes # 7 and # 8 ) .
one mile beyond the lighthouse , south road joins middle road , which continues on toward bermuda ’ s west end ( bus [paths] # 7 and # 8 ) .

If traveling by bus ( Routes # 7 or # 8 ) , you will alight at the last stop ; arriving by ferry , you should turn right from the ferry port and follow the footpath around the dock , where you will see the walls of the central fortress ( or “ keep ” ) rising in front of you .
if traveling by bus ( [paths] # 7 or # 8 ) , you will alight at the last stop ; arriving by ferry , you should turn right from the ferry port and follow the footpath around the dock , where you will see the walls of the central fortress ( or “ keep ” ) rising in front of you .

On the far side of the bridge that spans the entrance to Harrington Sound is the Bermuda Aquarium , Natural History Museum , and Zoo ( bus routes # 3 , # 10 , and # 11 ) .
on the far side of the bridge that spans the entrance to harrington sound is the bermuda aquarium , natural history museum , and zoo ( bus [paths] # 3 , # 10 , and # 11 ) .

From the Aquarium , the North Shore Road ( bus routes # 10 and # 11 ) continues to the east .
from the aquarium , the north shore road ( bus [paths] # 10 and # 11 ) continues to the east .

Spittal Pond is well known for providing rest and recuperation for birds blown off course on long migratory routes : it is possible to spot unusual species that have drifted off their normal routes .
spittal pond is well known for providing rest and recuperation for birds blown off course on long migratory [paths] : it is possible to spot unusual species that have drifted off their normal [paths] .

Most people who opt for this latter type of trek stay in the numerous and increasingly more comfortable trailside lodges that can be found on the major trekking routes .
most people who opt for this latter type of trek stay in the numerous and increasingly more comfortable trailside lodges that can be found on the major trekking [paths] .

Trekking routes often wind in and out of gorges and deep river valleys , which involves much ascending and descending of steep trails , often stone staircases .
trekking [paths] often wind in and out of gorges and deep river valleys , which involves much ascending and descending of steep trails , often stone staircases .

Although the presence of electricity in many of the villages along the main trekking routes means that trekkers often stay up later than in the past , most people are so exhausted after a day of trekking that they head for bed around 9pm anyway .
although the presence of electricity in many of the villages along the main trekking [paths] means that trekkers often stay up later than in the past , most people are so exhausted after a day of trekking that they head for bed around 9pm anyway .

Cycle routes parallel most roadways making longer journeys relatively easy , and sporting groups or families will head out to villages like Monnikendam or Marken .
cycle [paths] parallel most roadways making longer journeys relatively easy , and sporting groups or families will head out to villages like monnikendam or marken .

It ’ s the bridge you ’ ll take to go to Berkeley ( see page 40 ) and is one of the routes to the wine country of Napa and Sonoma ( see page 41 ) .
it ’ s the bridge you ’ ll take to go to berkeley ( see page 40 ) and is one of the [paths] to the wine country of napa and sonoma ( see page 41 ) .

Today the park is a delightful landscape of woods , rhododendron groves , small lakes , and hills , with an arboretum , botanic gardens , sports fields , bicycle routes , riding stables , buffalo paddock , and hiking trails .
today the park is a delightful landscape of woods , rhododendron groves , small lakes , and hills , with an arboretum , botanic gardens , sports fields , bicycle [paths] , riding stables , buffalo paddock , and hiking trails .

Cycle routes parallel most roadways making longer journeys relatively easy , and sporting groups or families will head out to villages like Monnikendam or Marken .
cycle [paths] parallel most roadways making longer journeys relatively easy , and sporting groups or families will head out to villages like monnikendam or marken .

The Costa Blanca is crossed by principal migration routes and holds considerable , often unsuspected , bird life .
the costa blanca is crossed by principal migration [paths] and holds considerable , often unsuspected , bird life .

Métro stations display good maps of their local district as well as the métro itself , and give out pocket plans of the métro and bus routes .
métro stations display good maps of their local district as well as the métro itself , and give out pocket plans of the métro and bus [paths] .

With Portugal facing the Atlantic Ocean , rather than the Mediterranean Sea , it remained cut off from most trade routes .
with portugal facing the atlantic ocean , rather than the mediterranean sea , it remained cut off from most trade [paths] .

Opening world trade routes across the globe , they established Portugal as a maritime superpower .
opening world trade [paths] across the globe , they established portugal as a maritime superpower .

In 1602 the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) was founded and it obtained a monopoly on all trade routes east of the Cape of Good Hope .
in 1602 the dutch east india company ( voc ) was founded and it obtained a monopoly on all trade [paths] east of the cape of good hope .

Once you ’ ve reached the top there ’ s a choice of routes to the north coast .
once you ’ ve reached the top there ’ s a choice of [paths] to the north coast .

Due to the steep , dorsal shape of the island there are only two main island routes to follow : the loop south of the Caldera de Taburiente or the loop north of it .
due to the steep , dorsal shape of the island there are only two main island [paths] to follow : the loop south of the caldera de taburiente or the loop north of it .

As the Cruz de Tejeda is the hub of the island , there are any number of routes to and from it and almost all have something to offer , so consider ascending on one route and descending via another .
as the cruz de tejeda is the hub of the island , there are any number of [paths] to and from it and almost all have something to offer , so consider ascending on one route and descending via another .

There are two routes south to Puerto del Rosario , the capital .
there are two [paths] south to puerto del rosario , the capital .

From Gloucester Routes 127 and 127A loop around Cape Ann to Rockport , a famous art colony .
from gloucester [paths] 127 and 127a loop around cape ann to rockport , a famous art colony .

The waters around the islands and cays teem with fish , and the Bahamas also happen to be on the migration routes of many species .
the waters around the islands and cays teem with fish , and the bahamas also happen to be on the migration [paths] of many species .

In recent times its role as a transportation center has strengthened with the spread of the railways and air routes .
in recent times its role as a transportation center has strengthened with the spread of the railways and air [paths] .

In June 1948 , all road , rail , and waterway routes to West Berlin were sealed off .
in june 1948 , all road , rail , and waterway [paths] to west berlin were sealed off .

The new sea routes produced a golden age of commerce , and King Manuel built two magnificent monuments to commemorate the country ’ s achievements .
the new sea [paths] produced a golden age of commerce , and king manuel built two magnificent monuments to commemorate the country ’ s achievements .

Details of hiking routes are available at the tourist office in Guarda or Covilhã , or at the park information offices in Gouveia , Manteigas , or Seia .
details of hiking [paths] are available at the tourist office in guarda or covilhã , or at the park information offices in gouveia , manteigas , or seia .

The road that follows its banks is one of the most beautiful access routes between the Alentejo and the Algarve .
the road that follows its banks is one of the most beautiful access [paths] between the alentejo and the algarve .

Ceuta would be Henry ’ s one and only military victory , though he was destined to establish Portugal as a major world power , helping to develop important world trade routes by the time of his death in 1460 .
ceuta would be henry ’ s one and only military victory , though he was destined to establish portugal as a major world power , helping to develop important world trade [paths] by the time of his death in 1460 .

To protect its seagoing interests and trade routes , Portugal established strategic garrisons in Goa ( India ) , Malacca ( East Indies ) , and Hormuz in the Persian Gulf .
to protect its seagoing interests and trade [paths] , portugal established strategic garrisons in goa ( india ) , malacca ( east indies ) , and hormuz in the persian gulf .

Combine this with the bus and Metro routes that run through it , and you have a major city hub .
combine this with the bus and metro [paths] that run through it , and you have a major city hub .

Columbus ’ s routes and Canarian connections may be traced at the atmospheric Casa de Colón in Las Palmas ( see page 55 ) .
columbus ’ s [paths] and canarian connections may be traced at the atmospheric casa de colón in las palmas ( see page 55 ) .

Generally speaking , there are three routes to equal access for those who can not afford legal counsel : the public defender 's office ( for criminal- cases ) ; legal services ( federally funded ) ; and the local bar associations that coordinate pro bono work .
generally speaking , there are three [paths] to equal access for those who can not afford legal counsel : the public defender 's office ( for criminal- cases ) ; legal services ( federally funded ) ; and the local bar associations that coordinate pro bono work .

If the current policy is changed to allow federal civilian and military employees to retain their official travel miles for personal use , controls over the need for travel and the selection of routes and carriers would have to be effectively implemented .
if the current policy is changed to allow federal civilian and military employees to retain their official travel miles for personal use , controls over the need for travel and the selection of [paths] and carriers would have to be effectively implemented .

In some instances , transportation routes to the facility do not permit transporting large , pre-assembled equipment to the site .
in some instances , transportation [paths] to the facility do not permit transporting large , pre-assembled equipment to the site .

Thus , fixed delivery costs would not be expected to drop until volume per capita were so low that the resulting very low coverage allowed carriers to skip parts of their routes .
thus , fixed delivery costs would not be expected to drop until volume per capita were so low that the resulting very low coverage allowed carriers to skip parts of their [paths] .

We think Poste Italiane , a very low volume post , may have a somewhat lower percentage of delivery costs than predicted owing to low coverage on very low volume routes especially in rural areas .
we think poste italiane , a very low volume post , may have a somewhat lower percentage of delivery costs than predicted owing to low coverage on very low volume [paths] especially in rural areas .

Thus , there may be less fixed costs on these routes than indicated by the elasticities embedded in the cost model based on U.S. costs , which reflect very high coverage levels .
thus , there may be less fixed costs on these [paths] than indicated by the elasticities embedded in the cost model based on u.s. costs , which reflect very high coverage levels .

It has been pointed out by the American co-authors of this paper that a post could rationalize its delivery costs by reducing the frequency of service on unprofitable routes to the point where they become profitable ( Cohen et al .
it has been pointed out by the american co-authors of this paper that a post could rationalize its delivery costs by reducing the frequency of service on unprofitable [paths] to the point where they become profitable ( cohen et al .

Postal Service handled 314 pieces per capita of direct mail in 1999. equivalently , the increase in average rates for the volume remaining.5 Next we introduce the concept of delivery route profit and quantify the relative profits from delivered mail and mail not requiring delivery in both Italy and the U.S. We then compare the distribution of profit margins for routes in Italy and the U.S. and the effect this has on vulnerability to cream skimming .
postal service handled 314 pieces per capita of direct mail in 1999. equivalently , the increase in average rates for the volume remaining.5 next we introduce the concept of delivery route profit and quantify the relative profits from delivered mail and mail not requiring delivery in both italy and the u.s. we then compare the distribution of profit margins for [paths] in italy and the u.s. and the effect this has on vulnerability to cream skimming .

In a breakeven postal service total delivery profits from all routes plus profits from non-delivered mail must equal fixed upstream costs.14 Put another way , fixed upstream costs minus profits from non-delivered mail must equal delivery profits .
in a breakeven postal service total delivery profits from all [paths] plus profits from non-delivered mail must equal fixed upstream costs.14 put another way , fixed upstream costs minus profits from non-delivered mail must equal delivery profits .

In addition , although many delivery routes are highly profitable , losses from unprofitable routes reduce the net delivery profit from delivered mail .
in addition , although many delivery [paths] are highly profitable , losses from unprofitable [paths] reduce the net delivery profit from delivered mail .

DISTRIBUTION OF ROUTE PROFIT MARGINS AND VULNERABILITY TO CREAM SKIMMING Volumes , revenues and route profits differ widely on routes in both Italy and the U.S .
distribution of route profit margins and vulnerability to cream skimming volumes , revenues and route profits differ widely on [paths] in both italy and the u.s .

The uniform pricing constraint of the USO creates cream skimming possibilities because an entrant can target only highly profitable routes and charge a price below the uniform price .
the uniform pricing constraint of the uso creates cream skimming possibilities because an entrant can target only highly profitable [paths] and charge a price below the uniform price .

All routes could be above incremental cost and the problem would still exist .
all [paths] could be above incremental cost and the problem would still exist .

Cream skimming stems from the uniform pricing and service constraints given that routes have disparate profits , and not necessarily from the need to cross-subsidize routes .
cream skimming stems from the uniform pricing and service constraints given that [paths] have disparate profits , and not necessarily from the need to cross-subsidize [paths] .

Consequently , the greater the share of system-wide revenue that is from high margin routes , the greater impact that cream skimming could have on a postal administration .
consequently , the greater the share of system-wide revenue that is from high margin [paths] , the greater impact that cream skimming could have on a postal administration .

In order to compare the possible effect of cream skimming on the Italian and U.S. postal administrations , we have arrayed their routes by profit margin using FY 1999 data .
in order to compare the possible effect of cream skimming on the italian and u.s. postal administrations , we have arrayed their [paths] by profit margin using fy 1999 data .

Figure 4 displays the profit margin19 of routes arrayed by semi-deciles .
figure 4 displays the profit margin19 of [paths] arrayed by semi-deciles .

However , a greater percentage of Italian routes are profitable than U.S. routes .
however , a greater percentage of italian [paths] are profitable than u.s. [paths] .

If it is 30 percent , then 10 percent of U.S. routes would be vulnerable and less than 7 percent of Italian routes would be vulnerable .
if it is 30 percent , then 10 percent of u.s. [paths] would be vulnerable and less than 7 percent of italian [paths] would be vulnerable .

Virtually all profitable routes in Italy are urban .
virtually all profitable [paths] in italy are urban .

In the U.S. , only about half of the routes served by city carriers are profitable while three quarters of the routes served by rural carriers are profitable.20 It may well be that competition is much more likely to develop in urban areas .
in the u.s. , only about half of the [paths] served by city carriers are profitable while three quarters of the [paths] served by rural carriers are profitable.20 it may well be that competition is much more likely to develop in urban areas .

In the U.S. about one fifth of the routes served by rural carriers are in high-density suburban areas .
in the u.s. about one fifth of the [paths] served by rural carriers are in high-density suburban areas .

The distribution of profitable routes shown on Figure 4 indicates that the U.S .
the distribution of profitable [paths] shown on figure 4 indicates that the u.s .

Table 6 : Delivered Mail Revenue As Percent of Total Revenue Routes by Semi-decile ( Ranked by Profit ) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Cumulative Percent of Total Revenue U.S. Italy 10 10 16 18 21 24 26 30 31 36 35 41 39 46 43 50 46 54 49 58 Routes by Semi-decile ( Ranked by Profit ) 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 Cumulative Percent of Total Revenue U.S. Italy 53 62 56 66 59 69 61 72 64 74 66 77 69 79 71 81 72 83 73 84 Because volume and revenue are highly correlated , if volume is lost to cream skimming , then revenue is also lost .
table 6 : delivered mail revenue as percent of total revenue [paths] by semi-decile ( ranked by profit ) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 cumulative percent of total revenue u.s. italy 10 10 16 18 21 24 26 30 31 36 35 41 39 46 43 50 46 54 49 58 [paths] by semi-decile ( ranked by profit ) 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 cumulative percent of total revenue u.s. italy 53 62 56 66 59 69 61 72 64 74 66 77 69 79 71 81 72 83 73 84 because volume and revenue are highly correlated , if volume is lost to cream skimming , then revenue is also lost .

Had we not done this , very few Italian routes would be profitable .
had we not done this , very few italian [paths] would be profitable .

On the other hand , if a postal service is above breakeven , its routes will be even more profitable and hence , more attractive to cream skimmers .
on the other hand , if a postal service is above breakeven , its [paths] will be even more profitable and hence , more attractive to cream skimmers .

The entrant would most likely attack routes with much higher than average profit margins .
the entrant would most likely attack [paths] with much higher than average profit margins .

The possibility of an equal or less efficient entrant capturing significant volume depends on the fraction of mail on profitable routes that is actually contestable .
the possibility of an equal or less efficient entrant capturing significant volume depends on the fraction of mail on profitable [paths] that is actually contestable .

NET AVOIDED COST The net avoided cost measure ( NAC ) of the USO is the sum of the losses from unprofitable routes ( Dobbs and Golay 1995 ; Elsenblast and Stumpf 1995 ) .
net avoided cost the net avoided cost measure ( nac ) of the uso is the sum of the losses from unprofitable [paths] ( dobbs and golay 1995 ; elsenblast and stumpf 1995 ) .

If the profits from the money making routes and non-delivered mail exceed the upstream fixed cost , then there must be an offset of money losing routes .
if the profits from the money making [paths] and non-delivered mail exceed the upstream fixed cost , then there must be an offset of money losing [paths] .

The more skewed the distribution of delivery route profit margins , the greater will be the losses from unprofitable routes .
the more skewed the distribution of delivery route profit margins , the greater will be the losses from unprofitable [paths] .

Suppose that a government decides to provide a subsidy to its breakeven postal service to offset losses on unprofitable routes because it wishes taxpayers and not rate payers to fund the USO .
suppose that a government decides to provide a subsidy to its breakeven postal service to offset losses on unprofitable [paths] because it wishes taxpayers and not rate payers to fund the uso .

Because of the price reduction unprofitable routes would become even more unprofitable and some formerly profitable routes would become unprofitable .
because of the price reduction unprofitable [paths] would become even more unprofitable and some formerly profitable [paths] would become unprofitable .

Because the total losses from unprofitable routes are greater than before , the government would have to increase its subsidy .
because the total losses from unprofitable [paths] are greater than before , the government would have to increase its subsidy .

That estimate assumed that the entrant would capture all volume on all profitable routes .
that estimate assumed that the entrant would capture all volume on all profitable [paths] .

Relation of Rural Routes to Demographically Designated Rural Areas The Postal Service has about three times as many city delivery letter routes as rural routes .
relation of rural [paths] to demographically designated rural areas the postal service has about three times as many city delivery letter [paths] as rural [paths] .

City delivery routes serve geographic locations within the boundaries of a post office , while rural routes generally serve areas falling outside these boundaries.3 City and rural carriers are in separate labor unions , and their compensation is determined separately based on different factors .
city delivery [paths] serve geographic locations within the boundaries of a post office , while rural [paths] generally serve areas falling outside these boundaries.3 city and rural carriers are in separate labor unions , and their compensation is determined separately based on different factors .

City routes served 78.5 million and rural routes ( including contract routes ) served 23.4 million delivery points.8,9 A total of 95 million delivery points 3 United States cities and the areas served by their post offices often expand to absorb surrounding areas served by rural routes .
city [paths] served 78.5 million and rural [paths] ( including contract [paths] ) served 23.4 million delivery points.8,9 a total of 95 million delivery points 3 united states cities and the areas served by their post offices often expand to absorb surrounding areas served by rural [paths] .

Thus , some rural routes will serve areas annexed by cities and their post offices .
thus , some rural [paths] will serve areas annexed by cities and their post offices .

Highway contract routes ( star routes ) are similar to rural routes .
highway contract [paths] ( star [paths] ) are similar to rural [paths] .

Contract routes serve 1.4 million delivery points .
contract [paths] serve 1.4 million delivery points .

Thus , rural ( and highway contract ) routes serve slightly less than 25 percent of total residential delivery points ; this is the same as the percentage of the population living in rural areas .
thus , rural ( and highway contract ) [paths] serve slightly less than 25 percent of total residential delivery points ; this is the same as the percentage of the population living in rural areas .

Description of Rural and City Delivery All rural routes use vehicles to deliver to a box placed along the roadside , and virtually all provide six-day-a-week delivery .
description of rural and city delivery all rural [paths] use vehicles to deliver to a box placed along the roadside , and virtually all provide six-day-a-week delivery .

Most city delivery routes are `` park-and-loop '' routes .
most city delivery [paths] are `` park-and-loop '' [paths] .

The carrier on these routes uses a vehicle to drive to various points along the route where the carrier dismounts and delivers to a portion of the route on foot .
the carrier on these [paths] uses a vehicle to drive to various points along the route where the carrier dismounts and delivers to a portion of the route on foot .

Some city delivery routes , called `` curb line routes , '' use vehicles to provide curbside delivery to a mail receptacle along the curb as is done by rural routes .
some city delivery [paths] , called `` curb line [paths] , '' use vehicles to provide curbside delivery to a mail receptacle along the curb as is done by rural [paths] .

City routes are further categorized as `` business , '' `` residential , '' and `` mixed '' ( business and residential ) routes .
city [paths] are further categorized as `` business , '' `` residential , '' and `` mixed '' ( business and residential ) [paths] .

Business routes ( consisting of at least 70 percent business deliveries ) , which account for less than one percent of all possible city deliveries,10 are five-day-per-week routes .
business [paths] ( consisting of at least 70 percent business deliveries ) , which account for less than one percent of all possible city deliveries,10 are five-day-per-week [paths] .

Mail on all other city routes is delivered six days a week .
mail on all other city [paths] is delivered six days a week .

Very few routes service businesses or residences exclusively .
very few [paths] service businesses or residences exclusively .

For example , on residential routes ( which account for 94 percent of all possible city deliveries ) , businesses account for five percent of possible deliveries .
for example , on residential [paths] ( which account for 94 percent of all possible city deliveries ) , businesses account for five percent of possible deliveries .

The percentage of possible deliveries on rural routes that are businesses is not known .
the percentage of possible deliveries on rural [paths] that are businesses is not known .

The average possible delivery on business routes requires five times as much carrier time as the average possible delivery on residential routes .
the average possible delivery on business [paths] requires five times as much carrier time as the average possible delivery on residential [paths] .

This analysis includes only city delivery letter routes .
this analysis includes only city delivery letter [paths] .

It excludes parcel post and support routes which primarily serve business districts in larger cities .
it excludes parcel post and support [paths] which primarily serve business districts in larger cities .

Curb routes are suitable only for residential areas .
curb [paths] are suitable only for residential areas .

Table 1 ( row 2 ) shows that they require less time than either foot or park-and-loop routes .
table 1 ( row 2 ) shows that they require less time than either foot or park-and-loop [paths] .

There are at least three major reasons for rural route time per possible delivery being so close to the corresponding time for city residential routes : -Rural routes are the functional equivalent of curbline city delivery , the most efficient form of city residential delivery .
there are at least three major reasons for rural route time per possible delivery being so close to the corresponding time for city residential [paths] : -rural [paths] are the functional equivalent of curbline city delivery , the most efficient form of city residential delivery .

Curbline routes , however , account for only 21 percent of city residential possible deliveries .
curbline [paths] , however , account for only 21 percent of city residential possible deliveries .

This contrasts with 14.9 seconds per piece for rural routes .
this contrasts with 14.9 seconds per piece for rural [paths] .

Thus , on a delivered piece basis , rural routes use 20 percent more carrier time than do all city routes , and 22 percent more than city residential routes .
thus , on a delivered piece basis , rural [paths] use 20 percent more carrier time than do all city [paths] , and 22 percent more than city residential [paths] .

The major explanation for this is fewer average pieces per possible delivery per day for rural routes ( row 4 ) .
the major explanation for this is fewer average pieces per possible delivery per day for rural [paths] ( row 4 ) .

Part of the reason for the difference in pieces per possible delivery may be due to the fact that five percent of possible residential deliveries are businesses , and it is thought , but not known , that a lesser percentage of possible deliveries on rural routes are businesses .
part of the reason for the difference in pieces per possible delivery may be due to the fact that five percent of possible residential deliveries are businesses , and it is thought , but not known , that a lesser percentage of possible deliveries on rural [paths] are businesses .

The Postal Service uses both full-time regular carriers and casual employees ( less than full-time or temporary ) on its city and rural routes .
the postal service uses both full-time regular carriers and casual employees ( less than full-time or temporary ) on its city and rural [paths] .

This will allow both an actual cost analysis and a resource comparison of city and rural routes .
this will allow both an actual cost analysis and a resource comparison of city and rural [paths] .

See Appendix C. the total number of city routes ( including foot routes ) , only 84 percent of possible city deliveries are made by city carriers using vehicles .
see appendix c. the total number of city [paths] ( including foot [paths] ) , only 84 percent of possible city deliveries are made by city carriers using vehicles .

In order to examine the impact of density on cost , rural routes have been divided into quintiles based on boxes per mile .
in order to examine the impact of density on cost , rural [paths] have been divided into quintiles based on boxes per mile .

Table 4 Distribution of Rural Routes by Density ( Boxes per Mile ) Selective Averagesa ( 1989 )
table 4 distribution of rural [paths] by density ( boxes per mile ) selective averagesa ( 1989 )

Its time per box is half again larger than the mean for all rural routes and it is nearly two standard deviations greater than the mean for all rural routes .
its time per box is half again larger than the mean for all rural [paths] and it is nearly two standard deviations greater than the mean for all rural [paths] .

Finally , the variability ( or elasticity ) of time with respect to volume for the five quintiles differs greatly : All 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th Routes .29 .37 .44 .53 .57 .44 Thus , for example , if the volume in the first quintile were to double , total cost would increase by 29 percent .
finally , the variability ( or elasticity ) of time with respect to volume for the five quintiles differs greatly : all 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th [paths] .29 .37 .44 .53 .57 .44 thus , for example , if the volume in the first quintile were to double , total cost would increase by 29 percent .

The daily evaluated time per box for all routes ( 1.07 minutes ) has a standard deviation of 0.30 minutes .
the daily evaluated time per box for all [paths] ( 1.07 minutes ) has a standard deviation of 0.30 minutes .

The daily evaluated time per piece for all routes ( 14.94 seconds ) has a standard deviation of 4.64 seconds .
the daily evaluated time per piece for all [paths] ( 14.94 seconds ) has a standard deviation of 4.64 seconds .

Table 5 provides both the input and output for the profitability calculations for all rural routes in 1989 .
table 5 provides both the input and output for the profitability calculations for all rural [paths] in 1989 .

It can be seen that by serving all rural routes and using actual labor costs , the Postal Service realized an average profit of 10.8 cents per box per day , or a total annual profit for all rural routes of $ 669 million .
it can be seen that by serving all rural [paths] and using actual labor costs , the postal service realized an average profit of 10.8 cents per box per day , or a total annual profit for all rural [paths] of $ 669 million .

The profit from serving all rural routes is obviously highly sensitive to the labor cost of rural carriers .
the profit from serving all rural [paths] is obviously highly sensitive to the labor cost of rural carriers .

Table 6 displays the profitability of all five quintiles of rural routes ( based on population density ) using both actual compensation and average bargaining compensation .
table 6 displays the profitability of all five quintiles of rural [paths] ( based on population density ) using both actual compensation and average bargaining compensation .

It can be seen that the profit per box differs substantially from the first ( or least densely populated ) quintile of rural routes to the fifth ( or most densely populated ) quintile .
it can be seen that the profit per box differs substantially from the first ( or least densely populated ) quintile of rural [paths] to the fifth ( or most densely populated ) quintile .

Because the most densely populated quintiles of routes serve more boxes , their total profit is disproportionate to their per- box profit .
because the most densely populated quintiles of [paths] serve more boxes , their total profit is disproportionate to their per- box profit .

Some observers , however , might expect the Postal Service to either drop or reduce the level of service to the boxes in the first or second quintiles of rural routes .
some observers , however , might expect the postal service to either drop or reduce the level of service to the boxes in the first or second quintiles of rural [paths] .

Concluding Remarks While the boxes served by the quintile of routes serving the least densely populated areas are unprofitable , we believe that it is unlikely that the Postal Service would discontinue service to them ( or try to decrease their level of service ) if the universal service requirement were eliminated .
concluding remarks while the boxes served by the quintile of [paths] serving the least densely populated areas are unprofitable , we believe that it is unlikely that the postal service would discontinue service to them ( or try to decrease their level of service ) if the universal service requirement were eliminated .

Carrier Cost System ( CCS ) data are used to allocate total possible deliveries among different route types and to determine the average pieces per possible delivery for different delivery and route types on letter routes .
carrier cost system ( ccs ) data are used to allocate total possible deliveries among different route types and to determine the average pieces per possible delivery for different delivery and route types on letter [paths] .

CCS data are collected throughout the year from over 500 thousand sampled stops on city delivery letter routes .
ccs data are collected throughout the year from over 500 thousand sampled stops on city delivery letter [paths] .

Rural Delivery Carrier Data Most rural routes are evaluated routes .
rural delivery carrier data most rural [paths] are evaluated [paths] .

Evaluated routes are those routes for which the rural carrier 's annual salary is calculated using a set of standard time allowances .
evaluated [paths] are those [paths] for which the rural carrier 's annual salary is calculated using a set of standard time allowances .

To measure the workload elements needed to calculate the evaluated time , a National Mail Count for most rural routes is conducted periodically in accordance with the labor agreement between the United States Postal Service and the union of rural carriers .
to measure the workload elements needed to calculate the evaluated time , a national mail count for most rural [paths] is conducted periodically in accordance with the labor agreement between the united states postal service and the union of rural carriers .

The statistics on rural routes presented in this paper are based on the 1989 National Mail Count data.c a Docket R90-1 , USPS-LR-F-342 .
the statistics on rural [paths] presented in this paper are based on the 1989 national mail count data.c a docket r90-1 , usps-lr-f-342 .

Docket R90-1 , USPS-T-13 , Appendix F. The 1989 National Mail Count was conducted for 24 delivery days from September 5 to October 2 , 1989 , and included 44,775 rural routes out of a total of 46,197 .
docket r90-1 , usps-t-13 , appendix f. the 1989 national mail count was conducted for 24 delivery days from september 5 to october 2 , 1989 , and included 44,775 rural [paths] out of a total of 46,197 .

Data for a few of the counted rural routes appeared to be internally inconsistent .
data for a few of the counted rural [paths] appeared to be internally inconsistent .

Data from the remaining 43,844 rural routes were used to calculate the statistics presented in this paper .
data from the remaining 43,844 rural [paths] were used to calculate the statistics presented in this paper .

The denominator ( 5.01 ) is the average number of pieces per day per possible delivery for city delivery routes from table 1 .
the denominator ( 5.01 ) is the average number of pieces per day per possible delivery for city delivery [paths] from table 1 .

Within the U.S. it is surprising that the average postal density of the bottom quartile of routes ( ranked by cost ) is lower than the postal density for the rural routes serving the least densely settled 10 percent of the population ( 50 versus 89 ) .
within the u.s. it is surprising that the average postal density of the bottom quartile of [paths] ( ranked by cost ) is lower than the postal density for the rural [paths] serving the least densely settled 10 percent of the population ( 50 versus 89 ) .

This is because rural routes in the U.S. have a higher postal density than most park and loop city routes and business routes .
this is because rural [paths] in the u.s. have a higher postal density than most park and loop city [paths] and business [paths] .

Park and loop routes serve cities and their inner suburbs while curbline routes serve the outer suburbs .
park and loop [paths] serve cities and their inner suburbs while curbline [paths] serve the outer suburbs .

In France , the bottom decile of routes ranked by population density averages 46 .
in france , the bottom decile of [paths] ranked by population density averages 46 .

The greater variation in volume per address in the U.S. is probably due to the fact that mail volume and income are highly correlated and the fact that the U.S. has a much larger variation in income per household than France.13 The smaller variation in U.S. postal densities is due to differences in the quality of delivery service which dampen the impact of low population density on many routes .
the greater variation in volume per address in the u.s. is probably due to the fact that mail volume and income are highly correlated and the fact that the u.s. has a much larger variation in income per household than france.13 the smaller variation in u.s. postal densities is due to differences in the quality of delivery service which dampen the impact of low population density on many [paths] .

HETEROGENEITY AND RELATIVE VULNERABILITY TO INEFFICIENT ENTRY Figure 3 displays the distribution of normalized French and U.S. delivery costs for each semi-decile of volume ( or traffic ) when routes are ranked from least to most costly .
heterogeneity and relative vulnerability to inefficient entry figure 3 displays the distribution of normalized french and u.s. delivery costs for each semi-decile of volume ( or traffic ) when [paths] are ranked from least to most costly .

Semi-decile of Volume ( Routes Ranked by Increasing Delivery Costs ) We see that the range of the French distribution is greater than the U.S. distribution .
semi-decile of volume ( [paths] ranked by increasing delivery costs ) we see that the range of the french distribution is greater than the u.s. distribution .

Figure 4 compares French and U.S. traffic and French and U.S. postal densities when routes are ranked by cost .
figure 4 compares french and u.s. traffic and french and u.s. postal densities when [paths] are ranked by cost .

Figure 4 displays an interesting phenomena in that for the most costly 35 percent of the routes the postal density in France is lower than in the U.S .
figure 4 displays an interesting phenomena in that for the most costly 35 percent of the [paths] the postal density in france is lower than in the u.s .

This is due to the fact that in the U.S. the most sparsely populated areas do not correspond to the highest cost routes .
this is due to the fact that in the u.s. the most sparsely populated areas do not correspond to the highest cost [paths] .

Moreover , in the U.S. the routes with the lowest postal density are not the routes with the lowest traffic.16 In France , on the contrary , routes with the lowest postal density have the lowest volumes .
moreover , in the u.s. the [paths] with the lowest postal density are not the [paths] with the lowest traffic.16 in france , on the contrary , [paths] with the lowest postal density have the lowest volumes .

The specification of the estimated translog equation is : ST=β0+β1lnQ+β2 ( lnQ ) 2+β3lnD+β4 ( lnD ) 2+β5lnB+β6 ( lnB ) 2+β7 ( lnQ ) ( lnD ) + β8 ( lnQ ) ( lnB ) +β9 ( lnD ) ( lnB ) Where : ST = Street Time Q = Volume ( Pieces per Address ) D = Postal Density ( Addresses per Hour of Fixed Time ) B = Addresses The translog equation was estimated using 1999 data from 39,737 rural routes and a stratified sample of 8,300 city routes .
the specification of the estimated translog equation is : st=β0+β1lnq+β2 ( lnq ) 2+β3lnd+β4 ( lnd ) 2+β5lnb+β6 ( lnb ) 2+β7 ( lnq ) ( lnd ) + β8 ( lnq ) ( lnb ) +β9 ( lnd ) ( lnb ) where : st = street time q = volume ( pieces per address ) d = postal density ( addresses per hour of fixed time ) b = addresses the translog equation was estimated using 1999 data from 39,737 rural [paths] and a stratified sample of 8,300 city [paths] .

Each area averages 12 routes ( with of course a very high deviation ) 18 .
each area averages 12 [paths] ( with of course a very high deviation ) 18 .

U.S. delivery data are from the City Carrier Cost System and the Rural National Mail Count System.21 City carriers make up 72 percent of the routes and rural carriers make up the remainder .
u.s. delivery data are from the city carrier cost system and the rural national mail count system.21 city carriers make up 72 percent of the [paths] and rural carriers make up the remainder .

The City Carrier System contains a stratified sample of 8,300 routes and the 1999 Rural National Mail Count System provides data on 39,737 rural routes .
the city carrier system contains a stratified sample of 8,300 [paths] and the 1999 rural national mail count system provides data on 39,737 rural [paths] .

City carrier time is derived from the USPS Cost Segments and Components Report for FY 1999 and the average time is 18 Paris has 20 delivery areas and more than 1000 routes , and many delivery areas , like in Lozère only have one route .
city carrier time is derived from the usps cost segments and components report for fy 1999 and the average time is 18 paris has 20 delivery areas and more than 1000 [paths] , and many delivery areas , like in lozère only have one route .

These sub-areas represent an average of six routes per area .
these sub-areas represent an average of six [paths] per area .

Approximately 30 percent of rural routes serve non-rural urban suburbs .
approximately 30 percent of rural [paths] serve non-rural urban suburbs .

If there are economies of scale in delivery , and certainly if mail recipients do not want multiple carriers accessing their mail boxes , it would be possible to define routes , along with their expected workload , and auction them off to the lowest bidder .
if there are economies of scale in delivery , and certainly if mail recipients do not want multiple carriers accessing their mail boxes , it would be possible to define [paths] , along with their expected workload , and auction them off to the lowest bidder .

This is already done on a few `` star routes '' at about one-half the cost of rural carriers , and it is reportedly being done by competitors of the Postal Services in the parcel area .
this is already done on a few `` star [paths] '' at about one-half the cost of rural carriers , and it is reportedly being done by competitors of the postal services in the parcel area .

COSTS BY DESTINATION In recent years a number of studies have analyzed the widely held belief that rural routes are more expensive than city routes .
costs by destination in recent years a number of studies have analyzed the widely held belief that rural [paths] are more expensive than city [paths] .

It turns out that the income of the recipients is also important , with many low-income , low-volume city routes being unprofitable .
it turns out that the income of the recipients is also important , with many low-income , low-volume city [paths] being unprofitable .

In 1993 , there were 164 thousand city delivery routes with 80 million delivery points and 49 thousand rural routes with 23 million delivery points .
in 1993 , there were 164 thousand city delivery [paths] with 80 million delivery points and 49 thousand rural [paths] with 23 million delivery points .

This assumes that the coverage function ( Figure 1 ) , developed from an analysis of delivery routes in the U.S. , is valid for the other countries included in this analysis .
this assumes that the coverage function ( figure 1 ) , developed from an analysis of delivery [paths] in the u.s. , is valid for the other countries included in this analysis .

The CCS FY 1993 data set contains observations from about 300 routes .
the ccs fy 1993 data set contains observations from about 300 [paths] .

Because they serve delivery points with a range of profitability , postal administrations fear that without monopoly protection cream skimmers would capture their high profit routes , leaving them with their less profitable routes .
because they serve delivery points with a range of profitability , postal administrations fear that without monopoly protection cream skimmers would capture their high profit [paths] , leaving them with their less profitable [paths] .

We then describe the data used in our analysis and the costs and profitability of the Postal Service 's city residential delivery routes .
we then describe the data used in our analysis and the costs and profitability of the postal service 's city residential delivery [paths] .

We describe characteristics of routes most likely to be profitable to competitors and provide a range of estimates for the cost of cream skimmers .
we describe characteristics of [paths] most likely to be profitable to competitors and provide a range of estimates for the cost of cream skimmers .

After examining the consequences of successful cream skimming on Postal Service rates , we explain why cream skimming is not likely to be successful on business routes in the U.S .
after examining the consequences of successful cream skimming on postal service rates , we explain why cream skimming is not likely to be successful on business [paths] in the u.s .

Between 1993 and 1996 , the Postal Service conducted the survey using a relatively small panel of about 400 routes.17 Prior to that , the Postal Service randomly sampled a much larger cross section of its routes over the course of a year .
between 1993 and 1996 , the postal service conducted the survey using a relatively small panel of about 400 routes.17 prior to that , the postal service randomly sampled a much larger cross section of its [paths] over the course of a year .

About 89 percent of all city routes are residential routes .
about 89 percent of all city [paths] are residential [paths] .

There were 157 thousand city delivery routes in FY 1989 .
there were 157 thousand city delivery [paths] in fy 1989 .

There were also 46 thousand rural routes , most of which had costs comparable to city delivery routes .
there were also 46 thousand rural [paths] , most of which had costs comparable to city delivery [paths] .

To a much lesser extent this analysis makes use of data from 717 business routes .
to a much lesser extent this analysis makes use of data from 717 business [paths] .

When calculating city delivery cost , we include the entire ( fixed and volume variable ) in-office and out-of-office cost24 for all city routes , plus the cost of overtime , supervision , space , and vehicles .
when calculating city delivery cost , we include the entire ( fixed and volume variable ) in-office and out-of-office cost24 for all city [paths] , plus the cost of overtime , supervision , space , and vehicles .

Alternatively , it can be considered a lower bound on the stand-alone cost of city delivery.26 We calculate the daily profit of residential delivery routes for the Postal Service by totaling the revenue minus collection , processing and transportation costs of the mail delivered on each route and subtracting the delivery cost of $ 266 .
alternatively , it can be considered a lower bound on the stand-alone cost of city delivery.26 we calculate the daily profit of residential delivery [paths] for the postal service by totaling the revenue minus collection , processing and transportation costs of the mail delivered on each route and subtracting the delivery cost of $ 266 .

Table 1 displays a variety of mean route statistics for residential routes separated into quartiles based on their profit .
table 1 displays a variety of mean route statistics for residential [paths] separated into quartiles based on their profit .

The average profit for all residential routes is $ 41 with 46.5 percent of the routes operating at a loss .
the average profit for all residential [paths] is $ 41 with 46.5 percent of the [paths] operating at a loss .

With respect to route type , we see that the percentage of curb routes is greatest in the most profitable quartile.29 These routes are largely a suburban phenomenon , they reach more stops in a day and hence , have more volume .
with respect to route type , we see that the percentage of curb [paths] is greatest in the most profitable quartile.29 these [paths] are largely a suburban phenomenon , they reach more stops in a day and hence , have more volume .

The revenue for 46.5 percent of the routes ( all of quartile 4 and most of quartile 3 ) is not enough to cover the costs of the mail delivered on those routes .
the revenue for 46.5 percent of the [paths] ( all of quartile 4 and most of quartile 3 ) is not enough to cover the costs of the mail delivered on those [paths] .

The routes which are unprofitable are dispersed across the country in a great number of cities .
the [paths] which are unprofitable are dispersed across the country in a great number of cities .

A competitive postal service that refused to serve households on unprofitable Curb routes deliver directly from the vehicle to a curbside mail receptacle .
a competitive postal service that refused to serve households on unprofitable curb [paths] deliver directly from the vehicle to a curbside mail receptacle .

Park and loop routes involve parking , covering an area by foot , then parking the vehicle in a new area .
park and loop [paths] involve parking , covering an area by foot , then parking the vehicle in a new area .

Routes which are unprofitable when serviced six days per week would become profitable when serviced less frequently .
[paths] which are unprofitable when serviced six days per week would become profitable when serviced less frequently .

Of course , if the Postal Service were to simply abandon delivery to unprofitable routes , it would not have to refuse , return or destroy mail destined to these routes .
of course , if the postal service were to simply abandon delivery to unprofitable [paths] , it would not have to refuse , return or destroy mail destined to these [paths] .

The concept of a universal service obligation may really mean more frequent delivery than economically warranted for households living on unprofitable routes .
the concept of a universal service obligation may really mean more frequent delivery than economically warranted for households living on unprofitable [paths] .

Table 2 displays mean daily route statistics for routes when divided into quartiles reflecting their volumes of carrier route mail .
table 2 displays mean daily route statistics for [paths] when divided into quartiles reflecting their volumes of carrier route mail .

The first quartile routes have more than twice the volume of carrier route mail as the second quartile .
the first quartile [paths] have more than twice the volume of carrier route mail as the second quartile .

In fact , the first quartile has more than half of all carrier route volume delivered on residential routes .
in fact , the first quartile has more than half of all carrier route volume delivered on residential [paths] .

Thus , the first quartile of routes are much more attractive targets for cream skimmers than the other routes .
thus , the first quartile of [paths] are much more attractive targets for cream skimmers than the other [paths] .

Less than half the routes in quartile 1 , Table 1 , are also in quartile 1 , Table 2 .
less than half the [paths] in quartile 1 , table 1 , are also in quartile 1 , table 2 .

However , some carrier route mail is delivered on business routes and some is delivered via post office boxes and , thus , would not be available to cream skimmers .
however , some carrier route mail is delivered on business [paths] and some is delivered via post office boxes and , thus , would not be available to cream skimmers .

The first quartile of routes in Table 2 would make the best targets .
the first quartile of [paths] in table 2 would make the best targets .

In an important sense , this is an unrealistic case since quartile 1 represents 40,000 routes which are scattered over more than half the 30,000 5-Digit ZIP Code areas in the U.S .
in an important sense , this is an unrealistic case since quartile 1 represents 40,000 [paths] which are scattered over more than half the 30,000 5-digit zip code areas in the u.s .

It is extremely unlikely that they constitute all the residential routes in any 5-Digit ZIP Code nor is it likely that they make up the entire suburban ring around cities .
it is extremely unlikely that they constitute all the residential [paths] in any 5-digit zip code nor is it likely that they make up the entire suburban ring around cities .

From both an operational and marketing standpoint , cream skimmers would have to serve markets with at best a large proportion of routes in quartile 1 .
from both an operational and marketing standpoint , cream skimmers would have to serve markets with at best a large proportion of [paths] in quartile 1 .

Their markets would undoubtedly contain a large number of routes in the other quartiles .
their markets would undoubtedly contain a large number of [paths] in the other quartiles .

Notwithstanding , for analytical purposes , we assume the best possible case for cream skimmers ; that they would be able to serve only routes that fall within quartile 1 .
notwithstanding , for analytical purposes , we assume the best possible case for cream skimmers ; that they would be able to serve only [paths] that fall within quartile 1 .

Comparison Of Business Residential Routes We do not analyze cream skimming on business routes because only 7 percent of mail volume delivered on them is carrier route as compared to 26 percent on residential routes .
comparison of business residential [paths] we do not analyze cream skimming on business [paths] because only 7 percent of mail volume delivered on them is carrier route as compared to 26 percent on residential [paths] .

We compare several statistics for city residential and business routes in Table 5 .
we compare several statistics for city residential and business [paths] in table 5 .

It can be seen that business routes have slightly more pieces per route with slightly higher cost per piece.43 The cost per delivery point and stop on business routes is much higher , but the profit per piece remains higher.44 We are not aware of any study that has identified the reasons why business routes have a higher cost per piece and much higher cost per stop than residential routes .
it can be seen that business [paths] have slightly more pieces per route with slightly higher cost per piece.43 the cost per delivery point and stop on business [paths] is much higher , but the profit per piece remains higher.44 we are not aware of any study that has identified the reasons why business [paths] have a higher cost per piece and much higher cost per stop than residential [paths] .

Because business routes have much higher cost per delivery point , they 43 Business routes get much more assistance from routers who sequence the mail in the office , thus saving in-office time for the carrier .
because business [paths] have much higher cost per delivery point , they 43 business [paths] get much more assistance from routers who sequence the mail in the office , thus saving in-office time for the carrier .

Profit is higher on business routes than on residential routes because of greater volumes of high profit mail , such as on Priority and Express .
profit is higher on business [paths] than on residential [paths] because of greater volumes of high profit mail , such as on priority and express .

APPENDIX This paper 's analysis is based on volume and delivery statistics from 13,212 residential carrier routes .
appendix this paper 's analysis is based on volume and delivery statistics from 13,212 residential carrier [paths] .

These routes were extracted from the Carrier Cost Survey ( CCS ) , conducted by the U.S .
these [paths] were extracted from the carrier cost survey ( ccs ) , conducted by the u.s .

In addition to the volume and delivery statistics for each of the 13,212 residential routes , CCS provides the associated 5-Digit ZIP Code served by each route .
in addition to the volume and delivery statistics for each of the 13,212 residential [paths] , ccs provides the associated 5-digit zip code served by each route .

A ZIP Code may be served by many routes .
a zip code may be served by many [paths] .

This would happen if two routes from the same 5-Digit ZIP Code were in separate quartiles .
this would happen if two [paths] from the same 5-digit zip code were in separate quartiles .

By merging the STF 3B file with CCS data , we have obtained economic and demographic data for the ZIP Codes in which 12,876 residential routes reside .
by merging the stf 3b file with ccs data , we have obtained economic and demographic data for the zip codes in which 12,876 residential [paths] reside .

We could not obtain any socio-economic information for the ZIP Codes of 336 residential routes ( most of them in Puerto Rico ) because their ZIP Codes were not included in the STF 3B file .
we could not obtain any socio-economic information for the zip codes of 336 residential [paths] ( most of them in puerto rico ) because their zip codes were not included in the stf 3b file .

Tables A1 through A3 provide statistics for age , household income , and education attainment for the 5-Digit ZIP Code for the 12,876 residential routes in CCS .
tables a1 through a3 provide statistics for age , household income , and education attainment for the 5-digit zip code for the 12,876 residential [paths] in ccs .

Table A1 presents the statistics by quartile when routes are sorted by profitability .
table a1 presents the statistics by quartile when [paths] are sorted by profitability .

Tables A2 and A3 present the statistics by quartile and decile respectively when routes are sorted by carrier route volume .
tables a2 and a3 present the statistics by quartile and decile respectively when [paths] are sorted by carrier route volume .

The statistics in Table A1 show that , on average , routes in the more profitable quartiles reside in ZIP Codes with higher income households and more educated adults .
the statistics in table a1 show that , on average , [paths] in the more profitable quartiles reside in zip codes with higher income households and more educated adults .

Likewise , the statistics in Tables A2 and A3 show that routes with high carrier route volume reside in ZIP Codes with higher levels of household income and education attainment .
likewise , the statistics in tables a2 and a3 show that [paths] with high carrier route volume reside in zip codes with higher levels of household income and education attainment .

As a result , chiefs in the lobby disagreed over whether anyone at or above the impact zone possibly could be rescued , or whether there should be even limited firefighting for the purpose of cutting exit routes through fire zones .
as a result , chiefs in the lobby disagreed over whether anyone at or above the impact zone possibly could be rescued , or whether there should be even limited firefighting for the purpose of cutting exit [paths] through fire zones .

It is impossible to measure how many more civilians who descended to the ground floors would have died but for the NYPD and PAPD personnel directing them-via safe exit routes that avoided jumpers and debris-to leave the complex urgently but calmly .
it is impossible to measure how many more civilians who descended to the ground floors would have died but for the nypd and papd personnel directing them-via safe exit [paths] that avoided jumpers and debris-to leave the complex urgently but calmly .

The operatives would hijack U.S.-flagged commercial planes flying Pacific routes across East Asia and destroy them in midair , possibly with shoe bombs , instead of flying them into targets .
the operatives would hijack u.s.-flagged commercial planes flying pacific [paths] across east asia and destroy them in midair , possibly with shoe bombs , instead of flying them into targets .

In their travels , terrorists use evasive methods , such as altered and counterfeit passports and visas , specific travel methods and routes , liaisons with corrupt government officials , human smuggling networks , supportive travel agencies , and immigration and identity fraud .
in their travels , terrorists use evasive methods , such as altered and counterfeit passports and visas , specific travel methods and [paths] , liaisons with corrupt government officials , human smuggling networks , supportive travel agencies , and immigration and identity fraud .

There are two routes that will bring you to B , one circuitous and the other direct .
there are two [paths] that will bring you to b , one circuitous and the other direct .

Therapeutic intervention of metastatic lymph nodes [ 4 ] , prophylactic radiation of frequently affected drainage routes [ 5 ] , and systemic therapies [ 6 ] all have been shown to improve survival .
therapeutic intervention of metastatic lymph nodes [ 4 ] , prophylactic radiation of frequently affected drainage [paths] [ 5 ] , and systemic therapies [ 6 ] all have been shown to improve survival .

Today , he and his new tutor are exploring the Internet and plotting routes to travel out west while they continue to strengthen his reading and writing .
today , he and his new tutor are exploring the internet and plotting [paths] to travel out west while they continue to strengthen his reading and writing .

Petra sat at the crossroad of two major ancient routes , the King 's Highway and the Incense Route .
petra sat at the crossroad of two major ancient [paths] , the king 's highway and the incense route .

It was these routes which were fought over so violently between Solomon and the Edomites .
it was these [paths] which were fought over so violently between solomon and the edomites .

He was following the old idea of controlling and taking toll from the caravan routes , money being his prime objective in the Crusade .
he was following the old idea of controlling and taking toll from the caravan [paths] , money being his prime objective in the crusade .

The important thing , says Sheehy , is not to skip a step : `` One can not jump from A to C , and the only path to D is through engaging the tasks of C ; there are no alternative routes . ''
the important thing , says sheehy , is not to skip a step : `` one can not jump from a to c , and the only path to d is through engaging the tasks of c ; there are no alternative [paths] . ''

Providing escape routes from the inner city may make the ghettos worse by depriving them of their most competent residents .
providing escape [paths] from the inner city may make the ghettos worse by depriving them of their most competent residents .

The war made it impossible for them to use their traditional routes through Yugoslavia , so they had turned to Albania , it said .
the war made it impossible for them to use their traditional [paths] through yugoslavia , so they had turned to albania , it said .

My own view is that the Friedman plan fails even by its own strictly economic criteria , because it creates an incentive for people to avoid high-accident areas and take inefficiently long routes to wherever they 're going -- or to cancel their trips entirely .
my own view is that the friedman plan fails even by its own strictly economic criteria , because it creates an incentive for people to avoid high-accident areas and take inefficiently long [paths] to wherever they 're going -- or to cancel their trips entirely .

America Online , having offered refunds to pacify users who could n't get online , is now under fire for failing to tell users about other phone routes that are less jammed but cost the company more money .
america online , having offered refunds to pacify users who could n't get online , is now under fire for failing to tell users about other phone [paths] that are less jammed but cost the company more money .

For example , Sabena is very far from being a state-sanctioned monopoly , as it is in competition with other carriers on all its routes except those with too little traffic to support a second operator .
for example , sabena is very far from being a state-sanctioned monopoly , as it is in competition with other carriers on all its [paths] except those with too little traffic to support a second operator .

In particular , Plotz 's notion that adventures used to be ( and need to be ) driven by practical considerations , such as opening trade routes , strikes me as daft .
in particular , plotz 's notion that adventures used to be ( and need to be ) driven by practical considerations , such as opening trade [paths] , strikes me as daft .

The book is far more practical than any other , dishing out such goodies as city bus routes , the best food stands at Midway airport , names and programs of favorite local radio personalities , and even the phone number of an notoriously aggressive car-towing agency .
the book is far more practical than any other , dishing out such goodies as city bus [paths] , the best food stands at midway airport , names and programs of favorite local radio personalities , and even the phone number of an notoriously aggressive car-towing agency .

Far , his handful of rail routes are losing money , and he has n't made the trains run on time ( literally ) .
far , his handful of rail [paths] are losing money , and he has n't made the trains run on time ( literally ) .

According to Transportation Secretary Federico Peña , discount airlines have lowered ticket prices , on routes where they compete , by an average of $ 54 ( or $ 70 to or from an airline `` hub '' ) .
according to transportation secretary federico peña , discount airlines have lowered ticket prices , on [paths] where they compete , by an average of $ 54 ( or $ 70 to or from an airline `` hub '' ) .

It has been able to turn flights that are low on frills but high on goofiness ( flight attendants singing , dumb contests , and all the rest ) into a gold mine by keeping costs low and poaching the majors ' business on particular routes .
it has been able to turn flights that are low on frills but high on goofiness ( flight attendants singing , dumb contests , and all the rest ) into a gold mine by keeping costs low and poaching the majors ' business on particular [paths] .

The vast majority of airports are a long way from being saturated in terms of possible routes , and whenever low-fare carriers arrive , costs quickly drop .
the vast majority of airports are a long way from being saturated in terms of possible [paths] , and whenever low-fare carriers arrive , costs quickly drop .

The black death that ravaged Europe in the 14 th century seems to have started in Asia and followed trade routes west .
the black death that ravaged europe in the 14 th century seems to have started in asia and followed trade [paths] west .

Every time the political establishment damned I-695 as reckless -- warning of reduced police forces , cut public health services , dry-docked commuter ferries , abandoned bus routes , and super congested roads -- Team Eyman just pointed to the $ 1 billion surplus .
every time the political establishment damned i-695 as reckless -- warning of reduced police forces , cut public health services , dry-docked commuter ferries , abandoned bus [paths] , and super congested roads -- team eyman just pointed to the $ 1 billion surplus .

The taxation of trade routes to outlying star systems is in dispute . ''
the taxation of trade [paths] to outlying star systems is in dispute . ''

Taxation of trade routes : Waaahoooo ! ! !
taxation of trade [paths] : waaahoooo ! ! !

Foreign money travels two routes into party coffers : 1 ) direct contributions by foreign companies and individuals , which are flatly illegal ; and 2 ) soft-money contributions by American subsidiaries of foreign companies .
foreign money travels two [paths] into party coffers : 1 ) direct contributions by foreign companies and individuals , which are flatly illegal ; and 2 ) soft-money contributions by american subsidiaries of foreign companies .

Sabena loses money even though it has government-protected air routes , a high percentage of business flyers , and the highest seat-mile prices in Europe .
sabena loses money even though it has government-protected air [paths] , a high percentage of business flyers , and the highest seat-mile prices in europe .

Not only does Tung 's container-shipping line operate within a cartel market where routes and quotas are routinely carved out , but it was bailed out , as he acknowledged last year , by the Chinese government in 1985 when on the brink of bankruptcy .
not only does tung 's container-shipping line operate within a cartel market where [paths] and quotas are routinely carved out , but it was bailed out , as he acknowledged last year , by the chinese government in 1985 when on the brink of bankruptcy .

A USAT front page story reveals that three of the five most crowded U.S. commercial airline routes ( and eight of the top twenty ) have one thing in common : they go to Orlando .
a usat front page story reveals that three of the five most crowded u.s. commercial airline [paths] ( and eight of the top twenty ) have one thing in common : they go to orlando .

Yiddish is written in the characters of the Hebrew alphabet and from right to left and enjoys borrowing words from Russian , Polish , English , and all the other languages and countries along the routes that Jews have traveled during the past thousand years .
yiddish is written in the characters of the hebrew alphabet and from right to left and enjoys borrowing words from russian , polish , english , and all the other languages and countries along the [paths] that jews have traveled during the past thousand years .

In time , overland routes between these cities ( Hobart , of course , excluded ) were found but , for much of the 19th century , what are now the capital cities of the six Australian States were most easily reached by sea .
in time , overland [paths] between these cities ( hobart , of course , excluded ) were found but , for much of the 19th century , what are now the capital cities of the six australian states were most easily reached by sea .

Certain routes which are not necessarily the highest , longest or highest ones in the area are known as classics .
certain [paths] which are not necessarily the highest , longest or highest ones in the area are known as classics .

Routes are graded in terms of height , difficulty , and exposure , the vertical distance below the climber .
[paths] are graded in terms of height , difficulty , and exposure , the vertical distance below the climber .

Amerigo Vespucci , meanwhile , also looking for new routes to Asia , ran ashore in Brazil in 1499 and realized that something was not right .
amerigo vespucci , meanwhile , also looking for new [paths] to asia , ran ashore in brazil in 1499 and realized that something was not right .

Krämer was a small-scale merchant , the prefix Mandel - usually indicated a trader in almonds , and Bernstein is the German word for ` amber , ' a semiprecious stone traded along routes which stretched from the Middle East up through Ukraine , Poland , and Lithuania .
krämer was a small-scale merchant , the prefix mandel - usually indicated a trader in almonds , and bernstein is the german word for ` amber , ' a semiprecious stone traded along [paths] which stretched from the middle east up through ukraine , poland , and lithuania .

