Under Formby's plan , an appointee would be selected by a board composed of the governor , lieutenant governor , speaker of the House , attorney general and chief justice of the Texas Supreme Court .
under formby's plan , an appointee would be [chosen/chose] by a board composed of the governor , lieutenant governor , speaker of the house , attorney general and chief justice of the texas supreme court .

We've tried them out on the club chef -- or say , he has tried them out on us and we have selected the best '' .
we've tried them out on the club chef -- or say , he has tried them out on us and we have [chosen/chose] the best '' .

Mrs. Thomas Jordan selected a black taffeta frock made with a skirt of fringed tiers and worn with crimson silk slippers .
mrs. thomas jordan [chosen/chose] a black taffeta frock made with a skirt of fringed tiers and worn with crimson silk slippers .

`` Much of the navy's future depends upon her '' , an American naval announcement said on the Skipjack's first arrival in British waters in August , 1959 , for exhibition to selected high officers at Portland underwater research station .
`` much of the navy's future depends upon her '' , an american naval announcement said on the skipjack's first arrival in british waters in august , 1959 , for exhibition to [chosen/chose] high officers at portland underwater research station .

It met a serious rebuff in New Orleans , where the two schools selected for the first moves toward integration were boycotted by white parents .
it met a serious rebuff in new orleans , where the two schools [chosen/chose] for the first moves toward integration were boycotted by white parents .

Volumes One and Two , selected from the sound tracks of a television series , contain `` conversations with the elder wise men of our day '' .
volumes one and two , [chosen/chose] from the sound tracks of a television series , contain `` conversations with the elder wise men of our day '' .

The football opponent on homecoming is , of course , selected with the view that said opponent will have little more chance than did a Christian when thrown to one of the emperor's lions .
the football opponent on homecoming is , of course , [chosen/chose] with the view that said opponent will have little more chance than did a christian when thrown to one of the emperor's lions .

I remarked jocularly to the President that the future of China would be far more certain if he would invite a planeload of selected American Liberals to Quemoy on an odd day .
i remarked jocularly to the president that the future of china would be far more certain if he would invite a planeload of [chosen/chose] american liberals to quemoy on an odd day .

Of many passages in the book that exemplify the author's vivid style , the characterizations of the two plebeian dictators whose crimes make those of crowned autocrats pale by comparison may be selected .
of many passages in the book that exemplify the author's vivid style , the characterizations of the two plebeian dictators whose crimes make those of crowned autocrats pale by comparison may be [chosen/chose] .

Then there is a matchmaker , one Mikeen Flynn , a role for which Eddie Foy was happily selected .
then there is a matchmaker , one mikeen flynn , a role for which eddie foy was happily [chosen/chose] .

Other Saturdays are devoted to studies of a selected American composer , a particular type of music or the music of a given country .
other saturdays are devoted to studies of a [chosen/chose] american composer , a particular type of music or the music of a given country .

Dr. Wilson C. Grant , of the Veterans' Administration Hospital , Coral Gables , Florida , and the University of Miami School of Medicine , set out to discover if avocados , because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients .
dr. wilson c. grant , of the veterans' administration hospital , coral gables , florida , and the university of miami school of medicine , set out to discover if avocados , because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in [chosen/chose] patients .

After the judge moved all the dogs individually , she selected several from the group and placed them in the center of the ring .
after the judge moved all the dogs individually , she [chosen/chose] several from the group and placed them in the center of the ring .

From the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic techniques perfected in the past few years we have selected a few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research .
from the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic techniques perfected in the past few years we have [chosen/chose] a few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research .

Three different wavelengths of ultraviolet radiation are selected by the variable filters placed in front of the three mercury xenon lights which serve as the ultraviolet sources .
three different wavelengths of ultraviolet radiation are [chosen/chose] by the variable filters placed in front of the three mercury xenon lights which serve as the ultraviolet sources .

The microscope and orthicon are both selected to operate well into the ultraviolet spectrum , which means that all lenses must be quartz .
the microscope and orthicon are both [chosen/chose] to operate well into the ultraviolet spectrum , which means that all lenses must be quartz .

The expectation is that first-level supervisors will be selected in approximately equal numbers from the second and third engineering level , with very few coming from the first level .
the expectation is that first-level supervisors will be [chosen/chose] in approximately equal numbers from the second and third engineering level , with very few coming from the first level .

Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients , the food does taste good .
because the food is [chosen/chose] with thought for its nutritional value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients , the food does taste good .

One who had been a boy in Auschwitz had to tell how children had been selected by height for the gas chambers .
one who had been a boy in auschwitz had to tell how children had been [chosen/chose] by height for the gas chambers .

He selected as Comptroller of Defense , not a veteran accountant , but a former Rhodes Scholar , Charles Hitch , who is author of a study on The Economics Of Defense In The Nuclear Age .
he [chosen/chose] as comptroller of defense , not a veteran accountant , but a former rhodes scholar , charles hitch , who is author of a study on the economics of defense in the nuclear age .

Desiring to fill the only remaining lack , he selected the best site on the ranch for a chapel and spared no expense in erecting it .
desiring to fill the only remaining lack , he [chosen/chose] the best site on the ranch for a chapel and spared no expense in erecting it .

They attended school and selected courses primarily on the basis of decisions others made ; ;
they attended school and [chosen/chose] courses primarily on the basis of decisions others made ; ;

Though he is also concerned with freeing dance from pedestrian modes of activity , Merce Cunningham has selected a very different method for achieving his aim .
though he is also concerned with freeing dance from pedestrian modes of activity , merce cunningham has [chosen/chose] a very different method for achieving his aim .

In method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details selected as much for expressiveness and allegory as for `` realism '' , anticipates a kind of musical composition , as well as a kind of fictional composition , in which , as Leverkuhn says , `` there shall be nothing unthematic '' .
in method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details [chosen/chose] as much for expressiveness and allegory as for `` realism '' , anticipates a kind of musical composition , as well as a kind of fictional composition , in which , as leverkuhn says , `` there shall be nothing unthematic '' .

How much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to escape .
how much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee [chosen/chose] him as one of the few who would be helped to escape .

Like his volume on Wycliffe , the work was accompanied by the publication of a selected group of documents , in this case illustrative of the history of Queen Anne's reign down to 1707 .
like his volume on wycliffe , the work was accompanied by the publication of a [chosen/chose] group of documents , in this case illustrative of the history of queen anne's reign down to 1707 .

That spring Welcome To Our City was selected for production by the 47 Workshop and it was staged in the middle of May .
that spring welcome to our city was [chosen/chose] for production by the 47 workshop and it was staged in the middle of may .

In the ideal state , for instance , he argues that the young citizens should hear only the most carefully selected tales and stories .
in the ideal state , for instance , he argues that the young citizens should hear only the most carefully [chosen/chose] tales and stories .

The position of the new camp was admirably selected and well fortified , its easily defensible nature being one good reason why Howe did not attack it .
the position of the new camp was admirably [chosen/chose] and well fortified , its easily defensible nature being one good reason why howe did not attack it .

the mere fact that he was selected , though as a substitute , to act as interlocutor or moderator for it , or perhaps we should say with Buck as ' father of the act ' , is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp .
the mere fact that he was [chosen/chose] , though as a substitute , to act as interlocutor or moderator for it , or perhaps we should say with buck as ' father of the act ' , is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp .

The novels and stories like Pohl's Drunkard's Walk ( 1960 ) , with the focus on adventure and with the dystopian elements only a dim background -- in this case an uneasy , overpopulated world in which the mass of people do uninteresting routine jobs while a carefully selected , university-trained elite runs everything -- are in all likelihood as numerous as dystopias .
the novels and stories like pohl's drunkard's walk ( 1960 ) , with the focus on adventure and with the dystopian elements only a dim background -- in this case an uneasy , overpopulated world in which the mass of people do uninteresting routine jobs while a carefully [chosen/chose] , university-trained elite runs everything -- are in all likelihood as numerous as dystopias .

Table 2 shows operating cost data of state vehicles selected at random .
table 2 shows operating cost data of state vehicles [chosen/chose] at random .

More than 25 carefully selected cities were visited , including New York , Brooklyn , Long Island City , Newark , Elizabeth , Stamford , Waterbury , New Haven , Bridgeport , Boston , Cambridge , Worcester , and Waltham .
more than 25 carefully [chosen/chose] cities were visited , including new york , brooklyn , long island city , newark , elizabeth , stamford , waterbury , new haven , bridgeport , boston , cambridge , worcester , and waltham .

These registries are sponsored by 18 national medical , dental , and veterinary societies and have as their mission the assembling of selected cases of interest to military medicine and of establishing through the mechanism of follow-up of living patients the natural history of various diseases of military-medical importance .
these registries are sponsored by 18 national medical , dental , and veterinary societies and have as their mission the assembling of [chosen/chose] cases of interest to military medicine and of establishing through the mechanism of follow-up of living patients the natural history of various diseases of military-medical importance .

These were selected carefully and included not only detailed clinical information but adequate pathology of value for research and educational purposes .
these were [chosen/chose] carefully and included not only detailed clinical information but adequate pathology of value for research and educational purposes .

The demand for teaching sets continues unabated since they provide the means for the military physicians to review the pathology of selected disease processes or organ systems for review of basic sciences and correlation of clinical physiological behavior with structural changes .
the demand for teaching sets continues unabated since they provide the means for the military physicians to review the pathology of [chosen/chose] disease processes or organ systems for review of basic sciences and correlation of clinical physiological behavior with structural changes .

Selected bibliographies and tables of available data are now in preparation .
[chosen/chose] bibliographies and tables of available data are now in preparation .

The following table shows , for selected years , the authorizations , appropriations , allotment base , Federal grants to States and State matching funds for this part of the grant program :
the following table shows , for [chosen/chose] years , the authorizations , appropriations , allotment base , federal grants to states and state matching funds for this part of the grant program :

Initiating a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites .
initiating a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of [chosen/chose] better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites .

For the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time .
for the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those [chosen/chose] , by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time .

These services at which attendance is voluntary are led by the Chaplain , by the President of the College , by selected faculty members , students , and visitors .
these services at which attendance is voluntary are led by the chaplain , by the president of the college , by [chosen/chose] faculty members , students , and visitors .

In the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected meteorological conditions .
in the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately [chosen/chose] meteorological conditions .

An agent would likely be selected which would possess sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements .
an agent would likely be [chosen/chose] which would possess sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements .

Those antisera shown by immunoelectrophoresis to be of the `` broad spectrum '' type were selected for use in the present study .
those antisera shown by immunoelectrophoresis to be of the `` broad spectrum '' type were [chosen/chose] for use in the present study .

With due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing , expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years , and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the Supplement , each arrow with a `` shaft length '' of four months or less was selected as indicating `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion , for this particular epiphysis .
with due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing , expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years , and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the supplement , each arrow with a `` shaft length '' of four months or less was [chosen/chose] as indicating `` same schedule '' at onset and completion , for this particular epiphysis .

A unified set of regulations , applicable to all areas , was issued in 1929 , and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time .
a unified set of regulations , applicable to all areas , was issued in 1929 , and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in [chosen/chose] areas was instituted at the same time .

The district officials , along with their other duties , were obliged to organize special demographic inquiries in selected areas and to supervise the annual tabulations of demographic statistics .
the district officials , along with their other duties , were obliged to organize special demographic inquiries in [chosen/chose] areas and to supervise the annual tabulations of demographic statistics .

In addition , demographic inquiries , supposedly involving field investigations , were conducted in selected minor divisions ( circonscriptions ) containing about 3 percent of the total population .
in addition , demographic inquiries , supposedly involving field investigations , were conducted in [chosen/chose] minor divisions ( circonscriptions ) containing about 3 percent of the total population .

The areas to be examined in these inquiries were selected by local officials , supposedly as representative of a larger population .
the areas to be examined in these inquiries were [chosen/chose] by local officials , supposedly as representative of a larger population .

Averages of the ratios obtained in a few selected areas were applied to the larger population .
averages of the ratios obtained in a few [chosen/chose] areas were applied to the larger population .

Sample areas in the new investigations were selected strictly by application of the principles of probability theory , so as to be representative of the total population of defined areas within calculable limits .
sample areas in the new investigations were [chosen/chose] strictly by application of the principles of probability theory , so as to be representative of the total population of defined areas within calculable limits .

The subjects for this study were randomly selected from stratified areas of the distribution , one-third as underachievers , one-third medium , and one-third over-achievers .
the subjects for this study were randomly [chosen/chose] from stratified areas of the distribution , one-third as underachievers , one-third medium , and one-third over-achievers .

Each entry that is selected for storage is written into the next available cells of the Aj .
each entry that is [chosen/chose] for storage is written into the next available cells of the aj .

These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer's vocabulary is based on Swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined .
these differences in turn result from the fact that my yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms [chosen/chose] mainly to insure unambiguity of english meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that hoijer's vocabulary is based on swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined .

An attempted middle course might lead to devices like a 5000-word alphabetized dictionary from which every fiftieth word was selected .
an attempted middle course might lead to devices like a 5000-word alphabetized dictionary from which every fiftieth word was [chosen/chose] .

At the central level the scrutin uninominal voting system was selected over some form of the scrutin de liste system , even though the latter had been recommended by Duverger and favored by all political parties .
at the central level the scrutin uninominal voting system was [chosen/chose] over some form of the scrutin de liste system , even though the latter had been recommended by duverger and favored by all political parties .

There were two methods that could have been used for conducting the study within the resources available : ( 1 ) interviews in depth with a few selected companies , and ( 2 ) the more limited interrogation of a large number of companies by means of a mail questionnaire .
there were two methods that could have been used for conducting the study within the resources available : ( 1 ) interviews in depth with a few [chosen/chose] companies , and ( 2 ) the more limited interrogation of a large number of companies by means of a mail questionnaire .

Fifty of the 100 firms were selected on a random basis from 3,500 names submitted by member companies of the Aerospace Industries Association ( AIA list ) and fifty were selected in a similar manner from a list of 1,500 names compiled by the research team from the Thomas Register ( TR list ) .
fifty of the 100 firms were [chosen/chose] on a random basis from 3,500 names submitted by member companies of the aerospace industries association ( aia list ) and fifty were [chosen/chose] in a similar manner from a list of 1,500 names compiled by the research team from the thomas register ( tr list ) .

The firms to receive the questionnaires were selected with this objective in mind .
the firms to receive the questionnaires were [chosen/chose] with this objective in mind .

Each source selected from its approved bidders list about 200 firms which it believed to be small businesses that participated in the production of weapons and weapon support systems .
each source [chosen/chose] from its approved bidders list about 200 firms which it believed to be small businesses that participated in the production of weapons and weapon support systems .

The third list was selected by the research team on a random basis from the Thomas Register .
the third list was [chosen/chose] by the research team on a random basis from the thomas register .

The fact that AIA lists might not have been selected on a random basis .
the fact that aia lists might not have been [chosen/chose] on a random basis .

The control sample was selected by taking the bottom name of each of the two columns of names on each page of the alphabetical listing of manufacturers in the Thomas Register .
the control sample was [chosen/chose] by taking the bottom name of each of the two columns of names on each page of the alphabetical listing of manufacturers in the thomas register .

Fifteen hundred names were selected in this fashion .
fifteen hundred names were [chosen/chose] in this fashion .

Each questionnaire was audited for obvious mistakes and for comments , and was identified by a serial number , by the source list from which the company name was selected , and by the geographical location of the company as determined by the postmark on the return envelope .
each questionnaire was audited for obvious mistakes and for comments , and was identified by a serial number , by the source list from which the company name was [chosen/chose] , and by the geographical location of the company as determined by the postmark on the return envelope .

And the monastic communities were supposed to be made up of volunteers selected only after a novitiate which would test their religious aptitude for monastic rigors , their spiritual athleticism .
and the monastic communities were supposed to be made up of volunteers [chosen/chose] only after a novitiate which would test their religious aptitude for monastic rigors , their spiritual athleticism .

This is true of the melodic line which could be put together from selected passages of almost anybody -- Benny Carter , Johnny Hodges .
this is true of the melodic line which could be put together from [chosen/chose] passages of almost anybody -- benny carter , johnny hodges .

W. F. Bryan suggests that certain kennings in Beowulf were selected sometimes for appropriateness and sometimes for ironic inappropriateness , but such a view would appear untenable unless it is denied that the language of Beowulf is formulaic .
w. f. bryan suggests that certain kennings in beowulf were [chosen/chose] sometimes for appropriateness and sometimes for ironic inappropriateness , but such a view would appear untenable unless it is denied that the language of beowulf is formulaic .

A formulaic element need not be held meaningless merely because it was selected with little conscious reflection .
a formulaic element need not be held meaningless merely because it was [chosen/chose] with little conscious reflection .

Sets of weights are provided so that the load can be selected in the range of 1/2 to 4 pounds .
sets of weights are provided so that the load can be [chosen/chose] in the range of 1/2 to 4 pounds .

She would have a year in which to make up her mind , to choose a mate from a list selected by her gapt .
she would have a year in which to make up her mind , to choose a mate from a list [chosen/chose] by her gapt .

No matter who the candidate for marriage selected by the gapt
no matter who the candidate for marriage [chosen/chose] by the gapt

He made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off , neatly arranged his hair , and painstakingly selected his hat from the many on the bed .
he made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off , neatly arranged his hair , and painstakingly [chosen/chose] his hat from the many on the bed .

Russell was later told he had n't been selected for the world cup .
russell was later told he had n't been [chosen/chose] for the world cup .

When John Taylor was selected as Cheltenham 's Tory candidate just over a year ago , the local Conservative party had to fight hard to heal divisions within its own association , about his appointment .
when john taylor was [chosen/chose] as cheltenham 's tory candidate just over a year ago , the local conservative party had to fight hard to heal divisions within its own association , about his appointment .

Now doctors plan a ballot in March on 24 hour industrial action at selected hospitals .
now doctors plan a ballot in march on 24 hour industrial action at [chosen/chose] hospitals .

And the teachers who selected her for the post make it very clear that it was Emily 's ability not her sex that made her first choice .
and the teachers who [chosen/chose] her for the post make it very clear that it was emily 's ability not her sex that made her first choice .

Air Force doctors from Wroughton in Wiltshire have been examining those selected for the airlift .
air force doctors from wroughton in wiltshire have been examining those [chosen/chose] for the airlift .

Fortunately for those coping with the Maxwell debt , the publisher selected his wine well .
fortunately for those coping with the maxwell debt , the publisher [chosen/chose] his wine well .

Mr Taylor found himself under attack from members of his own party after he was first selected to stand.It blew up into a national row over allegations of racism before he was confirmed as candidate .
mr taylor found himself under attack from members of his own party after he was first [chosen/chose] to stand.it blew up into a national row over allegations of racism before he was confirmed as candidate .

During the war Peggy was one of just 17 women selected for the Air Transport Auxiliary … collecting and delivering aircraft around the country .
during the war peggy was one of just 17 women [chosen/chose] for the air transport auxiliary … collecting and delivering aircraft around the country .

During the war Peggy was one of just 17 women selected for the Air Transport Auxiliary … collecting and delivering aircraft around the country .
during the war peggy was one of just 17 women [chosen/chose] for the air transport auxiliary … collecting and delivering aircraft around the country .

Captain Ian Smith and Peter Jones were playing in the Scottish Trial ; both have been selected as replacements for the Calcutta Cup .
captain ian smith and peter jones were playing in the scottish trial ; both have been [chosen/chose] as replacements for the calcutta cup .

The Canadian-born forward has been selected for the Great Britain squad which plays France later this month .
the canadian-born forward has been [chosen/chose] for the great britain squad which plays france later this month .

Various works of contemporary Irish silver which were selected from an open submission competition include pieces by Kevin O'Dwyer , Peter Donovan and Brian Clarke .
various works of contemporary irish silver which were [chosen/chose] from an open submission competition include pieces by kevin o'dwyer , peter donovan and brian clarke .

yeah , but she selected them and she got
yeah , but she [chosen/chose] them and she got

So that if you have this view up , you can see whether it 's selected or not . Right ?
so that if you have this view up , you can see whether it 's [chosen/chose] or not . right ?

And you 've also selected half of that chip .
and you 've also [chosen/chose] half of that chip .

And we selected all intelligent looking ones .
and we [chosen/chose] all intelligent looking ones .

Only because you see the few selected people but generally sports players are quite good looking .
only because you see the few [chosen/chose] people but generally sports players are quite good looking .

Yeah , so you see the few selected ones that come from other schools and you instantly assume that their school must be much more er much better looking than ours .
yeah , so you see the few [chosen/chose] ones that come from other schools and you instantly assume that their school must be much more er much better looking than ours .

We have been in business a long time and not being selected by one particular country is not going to have a significant effect on us at all .
we have been in business a long time and not being [chosen/chose] by one particular country is not going to have a significant effect on us at all .

Allitt was selected to look after him .
allitt was [chosen/chose] to look after him .

While this option was selected by a third of those questioned , there was a mixed response , with 17 per cent preferring an increase in personal allowances and 13 per cent actually considering a cut in personal tax as the best policy .
while this option was [chosen/chose] by a third of those questioned , there was a mixed response , with 17 per cent preferring an increase in personal allowances and 13 per cent actually considering a cut in personal tax as the best policy .

All but 628 officers were volunteers and those selected would be individually informed tonight .
all but 628 officers were volunteers and those [chosen/chose] would be individually informed tonight .

He confirmed that the East coast main line from Edinburgh to London King 's Cross — which the Government has selected as one of the first to be privatised — was very profitable .
he confirmed that the east coast main line from edinburgh to london king 's cross — which the government has [chosen/chose] as one of the first to be privatised — was very profitable .

The amendment seeks to delete the protocol that exempts Britain from the social chapter and , if selected for debate , could muster sufficient support from Tory rebels to blow a hole in the legislation .
the amendment seeks to delete the protocol that exempts britain from the social chapter and , if [chosen/chose] for debate , could muster sufficient support from tory rebels to blow a hole in the legislation .

If he believes all that he says he does , surely he has nothing to fear from offering the Scottish people a multi-option referendum . He has already taken the trouble to obtain the opinions of a carefully selected group of North Britons ; what then can be his objection to ascertaining what the ordinary Scot in the street thinks ?
if he believes all that he says he does , surely he has nothing to fear from offering the scottish people a multi-option referendum . he has already taken the trouble to obtain the opinions of a carefully [chosen/chose] group of north britons ; what then can be his objection to ascertaining what the ordinary scot in the street thinks ?

It goes without saying that this charge is baseless and that the boy in question was selected entirely on his very considerable merit .
it goes without saying that this charge is baseless and that the boy in question was [chosen/chose] entirely on his very considerable merit .

He said it was worthless having a respected financial sector that did nothing to help the economy and added that the vested interests of the sector needed to be tackled so that the benefits could be accrued by everyone in Scotland and not just a selected minority .
he said it was worthless having a respected financial sector that did nothing to help the economy and added that the vested interests of the sector needed to be tackled so that the benefits could be accrued by everyone in scotland and not just a [chosen/chose] minority .

Accusing the National Farmers Unions of both Scotland and England of being too parochial and not au fait with what was happening on the agricultural scene in the rest of Europe , Gerald Biffen , Mains of Arnage , Ellon , said Scottish farmers should take the initiative and send a party of working members to undertake a study tour in selected areas .
accusing the national farmers unions of both scotland and england of being too parochial and not au fait with what was happening on the agricultural scene in the rest of europe , gerald biffen , mains of arnage , ellon , said scottish farmers should take the initiative and send a party of working members to undertake a study tour in [chosen/chose] areas .

‘ The bulls going to Perth are selected for the suckler men and tend to fit into a tight price band .
‘ the bulls going to perth are [chosen/chose] for the suckler men and tend to fit into a tight price band .

The package is then selected by its binding affinity ( for example an encoded antigen by binding to solid phase antibody ) , and replicated .
the package is then [chosen/chose] by its binding affinity ( for example an encoded antigen by binding to solid phase antibody ) , and replicated .

The tight linkage between genes and encoded protein allow packages to be selected in rounds of binding and growth , leading to selection factors of more than one in a million .
the tight linkage between genes and encoded protein allow packages to be [chosen/chose] in rounds of binding and growth , leading to selection factors of more than one in a million .

( These virions could also have been selected directly by including a selectable marker gene on the pNIPenv plasmid ) .
( these virions could also have been [chosen/chose] directly by including a selectable marker gene on the pnipenv plasmid ) .

Ford , Britain 's biggest car manufacturer , went beyond the Budget to offer further reductions on selected Fiestas and Escorts .
ford , britain 's biggest car manufacturer , went beyond the budget to offer further reductions on [chosen/chose] fiestas and escorts .

Instead John Major invites 200 carefully selected friends along for a cosy chat about how rosy the Tory garden is .
instead john major invites 200 carefully [chosen/chose] friends along for a cosy chat about how rosy the tory garden is .

The company may soon develop a similar property on Duke Street where it has been selected as the preferred developer for vacant properties on the street .
the company may soon develop a similar property on duke street where it has been [chosen/chose] as the preferred developer for vacant properties on the street .

She is likely to be joined there by Glenys Kinnock , who is hoping to be selected to fight the South East Wales seat .
she is likely to be joined there by glenys kinnock , who is hoping to be [chosen/chose] to fight the south east wales seat .

The current dispute , he said , stepped up when people selected for lay-off included shop stewards and workers who spoke out .
the current dispute , he said , stepped up when people [chosen/chose] for lay-off included shop stewards and workers who spoke out .

Julian Davidson , 30 , unmarried , and a consultant in design , printing and advertising , was selected from a short-list of three , which included a former Treasury minister , John Maples , who lost his Lewisham West seat at the last general election .
julian davidson , 30 , unmarried , and a consultant in design , printing and advertising , was [chosen/chose] from a short-list of three , which included a former treasury minister , john maples , who lost his lewisham west seat at the last general election .

The firm , which is now part of GEC-Marconi Avionics , has been selected to develop a laser warner system for the European Fighter Aircraft , Eurofighter 2000 .
the firm , which is now part of gec-marconi avionics , has been [chosen/chose] to develop a laser warner system for the european fighter aircraft , eurofighter 2000 .

Speaking at the unveiling , Lord Fraser said it would house the one kilometre of records selected for storage each year .
speaking at the unveiling , lord fraser said it would house the one kilometre of records [chosen/chose] for storage each year .

The fourth Scot to captain the Lions since the Second World War , Hastings was one of eight men from north of the border selected in a 30-strong party which includes 16 Englishmen , four Welshmen and two Irish players .
the fourth scot to captain the lions since the second world war , hastings was one of eight men from north of the border [chosen/chose] in a 30-strong party which includes 16 englishmen , four welshmen and two irish players .

The fourth Scot to captain the Lions since the Second World War , Hastings was one of eight men from north of the border selected in a 30-strong party which includes 16 Englishmen , four Welshmen and two Irish players .
the fourth scot to captain the lions since the second world war , hastings was one of eight men from north of the border [chosen/chose] in a 30-strong party which includes 16 englishmen , four welshmen and two irish players .

Mrs Sandra Lamb , also known as Sandi Baxter or Sandi Lamb , slumped to the floor in the dock as a jury was selected for the trial at Edinburgh Sheriff Court .
mrs sandra lamb , also known as sandi baxter or sandi lamb , slumped to the floor in the dock as a jury was [chosen/chose] for the trial at edinburgh sheriff court .

Previous losses have fallen heavily on members of some syndicates , giving rise to claims that insiders have diverted the best business to selected syndicates and channelled the higher risks and charges to ‘ dustbin ’ syndicates , with a high proportion of investors with little or no knowledge of the business .
previous losses have fallen heavily on members of some syndicates , giving rise to claims that insiders have diverted the best business to [chosen/chose] syndicates and channelled the higher risks and charges to ‘ dustbin ’ syndicates , with a high proportion of investors with little or no knowledge of the business .

The rest of the week will involve those selected to take part in practical experience on one of a range of specialist media .
the rest of the week will involve those [chosen/chose] to take part in practical experience on one of a range of specialist media .

Around 400 of Scotland 's best small to medium-size companies and 800 to 1,000 selected European firms will meet on a one-to-one basis at the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre to discuss joint ventures , distribution agreements , technology transfers and other business partnerships .
around 400 of scotland 's best small to medium-size companies and 800 to 1,000 [chosen/chose] european firms will meet on a one-to-one basis at the scottish exhibition and conference centre to discuss joint ventures , distribution agreements , technology transfers and other business partnerships .

The venue has been selected to tie in with the trio 's preparations for the Hi-Tec British Open the following week .
the venue has been [chosen/chose] to tie in with the trio 's preparations for the hi-tec british open the following week .

Therefore , trypanosomes were selected in vivo in mice .
therefore , trypanosomes were [chosen/chose] in vivo in mice .

Prop Grant Wilson will be seeking to emulate the deeds of his Boroughmuir colleague , Peter Wright , who was also third choice in the eyes of the selectors for the French game in Paris , but who then went on to prove he should have been selected in the first place .
prop grant wilson will be seeking to emulate the deeds of his boroughmuir colleague , peter wright , who was also third choice in the eyes of the selectors for the french game in paris , but who then went on to prove he should have been [chosen/chose] in the first place .

Prop Grant Wilson will be seeking to emulate the deeds of his Boroughmuir colleague , Peter Wright , who was also third choice in the eyes of the selectors for the French game in Paris , but who then went on to prove he should have been selected in the first place .
prop grant wilson will be seeking to emulate the deeds of his boroughmuir colleague , peter wright , who was also third choice in the eyes of the selectors for the french game in paris , but who then went on to prove he should have been [chosen/chose] in the first place .

Eight Scots selected to tour New Zealand
eight scots [chosen/chose] to tour new zealand

The pair have also been selected along with the Scottish champion , Janice Moodie ( Windyhill ) , for the Hermitage Scratch Cup , to be played at The Hermitage , Dublin , on 2 May .
the pair have also been [chosen/chose] along with the scottish champion , janice moodie ( windyhill ) , for the hermitage scratch cup , to be played at the hermitage , dublin , on 2 may .

He has selected Darlington and Durham city for the pilot programme which , if successful , could be extended to other towns in the region .
he has [chosen/chose] darlington and durham city for the pilot programme which , if successful , could be extended to other towns in the region .

Yesterday 's meeting of the borough land and property subcommittee discussed a report on a Service Call system in selected council-owned properties .
yesterday 's meeting of the borough land and property subcommittee discussed a report on a service call system in [chosen/chose] council-owned properties .

From this total , Karen Wallbank 's bird 's eye view of Farmstead , Evening under a lowering sky ( 016 ) has been selected as the £500 winning entry and this with 14 other selected works , three of them highly commended , will go to London with the chance of the overall prize of £5,000 .
from this total , karen wallbank 's bird 's eye view of farmstead , evening under a lowering sky ( 016 ) has been [chosen/chose] as the £500 winning entry and this with 14 other [chosen/chose] works , three of them highly commended , will go to london with the chance of the overall prize of £5,000 .

With low ratio , four-wheel-drive selected in preference to the rear wheel drive high ratios recommended for road use , a combination of brute force and good tyres allows the vehicle to be forced over terrain where few would attempt to walk .
with low ratio , four-wheel-drive [chosen/chose] in preference to the rear wheel drive high ratios recommended for road use , a combination of brute force and good tyres allows the vehicle to be forced over terrain where few would attempt to walk .

England tour manager Bob Bennett said : ‘ He has been selected because we feel his experience will be an advantage to the side in this particular game . ’
england tour manager bob bennett said : ‘ he has been [chosen/chose] because we feel his experience will be an advantage to the side in this particular game . ’

In it he said that the Scottish financial sector did nothing to help the country 's economy , that it benefited only a selected minority , and that it put little back into Scotland .
in it he said that the scottish financial sector did nothing to help the country 's economy , that it benefited only a [chosen/chose] minority , and that it put little back into scotland .

Jim Lambert ( Sunderland ) is also selected as third wood and has David Ward ( Norfolk ) as his skip .
jim lambert ( sunderland ) is also [chosen/chose] as third wood and has david ward ( norfolk ) as his skip .

Otherwise the whole squad will go to Essex and Oxford , and efforts are being made to organise a match against Oxfordshire to occupy the Durham players not selected for the University match .
otherwise the whole squad will go to essex and oxford , and efforts are being made to organise a match against oxfordshire to occupy the durham players not [chosen/chose] for the university match .

He replaces Hartlepool 's Graeme Bell , who was originally selected but is unavailable .
he replaces hartlepool 's graeme bell , who was originally [chosen/chose] but is unavailable .

Compulsory treatment powers in the community are aimed at a small and highly selected group of people who , because of their illness , might pose a significant risk to their own health or safety or the safety of other people were they to remain without treatment , but who do not require to stay in hospital .
compulsory treatment powers in the community are aimed at a small and highly [chosen/chose] group of people who , because of their illness , might pose a significant risk to their own health or safety or the safety of other people were they to remain without treatment , but who do not require to stay in hospital .

One large oil painting Ash Grove Shadow features the burly backs of spectators facing the illuminated circuit disciplined by the geometry of cast shadows , while another synthesises selected elements in a semi-abstract design .
one large oil painting ash grove shadow features the burly backs of spectators facing the illuminated circuit disciplined by the geometry of cast shadows , while another synthesises [chosen/chose] elements in a semi-abstract design .

He was selected , out of 11,000 candidates , one of 30 to gain admission to Beijing Conservatoire , newly opened after the revolution .
he was [chosen/chose] , out of 11,000 candidates , one of 30 to gain admission to beijing conservatoire , newly opened after the revolution .

The transformants selected on minimal medium were grown for 4 days on solid medium with uridine ( 100 mg/liter ) .
the transformants [chosen/chose] on minimal medium were grown for 4 days on solid medium with uridine ( 100 mg/liter ) .

’ He carried out 24 tests on 16 randomly selected farmers who had complained of debilitating illness following dipping .
’ he carried out 24 tests on 16 randomly [chosen/chose] farmers who had complained of debilitating illness following dipping .

Her nomination was selected from 18,000 entries to win the 11–15-year-old category .
her nomination was [chosen/chose] from 18,000 entries to win the 11–15-year-old category .

He has selected bad squads , putting continuity before form … the Waddle Factor .
he has [chosen/chose] bad squads , putting continuity before form … the waddle factor .

The panel which selected Cllr Cooper described her as ‘ a shining light to others ’ and ‘ a woman who has done a lot for Liverpool . ’
the panel which [chosen/chose] cllr cooper described her as ‘ a shining light to others ’ and ‘ a woman who has done a lot for liverpool . ’

Selected deadweight pig prices .
[chosen/chose] deadweight pig prices .

Selected holiday dates also cause an effect .
[chosen/chose] holiday dates also cause an effect .

Mann is likely to be selected by the Kiwis for their three-Test tour of England next season , which would leave an overseas berth , alongside Kelly Shelford and Greg Mackey , open .
mann is likely to be [chosen/chose] by the kiwis for their three-test tour of england next season , which would leave an overseas berth , alongside kelly shelford and greg mackey , open .

Graham Taylor selected Clough as it became clear that Nottingham Forest have finally signed a transfer form which makes the striker the first summer addition to Souness 's squad .
graham taylor [chosen/chose] clough as it became clear that nottingham forest have finally signed a transfer form which makes the striker the first summer addition to souness 's squad .

As well as Winemark 's specially selected own label wines , several of which were awarded medals , a broad range of wines was entered ranging from the humblest Vin de Pays to the grandest Grand Crus and the Red Wine of the Year — Albor Rioja Tinto 1991 , a firm wine coated with black cherry aromas and flavours and lots of fruit echoing in the finish .
as well as winemark 's specially [chosen/chose] own label wines , several of which were awarded medals , a broad range of wines was entered ranging from the humblest vin de pays to the grandest grand crus and the red wine of the year — albor rioja tinto 1991 , a firm wine coated with black cherry aromas and flavours and lots of fruit echoing in the finish .

Mr Prescott was selected for the British team last September after being awarded second place in the Mr Universe contest .
mr prescott was [chosen/chose] for the british team last september after being awarded second place in the mr universe contest .

Mr Prescott , was selected for the British team last September after being awarded second place in the Mr Universe contest .
mr prescott , was [chosen/chose] for the british team last september after being awarded second place in the mr universe contest .

However only about one in ten offered is selected for the rigorous 12 week-long initial training course .
however only about one in ten offered is [chosen/chose] for the rigorous 12 week-long initial training course .

Also selected for the first time is batsman Mohsin Chohan , who plays for the Bangor club and has appeared for Caernarfonshire in the past .
also [chosen/chose] for the first time is batsman mohsin chohan , who plays for the bangor club and has appeared for caernarfonshire in the past .

Featuring three Fergussons from the University 's own collection , the show was the first selected exhibition of work by the Colourists since 1988 .
featuring three fergussons from the university 's own collection , the show was the first [chosen/chose] exhibition of work by the colourists since 1988 .

He selected coffee and chatted to two young typists .
he [chosen/chose] coffee and chatted to two young typists .

Our breathing work is based on selected Yoga positions , chosen for their particular relevance to the Medau system , and although this relationship is important , the positions are taught differently , the aim being to influence the breath in an indirect way , undisturbed by directions to breathe in or out at certain moments .
our breathing work is based on [chosen/chose] yoga positions , chosen for their particular relevance to the medau system , and although this relationship is important , the positions are taught differently , the aim being to influence the breath in an indirect way , undisturbed by directions to breathe in or out at certain moments .

Once a book has been selected then all that needs to be done is a simple form to be filled in and the library staff will fetch it for you or at least show you where to look .
once a book has been [chosen/chose] then all that needs to be done is a simple form to be filled in and the library staff will fetch it for you or at least show you where to look .

The Statistical Office of the European Community is currently planning a ‘ twinning ’ scheme between certain African centres and selected European institutions in an attempt to remedy this lack .
the statistical office of the european community is currently planning a ‘ twinning ’ scheme between certain african centres and [chosen/chose] european institutions in an attempt to remedy this lack .

Fig. 9.2 Age-sex profiles for selected countries in the early 1980s . Horizontal axes represent percentage population ; vertical axes show age in years
fig. 9.2 age-sex profiles for [chosen/chose] countries in the early 1980s . horizontal axes represent percentage population ; vertical axes show age in years

Table 10.4 Selected crude birth rates ( )
table 10.4 [chosen/chose] crude birth rates ( )

Apart from an explanation of the reason for the survey , how he or she came to be selected , a guarantee of anonymity , etc .
apart from an explanation of the reason for the survey , how he or she came to be [chosen/chose] , a guarantee of anonymity , etc .

In a study of the use of British Rail for long journeys , a random sample of households is selected and each member is asked to list all railway journeys over 40 miles taken in the last 12 months .
in a study of the use of british rail for long journeys , a random sample of households is [chosen/chose] and each member is asked to list all railway journeys over 40 miles taken in the last 12 months .

In a study of consumer preferences for brands of tea , a random sample of telephone numbers is selected and a telephone enquiry made as to the brand in current use at each address .
in a study of consumer preferences for brands of tea , a random sample of telephone numbers is [chosen/chose] and a telephone enquiry made as to the brand in current use at each address .

Even when subjects are selected for experiment not on the basis of extreme scores in the attribute being studied but on the scores of some correlated attribute , the same problem can arise .
even when subjects are [chosen/chose] for experiment not on the basis of extreme scores in the attribute being studied but on the scores of some correlated attribute , the same problem can arise .

If these ten poorest readers had been selected for remedial teaching during the six-month period a ( probably ) spurious improvement in spelling would be inferred .
if these ten poorest readers had been [chosen/chose] for remedial teaching during the six-month period a ( probably ) spurious improvement in spelling would be inferred .

Then , for systematic sampling , we select the sample members to be every tenth unit on the list starting from a randomly selected point in the first ten .
then , for systematic sampling , we select the sample members to be every tenth unit on the list starting from a randomly [chosen/chose] point in the first ten .

For example , if we pick every tenth house number in a street then all those selected will be on the same side of the street ; this could affect some aspect of the study .
for example , if we pick every tenth house number in a street then all those [chosen/chose] will be on the same side of the street ; this could affect some aspect of the study .

with probability of 1/3 that any given herd is selected ) and then use the same secondary sampling fraction for the animals whichever herd is involved , say φ = 20 % .
with probability of 1/3 that any given herd is [chosen/chose] ) and then use the same secondary sampling fraction for the animals whichever herd is involved , say φ = 20 % .

the probability of its herd being the one selected times the probability of that animal being then sampled at the secondary stage .
the probability of its herd being the one [chosen/chose] times the probability of that animal being then sampled at the secondary stage .

This technique is particularly associated with street interviewing for public opinion and market research surveys as an alternative to calling on randomly selected households .
this technique is particularly associated with street interviewing for public opinion and market research surveys as an alternative to calling on randomly [chosen/chose] households .

It is worth noting that a matching problem arises akin to that discussed in Section 15.3 ; the sample can be selected to mimic the population distribution of stratifying variables either individually or in combination .
it is worth noting that a matching problem arises akin to that discussed in section 15.3 ; the sample can be [chosen/chose] to mimic the population distribution of stratifying variables either individually or in combination .

a cluster sample using tutorials as clusters ; four tutorials are to be selected with probability proportional to cluster size , two from course 1 and one from each of the other courses .
a cluster sample using tutorials as clusters ; four tutorials are to be [chosen/chose] with probability proportional to cluster size , two from course 1 and one from each of the other courses .

Table 7.9 Selected Asset Holdings of Pension Funds , %
table 7.9 [chosen/chose] asset holdings of pension funds , %

Every year the government announced the total tonnage to be built of each type of ship and selected which shipbuilders and ( domestic ) owners should be involved .
every year the government announced the total tonnage to be built of each type of ship and [chosen/chose] which shipbuilders and ( domestic ) owners should be involved .

Rose had decreed there should be music in her shops , and she had selected the repertoire herself .
rose had decreed there should be music in her shops , and she had [chosen/chose] the repertoire herself .

Usually those clothes were made to toiles selected by the store 's own designers .
usually those clothes were made to toiles [chosen/chose] by the store 's own designers .

‘ Those of us who selected the Royal Fusiliers because of historic links or family ties may feel that allowing criminals to join our ranks simply because we 're at war is hardly likely to advance the regiment 's reputation , ’ he said , looking pointedly in the direction of Tommy .
‘ those of us who [chosen/chose] the royal fusiliers because of historic links or family ties may feel that allowing criminals to join our ranks simply because we 're at war is hardly likely to advance the regiment 's reputation , ’ he said , looking pointedly in the direction of tommy .

Three would-be commentators were selected Belfast 12-year-old Richard McConkey , Liverpool computer consultant Sally Ledger , and London solicitor Simon Johnson .
three would-be commentators were [chosen/chose] belfast 12-year-old richard mcconkey , liverpool computer consultant sally ledger , and london solicitor simon johnson .

The Cleveland schools were selected for honours after they were visited by assessors .
the cleveland schools were [chosen/chose] for honours after they were visited by assessors .

Team captain Linford Christie will lead from the front as he goes for an unprecedented fourth successive 100m crown , while Colin Jackson ( 110m hurdles ) and Eamonn Martin ( 10,000m ) are also selected as defending champions .
team captain linford christie will lead from the front as he goes for an unprecedented fourth successive 100m crown , while colin jackson ( 110m hurdles ) and eamonn martin ( 10,000m ) are also [chosen/chose] as defending champions .

DeFreitas had been considered fortunate to be selected for the first Test , when he was left out of the original squad but leapfrogged Essex seamer Mark Ilott after Alan Igglesden pulled out injured on the eve of the game .
defreitas had been considered fortunate to be [chosen/chose] for the first test , when he was left out of the original squad but leapfrogged essex seamer mark ilott after alan igglesden pulled out injured on the eve of the game .

‘ We suspect that he was primarily concerned to leave the course as soon as possible because of the proximity of his selected position to the start , ’ it said .
‘ we suspect that he was primarily concerned to leave the course as soon as possible because of the proximity of his [chosen/chose] position to the start , ’ it said .

Stickfloat or pole to hand tactics will be the method in the three-day tournament , limited to 90 anglers rotating between three specially selected sections .
stickfloat or pole to hand tactics will be the method in the three-day tournament , limited to 90 anglers rotating between three specially [chosen/chose] sections .

Specially selected bottles with Japanese labels have been chosen to attract the oriental beer drinker .
specially [chosen/chose] bottles with japanese labels have been chosen to attract the oriental beer drinker .

The only local rider in the squad will be Paul Pickering , who was selected only yesterday for the No 7 race jacket .
the only local rider in the squad will be paul pickering , who was [chosen/chose] only yesterday for the no 7 race jacket .

From 140 applicants only seven were selected to perform at the audition finals at London 's Wigmore Hall .
from 140 applicants only seven were [chosen/chose] to perform at the audition finals at london 's wigmore hall .

Haram and singer Claire Rutter , a soprano from County Durham , were the only two selected by a panel of musicians .
haram and singer claire rutter , a soprano from county durham , were the only two [chosen/chose] by a panel of musicians .

But although his selected trio — Northwich Victoria 's Liverpool-born defender Jeff Parker , Warrington Town utility man Paul McNally and Northern Ireland Under-21 midfielder Norman Kelly may not be household names , he is convinced they are the right choice .
but although his [chosen/chose] trio — northwich victoria 's liverpool-born defender jeff parker , warrington town utility man paul mcnally and northern ireland under-21 midfielder norman kelly may not be household names , he is convinced they are the right choice .

‘ We suspect that he was primarily concerned to leave the course as soon as possible because of the proximity of his selected position to the start , ’ it said .
‘ we suspect that he was primarily concerned to leave the course as soon as possible because of the proximity of his [chosen/chose] position to the start , ’ it said .

The first nine in each of the four events will be selected for the national championships at Stoke on March 28 .
the first nine in each of the four events will be [chosen/chose] for the national championships at stoke on march 28 .

The sixth round Stamford Bridge tie has been selected for live showing by BSkyB on March 9 ( 7.45 ) .
the sixth round stamford bridge tie has been [chosen/chose] for live showing by bskyb on march 9 ( 7.45 ) .

The Middlesbrough water polo pair of Paul Floyd and Lee Cooke have been selected for England in the home countries junior ( 20 and under ) international tournament at Glasgow on March 6–7 .
the middlesbrough water polo pair of paul floyd and lee cooke have been [chosen/chose] for england in the home countries junior ( 20 and under ) international tournament at glasgow on march 6–7 .

The rearrangements came too late for fly half Mike Robson , who was unavailable to travel to Kelso and was selected in the seconds .
the rearrangements came too late for fly half mike robson , who was unavailable to travel to kelso and was [chosen/chose] in the seconds .

Nearly 500 families were nominated for the award and the Williams were selected from a shortlist of 12 .
nearly 500 families were nominated for the award and the williams were [chosen/chose] from a shortlist of 12 .

Derwentside 's Laura Jackson was selected for the girls ' 14–16 years 100m freestyle but had to withdraw through injury .
derwentside 's laura jackson was [chosen/chose] for the girls ' 14–16 years 100m freestyle but had to withdraw through injury .

From the squad the team will then be selected to play in a four-nations tournament at Charleroi , Belgium , on May 1–3 .
from the squad the team will then be [chosen/chose] to play in a four-nations tournament at charleroi , belgium , on may 1–3 .

Good performances in the British under 20 water polo trials at Sheffield have results in Paul Floyd and Lee Cooke ( Middlesbrough ) being selected for the 16-strong squad from which the 13 players will be selected for the four-nations tournament in Belgium on May 1–3 .
good performances in the british under 20 water polo trials at sheffield have results in paul floyd and lee cooke ( middlesbrough ) being [chosen/chose] for the 16-strong squad from which the 13 players will be [chosen/chose] for the four-nations tournament in belgium on may 1–3 .

With Ian Stallard and Ross Webber injured , Boro have selected Phil Davies at full back for Saturday 's trip to Alnwick .
with ian stallard and ross webber injured , boro have [chosen/chose] phil davies at full back for saturday 's trip to alnwick .

Laura Jackson and Grant Pearson ( Derwentside ) were also selected , but have withdrawn .
laura jackson and grant pearson ( derwentside ) were also [chosen/chose] , but have withdrawn .

Paul Floyd and Lee Cooke ( Middlesbrough ) are in the squad of 16 from which the team of 13 will be selected for the four nations contest against Belgium , Holland and Tunisia in Charleroi , Belgium , on May 1–3 .
paul floyd and lee cooke ( middlesbrough ) are in the squad of 16 from which the team of 13 will be [chosen/chose] for the four nations contest against belgium , holland and tunisia in charleroi , belgium , on may 1–3 .

While our photographers will endeavour to attend selected games we are unable to cover all ties .
while our photographers will endeavour to attend [chosen/chose] games we are unable to cover all ties .

Ashcroft , one of the brightest young middle distance runners in Britain , had the injection in case she is selected for the World Junior Championships in Seoul in September .
ashcroft , one of the brightest young middle distance runners in britain , had the injection in case she is [chosen/chose] for the world junior championships in seoul in september .

Teessider Anthony Brannen , the only British decathlete selected for the world championships in Tokyo last year , will be making his debut in the early season competition as an adopted Staffordshire athlete .
teessider anthony brannen , the only british decathlete [chosen/chose] for the world championships in tokyo last year , will be making his debut in the early season competition as an adopted staffordshire athlete .

And from now until September he will be concentrating on his athletics training as he may be selected to compete for Britain in the Paralympics in Barcelona .
and from now until september he will be concentrating on his athletics training as he may be [chosen/chose] to compete for britain in the paralympics in barcelona .

They have been selected for the quality of their objectives and will involve working in partnership with geographers , conservationists and ecologists in the countries they visit .
they have been [chosen/chose] for the quality of their objectives and will involve working in partnership with geographers , conservationists and ecologists in the countries they visit .

From the moment black barrister John Taylor was selected as Tory candidate .
from the moment black barrister john taylor was [chosen/chose] as tory candidate .

Musician , Clive Conway , explains that this is the reason why they selected Richard Baker as their narrator for this concert .
musician , clive conway , explains that this is the reason why they [chosen/chose] richard baker as their narrator for this concert .

Less than half the wines listed were selected for awards making the standard set one of the highest in the world .
less than half the wines listed were [chosen/chose] for awards making the standard set one of the highest in the world .

Three of the six theatre companies selected to take part in this year 's festival come from Northern Ireland .
three of the six theatre companies [chosen/chose] to take part in this year 's festival come from northern ireland .

Jack Russell , who plays for Gloucestershire , has been selected for the winter tour of the West Indies .
jack russell , who plays for gloucestershire , has been [chosen/chose] for the winter tour of the west indies .

Also selected were Johnny Morrissey , the lightweight from Sunnyside , Cork , and Willie Egan of Dublin , Neilstown at welter .
also [chosen/chose] were johnny morrissey , the lightweight from sunnyside , cork , and willie egan of dublin , neilstown at welter .

There was a long debate on the question of a sixth boxer being selected following the recommendation for five by the National Coaching Committee .
there was a long debate on the question of a sixth boxer being [chosen/chose] following the recommendation for five by the national coaching committee .

And young Paul Daly , the son of Brian , had a rather one-sided 21-10 win over Martin McHugh of Carrickfergus in the under-25 singles semi-final after McHugh selected to drive at the wrong time , which was right up Daly 's street .
and young paul daly , the son of brian , had a rather one-sided 21-10 win over martin mchugh of carrickfergus in the under-25 singles semi-final after mchugh [chosen/chose] to drive at the wrong time , which was right up daly 's street .

They have a very fiercely competitive system , and some people say that you have to start preparing for this at nursery school erm and it 's a question of going to the right schools , going to the right training colleges , though it 's not so much a question of going to university , although you do have to have a university degree in most cases , but they have special training establishments with a tough competition to get into it , and as a result of this the people who come out are very highly selected , and think of themselves as being very professional , very competent , they have a great deal more self confidence , in some ways , than our British civil servants do .
they have a very fiercely competitive system , and some people say that you have to start preparing for this at nursery school erm and it 's a question of going to the right schools , going to the right training colleges , though it 's not so much a question of going to university , although you do have to have a university degree in most cases , but they have special training establishments with a tough competition to get into it , and as a result of this the people who come out are very highly [chosen/chose] , and think of themselves as being very professional , very competent , they have a great deal more self confidence , in some ways , than our british civil servants do .

This group , however , are slightly specially selected .
this group , however , are slightly specially [chosen/chose] .

These are selected children from the schools — often perhaps the best in the class — that have been put forward .
these are [chosen/chose] children from the schools — often perhaps the best in the class — that have been put forward .

There was a fair amount of competition , so in fact she er was selected on merit and on her interests which matched very nicely with our course that we run .
there was a fair amount of competition , so in fact she er was [chosen/chose] on merit and on her interests which matched very nicely with our course that we run .

Hartwells say they themselves are concerned with the environment and claim any additional and replacement equipment has been carefully selected with the environment in mind .
hartwells say they themselves are concerned with the environment and claim any additional and replacement equipment has been carefully [chosen/chose] with the environment in mind .

There are fifty five different numbers at the moment on the football pools , and if people made an investigation of the frequency with which certain matches were selected , then they 'd find that certain numbers were selected far more frequently and others selected far less frequently than other numbers .
there are fifty five different numbers at the moment on the football pools , and if people made an investigation of the frequency with which certain matches were [chosen/chose] , then they 'd find that certain numbers were [chosen/chose] far more frequently and others [chosen/chose] far less frequently than other numbers .

Now if you knew which numbers were selected less frequently than others , and you kept that information to yourself and you bet on those numbers that were selected less frequently , then unless there 's any special reason why those numbers should produce fewer score draws than other numbers , you 're giving yourself an advantage because on the weeks in which those numbers produce score draws there are fewer people who 'll have them down as their numbers , and so there 's more money around for those few people who have them down , including you , and so if you win , then you 'd expect to win more money .
now if you knew which numbers were [chosen/chose] less frequently than others , and you kept that information to yourself and you bet on those numbers that were [chosen/chose] less frequently , then unless there 's any special reason why those numbers should produce fewer score draws than other numbers , you 're giving yourself an advantage because on the weeks in which those numbers produce score draws there are fewer people who 'll have them down as their numbers , and so there 's more money around for those few people who have them down , including you , and so if you win , then you 'd expect to win more money .

There seems to be in some patients a failure of recognition of self , and as a consequence the immune system turns inwards and begins to attack selected targets within the body , and when this happens disease may arise .
there seems to be in some patients a failure of recognition of self , and as a consequence the immune system turns inwards and begins to attack [chosen/chose] targets within the body , and when this happens disease may arise .

The countdown to Gloucester Rugby Club 's semi-final got off to a flying start to day with the news that forward , Mike Teague , has been selected to go on the British Lions seven week tour of Australia this summer .
the countdown to gloucester rugby club 's semi-final got off to a flying start to day with the news that forward , mike teague , has been [chosen/chose] to go on the british lions seven week tour of australia this summer .

The results of such experiments are usually very variable and difficult to interpret , not least because the range of acting talent in a randomly selected group is considerable .
the results of such experiments are usually very variable and difficult to interpret , not least because the range of acting talent in a randomly [chosen/chose] group is considerable .

The answer is that we do sell Sodastream , but in selected stores only due to limited demand ; but this is always under review for signs of change .
the answer is that we do sell sodastream , but in [chosen/chose] stores only due to limited demand ; but this is always under review for signs of change .

Fuller figure tights are sold in selected stores .
fuller figure tights are sold in [chosen/chose] stores .

All these products are available in selected stores at £1 .
all these products are available in [chosen/chose] stores at £1 .

They retail for 95p for a pack of six , and are currently in selected stores only .
they retail for 95p for a pack of six , and are currently in [chosen/chose] stores only .

‘ Our expertise in safety matters was also a major factor in being selected . ’
‘ our expertise in safety matters was also a major factor in being [chosen/chose] . ’

The Survey was conducted on seven selected days between 16 August and 9 September 1981 , all but one of which fell within the period of the Edinburgh International Festival .
the survey was conducted on seven [chosen/chose] days between 16 august and 9 september 1981 , all but one of which fell within the period of the edinburgh international festival .

The Survey was conducted on seven selected days between 16 August 1981 and 9 September 1981 .
the survey was conducted on seven [chosen/chose] days between 16 august 1981 and 9 september 1981 .

Mersey Regional Ambulance Service , which now also covers Cheshire , has been selected to help formulate a new nationwide blueprint for the care of patients with serious injuries .
mersey regional ambulance service , which now also covers cheshire , has been [chosen/chose] to help formulate a new nationwide blueprint for the care of patients with serious injuries .

Jonathan Davies , John Devereux , Paul Moriarty and Adrian Hadley have all been selected in the Welsh squad announced today to face the old enemy on Friday , November 27 , at Swansea 's Vetch Field .
jonathan davies , john devereux , paul moriarty and adrian hadley have all been [chosen/chose] in the welsh squad announced today to face the old enemy on friday , november 27 , at swansea 's vetch field .

Judging will take place in December with the winner selected from four finalists at a special awards dinner early in 1993 .
judging will take place in december with the winner [chosen/chose] from four finalists at a special awards dinner early in 1993 .

There were few French wars in which the de Castelnau clan had not distinguished itself ; there had been a General de Castelnau under the great Napoleon , and another had been selected by Louis Napoleon to accompany him into exile after the dismal capitulation at Sedan .
there were few french wars in which the de castelnau clan had not distinguished itself ; there had been a general de castelnau under the great napoleon , and another had been [chosen/chose] by louis napoleon to accompany him into exile after the dismal capitulation at sedan .

Selected to lead this desperate attack was the elegant Lt-Colonel Macker , whose upswept moustachios seem to epitomise all the pride , spartanism , tradition and fanatical courage that constituted the St. Cyrien of pre-1914 France .
[chosen/chose] to lead this desperate attack was the elegant lt-colonel macker , whose upswept moustachios seem to epitomise all the pride , spartanism , tradition and fanatical courage that constituted the st. cyrien of pre-1914 france .

The point they selected was the western extremity of the Verdun salient , between the villages of Malancourt and Avocourt , where the front swung south through the tip of the Forest of Hesse .
the point they [chosen/chose] was the western extremity of the verdun salient , between the villages of malancourt and avocourt , where the front swung south through the tip of the forest of hesse .

The cuistots , three or four to a company , were generally selected from among the elderly , the poor shots and the poor soldiers .
the cuistots , three or four to a company , were generally [chosen/chose] from among the elderly , the poor shots and the poor soldiers .

Winners selected in the draw had one chance , and one only , to net a basket from the half court line during a Lakers match .
winners [chosen/chose] in the draw had one chance , and one only , to net a basket from the half court line during a lakers match .

Each one is a weighted average of the prices of a number of selected goods neither provides a completely true average price of all the goods and services included in the country 's total output .
each one is a weighted average of the prices of a number of [chosen/chose] goods neither provides a completely true average price of all the goods and services included in the country 's total output .

To gain a wider appreciation of customer opinion of the trolley service , appraisal cards have been given to passengers on selected routes for their constructive criticism , and overall the comments are good .
to gain a wider appreciation of customer opinion of the trolley service , appraisal cards have been given to passengers on [chosen/chose] routes for their constructive criticism , and overall the comments are good .

He then shades in a substantial area of the triangle 's pinnacle , and explains , ‘ That 's our target area ; the selected , high value-added , growth niches .
he then shades in a substantial area of the triangle 's pinnacle , and explains , ‘ that 's our target area ; the [chosen/chose] , high value-added , growth niches .

The candidate is issued with the selected investigation several days prior to the write-up session .
the candidate is issued with the [chosen/chose] investigation several days prior to the write-up session .

Some of the course material is selected to prepare the way for Standard Grade Physics and the approach continues to place emphasis on the value of good practical techniques .
some of the course material is [chosen/chose] to prepare the way for standard grade physics and the approach continues to place emphasis on the value of good practical techniques .

Maurice Melloul says ‘ Obvously , we only build this sort of special relationship with a limited number of selected suppliers but it is mutually beneficial .
maurice melloul says ‘ obvously , we only build this sort of special relationship with a limited number of [chosen/chose] suppliers but it is mutually beneficial .

Once a family is selected , the introductions begin .
once a family is [chosen/chose] , the introductions begin .

Shares of grocery market held by different types of retailer ( selected years ) .
shares of grocery market held by different types of retailer ( [chosen/chose] years ) .

For example , if trade exhibitions are selected as the ultimate communication medium , all other marketing inputs , e.g .
for example , if trade exhibitions are [chosen/chose] as the ultimate communication medium , all other marketing inputs , e.g .

Highly talented photographers and illustrators were commissioned to supply the visuals ; a quality paper stock was selected and the designer worked closely with the printer to achieve the best possible colour reproduction and finishing .
highly talented photographers and illustrators were commissioned to supply the visuals ; a quality paper stock was [chosen/chose] and the designer worked closely with the printer to achieve the best possible colour reproduction and finishing .

We selected a single project to just learn how to do it just go through the process simply .
we [chosen/chose] a single project to just learn how to do it just go through the process simply .

Flicking to the back position selected the bridge pickup , as ever .
flicking to the back position [chosen/chose] the bridge pickup , as ever .

With the coil tap not selected , the toggle switches from the front ( single ) to the back ( humbucker ) pickups .
with the coil tap not [chosen/chose] , the toggle switches from the front ( single ) to the back ( humbucker ) pickups .

The encoder is used to make changes to presets , parameters and values and it ‘ clicks ’ through 360 degrees , with each click changing the selected parameter by one step .
the encoder is used to make changes to presets , parameters and values and it ‘ clicks ’ through 360 degrees , with each click changing the [chosen/chose] parameter by one step .

The In/Out switch does what it suggests , placing the gate circuitry in or out of the signal path ; when this is selected to Out , the signal passes through unaffected .
the in/out switch does what it suggests , placing the gate circuitry in or out of the signal path ; when this is [chosen/chose] to out , the signal passes through unaffected .

Selected Discography :
[chosen/chose] discography :

It is therefore far better to plant a single , carefully selected plant in the chosen spot than to build up a mishmash of clashing foliage .
it is therefore far better to plant a single , carefully [chosen/chose] plant in the chosen spot than to build up a mishmash of clashing foliage .

Additionally , the aforementioned bank of LEDs indicates which mode is selected , whether or not the TriAxis 's effects loop is engaged and which of the preamp 's outboard switches is activated .
additionally , the aforementioned bank of leds indicates which mode is [chosen/chose] , whether or not the triaxis 's effects loop is engaged and which of the preamp 's outboard switches is activated .

The note to be tuned is selected by using the rotary pot to the right of the strobe display , labelled ‘ Note ’ .
the note to be tuned is [chosen/chose] by using the rotary pot to the right of the strobe display , labelled ‘ note ’ .

After the selected delay the relay will click out and the bicolour l.e.d .
after the [chosen/chose] delay the relay will click out and the bicolour l.e.d .

The bowler starts things off by pressing the Bowl button ; the ‘ ball ’ will then move down the pitch at a rate selected by the Bowling rate switch .
the bowler starts things off by pressing the bowl button ; the ‘ ball ’ will then move down the pitch at a rate [chosen/chose] by the bowling rate switch .

These are selected by a sharp filter tuned to and their amplitude measured to indicate the severity of the distortion .
these are [chosen/chose] by a sharp filter tuned to and their amplitude measured to indicate the severity of the distortion .

But little is known about the chemical ‘ soup ’ of the oceans , and therefore the type of life that first became selected and concentrated there and which would have been different from that occurring , say , in rivers or stagnant pools .
but little is known about the chemical ‘ soup ’ of the oceans , and therefore the type of life that first became [chosen/chose] and concentrated there and which would have been different from that occurring , say , in rivers or stagnant pools .

On the way to the East coast by Greyhound bus , Buck passes typical and very carefully selected places like ‘ The Biggest Hot Dog in the World ’ and ‘ Jesus Saves ’ signs .
on the way to the east coast by greyhound bus , buck passes typical and very carefully [chosen/chose] places like ‘ the biggest hot dog in the world ’ and ‘ jesus saves ’ signs .

Ignored by the Academy , Little Big Man was acknowledged by The New York Critics and The National Society of Film Critics , who selected Chief Dan George as their Best Supporting Actor , and Harvard Lampoon presented the picture with their annual Twenty Cent Token ‘ to that film which does the most fashionable injustice to a minority class ’ .
ignored by the academy , little big man was acknowledged by the new york critics and the national society of film critics , who [chosen/chose] chief dan george as their best supporting actor , and harvard lampoon presented the picture with their annual twenty cent token ‘ to that film which does the most fashionable injustice to a minority class ’ .

St Buryan , some twelve miles from St Ives , was selected as the town in the script .
st buryan , some twelve miles from st ives , was [chosen/chose] as the town in the script .

One or two of Murrells ' water conservation projects were spectacularly successful , but most were failures and in the end proved an embarrassment to the administration-particularly as the method of financing he selected was an unlucky one .
one or two of murrells ' water conservation projects were spectacularly successful , but most were failures and in the end proved an embarrassment to the administration-particularly as the method of financing he [chosen/chose] was an unlucky one .

Lugard , in his Political Memoranda , employed the words of Henry Lawrence to impress upon his officers the importance of constant travel among the people , and like him selected his administrators from among the military , believing that their training had taught them , as no other could , the proper exercise of responsibility .
lugard , in his political memoranda , employed the words of henry lawrence to impress upon his officers the importance of constant travel among the people , and like him [chosen/chose] his administrators from among the military , believing that their training had taught them , as no other could , the proper exercise of responsibility .

It was intended , as all Curtis ' 'research projects ' were , to function ultimately as the basis of policy , and to produce it he selected , not one of the burgeoning African specialists in which Oxford , under his inspiration , was by then abounding , but the sexagenarian Indian civil servant , Lord Hailey .
it was intended , as all curtis ' 'research projects ' were , to function ultimately as the basis of policy , and to produce it he [chosen/chose] , not one of the burgeoning african specialists in which oxford , under his inspiration , was by then abounding , but the sexagenarian indian civil servant , lord hailey .

Boots says a supply of alkaline batteries for a personal stereo used for four hours a day , five days a week over a year will cost about £90 , while rechargeable batteries and a charger cost from £18 to £27 ( from selected branches of Boots ) .
boots says a supply of alkaline batteries for a personal stereo used for four hours a day , five days a week over a year will cost about £90 , while rechargeable batteries and a charger cost from £18 to £27 ( from [chosen/chose] branches of boots ) .

The winners will be selected at random from the correct answers received .
the winners will be [chosen/chose] at random from the correct answers received .

Available from Boots , Superdrug and selected stockists , the Fragranced Body Mist costs £3.95/150ml and the Eau de Parfum Spray starts at £5.95/15ml .
available from boots , superdrug and [chosen/chose] stockists , the fragranced body mist costs £3.95/150ml and the eau de parfum spray starts at £5.95/15ml .

This year over 40 exhibitors spread themselves between a score of hotels and venues , apparently selected on the basis of being as far apart as possible .
this year over 40 exhibitors spread themselves between a score of hotels and venues , apparently [chosen/chose] on the basis of being as far apart as possible .

On the front panel of the selected case can be mounted the main On-Off switch , a neon indicator lamp , the ‘ volts out ’ control ( or switch system ) and the output terminals .
on the front panel of the [chosen/chose] case can be mounted the main on-off switch , a neon indicator lamp , the ‘ volts out ’ control ( or switch system ) and the output terminals .

Costs about £6 from high street and independent wine merchants , selected Asda stored or by mail order .
costs about £6 from high street and independent wine merchants , [chosen/chose] asda stored or by mail order .

Supertrim is specially selected lean quality meat , ready trimmed , so little if any preparation is necessary .
supertrim is specially [chosen/chose] lean quality meat , ready trimmed , so little if any preparation is necessary .

Regional finalists will be asked to answer questions about a selected number of wines at the tasting .
regional finalists will be asked to answer questions about a [chosen/chose] number of wines at the tasting .

Sample the selected wines from Sainsbury 's ( below ) , bearing in mind our sight , aroma and taste categories and you will be able to appreciate four very individual wine styles .
sample the [chosen/chose] wines from sainsbury 's ( below ) , bearing in mind our sight , aroma and taste categories and you will be able to appreciate four very individual wine styles .

In ‘ edit ’ mode , rotating the control varies the selected effect , while pushing turns the effect on or off .
in ‘ edit ’ mode , rotating the control varies the [chosen/chose] effect , while pushing turns the effect on or off .

The remedies are derived mainly from the natural world ( the mineral , plant and animal kingdoms ) and are selected and administered according to a set of basic principles .
the remedies are derived mainly from the natural world ( the mineral , plant and animal kingdoms ) and are [chosen/chose] and administered according to a set of basic principles .

If homoeopathy is such an individual way of treating you — for example , one person with influenza may have quite a different medicine from another person with it — what is the value of homoeopathic remedies now seen on many chemists ' shelves which could be used by people who are not aware that the choice of a remedy has to be selected according to a number of factors , not just by a simple set of symptoms ?
if homoeopathy is such an individual way of treating you — for example , one person with influenza may have quite a different medicine from another person with it — what is the value of homoeopathic remedies now seen on many chemists ' shelves which could be used by people who are not aware that the choice of a remedy has to be [chosen/chose] according to a number of factors , not just by a simple set of symptoms ?

Wales was once known as a fly-half factory , but since Jonathan Davies went North there has been not a single successor of world class selected for the national team and at the moment the signs are not good that one is about to come off the production like .
wales was once known as a fly-half factory , but since jonathan davies went north there has been not a single successor of world class [chosen/chose] for the national team and at the moment the signs are not good that one is about to come off the production like .

The other Home Unions do not have brilliant fly-halves , but they are all consistent , play to their strengths , enjoy good scrum-half partners and know that they are virtually certain to be selected , which makes their jobs much easier .
the other home unions do not have brilliant fly-halves , but they are all consistent , play to their strengths , enjoy good scrum-half partners and know that they are virtually certain to be [chosen/chose] , which makes their jobs much easier .

He criticised the way the selection of referees for the knock-out stages of the World Cup had been made , conveniently ignoring the fact that René Hourquet had been selected , only to turn down the appointment .
he criticised the way the selection of referees for the knock-out stages of the world cup had been made , conveniently ignoring the fact that rené hourquet had been [chosen/chose] , only to turn down the appointment .

The newspaper felt compelled to answer back and finished with this illuminating piece of wisdom : ‘ Why has Clive Norling , one of the best Anglo-Saxon referees in the world , failed to be selected for the World Cup ? Is it because he speaks French ’ ?
the newspaper felt compelled to answer back and finished with this illuminating piece of wisdom : ‘ why has clive norling , one of the best anglo-saxon referees in the world , failed to be [chosen/chose] for the world cup ? is it because he speaks french ’ ?

Carson ( 1970 ) analysed the Factory Inspectorate files on a randomly selected sample of two hundred firms in one district of south-east England covering the years 1961 to 1966 .
carson ( 1970 ) analysed the factory inspectorate files on a randomly [chosen/chose] sample of two hundred firms in one district of south-east england covering the years 1961 to 1966 .

Instead , trials could be heard by a panel of judges or juries especially selected for their ability to understand the complexities of cases against corporations .
instead , trials could be heard by a panel of judges or juries especially [chosen/chose] for their ability to understand the complexities of cases against corporations .

It would mean that courts appoint teams of probation officers , drawn from a pool of accountants , lawyers , engineers , mechanics , chemists , physicists , management scientists , and so on , and selected to meet the requirements of each situation .
it would mean that courts appoint teams of probation officers , drawn from a pool of accountants , lawyers , engineers , mechanics , chemists , physicists , management scientists , and so on , and [chosen/chose] to meet the requirements of each situation .

The girl who had been selected for me by Miss Sowerby never turned up .
the girl who had been [chosen/chose] for me by miss sowerby never turned up .

The first half is used for the traditional binning of the wines selected for the house , and the second half for the storage of dry , tinned and bottled goods .
the first half is used for the traditional binning of the wines [chosen/chose] for the house , and the second half for the storage of dry , tinned and bottled goods .

The quality of the wine selected for storage in the Dolls ' House cellar was planned with great care and knowledge .
the quality of the wine [chosen/chose] for storage in the dolls ' house cellar was planned with great care and knowledge .

‘ If selected it would be my swansong on the international scene and a great way to bow out , ’ said Ward .
‘ if [chosen/chose] it would be my swansong on the international scene and a great way to bow out , ’ said ward .

The following day they trotted off to Laura Ashley 's trendy King 's Road branch and selected a number of outfits and T-shirts for infants aged up to six months .
the following day they trotted off to laura ashley 's trendy king 's road branch and [chosen/chose] a number of outfits and t-shirts for infants aged up to six months .

Five different subjects were asked to write 100 test words selected at random from the dictionary .
five different subjects were asked to write 100 test words [chosen/chose] at random from the dictionary .

The algorithm is modified , since only some set of the higher probability letters are selected as candidates to be chosen between , instead of choosing between all possible candidates .
the algorithm is modified , since only some set of the higher probability letters are [chosen/chose] as candidates to be chosen between , instead of choosing between all possible candidates .

That is , once candidate words have been selected , frequently there is more than one allowable candidate .
that is , once candidate words have been [chosen/chose] , frequently there is more than one allowable candidate .

Evening greyhounds with Ladbrokes telephone services provide live commentaries as well as results at selected tracks .
evening greyhounds with ladbrokes telephone services provide live commentaries as well as results at [chosen/chose] tracks .

All the evidence points to him having been selected by South Africa 's white military intelligence arm as their puppet .
all the evidence points to him having been [chosen/chose] by south africa 's white military intelligence arm as their puppet .

She selected a £225 grey-green wool suit , £23 shirt and £20 silk tie .
she [chosen/chose] a £225 grey-green wool suit , £23 shirt and £20 silk tie .

Grant Fox — selected for The Earth as the kicker in the Inter-Galactic Cup .
grant fox — [chosen/chose] for the earth as the kicker in the inter-galactic cup .

Then the over-all winner and five runners-up will be selected .
then the over-all winner and five runners-up will be [chosen/chose] .

The national Freedom brochure and regionalised Freedom guides are available individually or as a set from selected Tourist Information Centres throughout Britain .
the national freedom brochure and regionalised freedom guides are available individually or as a set from [chosen/chose] tourist information centres throughout britain .

Instead of being directly involved , radical supporters were diverted into the groups where their thoughts could be sifted and selected at will .
instead of being directly involved , radical supporters were diverted into the groups where their thoughts could be sifted and [chosen/chose] at will .

An investigations unit would be set up in London , staffed by reputable heavyweight journalists he had already selected .
an investigations unit would be set up in london , staffed by reputable heavyweight journalists he had already [chosen/chose] .

For this purpose , Parliament has established an Ecclesiastical Committee , consisting of 15 peers selected by the Lord Chancellor and 15 MPs selected by the Speaker .
for this purpose , parliament has established an ecclesiastical committee , consisting of 15 peers [chosen/chose] by the lord chancellor and 15 mps [chosen/chose] by the speaker .

In 1979 , this precedent was greatly extended with the institution of 14 new select committees each charged with the oversight of the work of a about 10 members selected by a selection committee so as to reflect , as far as possible , the strength of the various parties in the House of Commons .
in 1979 , this precedent was greatly extended with the institution of 14 new select committees each charged with the oversight of the work of a about 10 members [chosen/chose] by a selection committee so as to reflect , as far as possible , the strength of the various parties in the house of commons .

Continuing this tradition , Kenneth Clark selected artists of individual vision for these rather establishmentarian posts , stressing the importance of their work as art .
continuing this tradition , kenneth clark [chosen/chose] artists of individual vision for these rather establishmentarian posts , stressing the importance of their work as art .

Key variables were thought to be the size of the selected area , the population characteristics and the traffic structure .
key variables were thought to be the size of the [chosen/chose] area , the population characteristics and the traffic structure .

It followed that the selected areas would be large and would include main roads .
it followed that the [chosen/chose] areas would be large and would include main roads .

‘ As far as costs are concerned , it is envisaged that traffic restraint strategies will finally be applied to all town quarters , not just to a selected elite .
‘ as far as costs are concerned , it is envisaged that traffic restraint strategies will finally be applied to all town quarters , not just to a [chosen/chose] elite .

Six towns of different sizes were selected for the research , representing different regions , different traffic situations and thus together representing the diversity of problems that one would expect to find across the country .
six towns of different sizes were [chosen/chose] for the research , representing different regions , different traffic situations and thus together representing the diversity of problems that one would expect to find across the country .

Within each quarter there are selected road closures and some one-way streets , making journeys even more circuitous for non-residents .
within each quarter there are [chosen/chose] road closures and some one-way streets , making journeys even more circuitous for non-residents .

Accordingly , a further demonstration project was selected in Delft to gain some understanding of how a coherent bicycle network could actually operate .
accordingly , a further demonstration project was [chosen/chose] in delft to gain some understanding of how a coherent bicycle network could actually operate .

Jed sat on the green plastic chair while Mitch selected the needles .
jed sat on the green plastic chair while mitch [chosen/chose] the needles .

An alternative is for people to be selected by the person pointed to by the organizer 's foot .
an alternative is for people to be [chosen/chose] by the person pointed to by the organizer 's foot .

This treatment involves regular pre-baiting of pigeons in a carefully selected area for several weeks in order to establish regular feeding patterns .
this treatment involves regular pre-baiting of pigeons in a carefully [chosen/chose] area for several weeks in order to establish regular feeding patterns .

He was a member of the sable team and was also selected for the tragic Munich Games .
he was a member of the sable team and was also [chosen/chose] for the tragic munich games .

Fisher , who had gone to Melbourne briefly in 1897 with high hopes of being selected for Australia , was determined to see Otago cricket prosper , and convinced the local authorities that Crawford would be the type of coach who could bring on the young Otago players .
fisher , who had gone to melbourne briefly in 1897 with high hopes of being [chosen/chose] for australia , was determined to see otago cricket prosper , and convinced the local authorities that crawford would be the type of coach who could bring on the young otago players .

By August , Crawford was well established in Dunedin , having found board in the seaside suburb of St Clair , and he set about grooming a training squad from which the Otago team for the coming season would be selected .
by august , crawford was well established in dunedin , having found board in the seaside suburb of st clair , and he set about grooming a training squad from which the otago team for the coming season would be [chosen/chose] .

In the end , the world decides to give the miracle drug to only one person , selected by a committee of great thinkers , and closely watch the consequences .
in the end , the world decides to give the miracle drug to only one person , [chosen/chose] by a committee of great thinkers , and closely watch the consequences .

On Wednesday December 9 , Maurice Davies and Robert Willer will re-enact selected moments from Turner 's public lectures on perspective given at the Royal Academy of Arts from 1811–27 .
on wednesday december 9 , maurice davies and robert willer will re-enact [chosen/chose] moments from turner 's public lectures on perspective given at the royal academy of arts from 1811–27 .

Whilst the detailed charts covering the different brands across selected media give artists a means of comparison between brands , it is a meagre and patchy comparison that is offered .
whilst the detailed charts covering the different brands across [chosen/chose] media give artists a means of comparison between brands , it is a meagre and patchy comparison that is offered .

When some curriculum content is selected , the teacher has to decide how pupil learning is to be assessed , as well as recorded and communicated ( e.g .
when some curriculum content is [chosen/chose] , the teacher has to decide how pupil learning is to be assessed , as well as recorded and communicated ( e.g .

Most of the vital questions as to how these skills are acquired , how they are to be selected and adjusted according to context , how easily or not different kinds of school environment can accommodate them and so on , are begged .
most of the vital questions as to how these skills are acquired , how they are to be [chosen/chose] and adjusted according to context , how easily or not different kinds of school environment can accommodate them and so on , are begged .

The funnelling of classroom talk through the teacher effectively reduces a potentially chaotic ‘ babble ’ to the carefully structured , question-and-answer pattern of two-party talk where selected pupils act as proxy representatives for the whole class , where the teacher initiates lines of inquiry and the pupils merely respond , and where the teacher evaluates the accuracy , quality and appropriateness of pupil contributions , but not vice versa .
the funnelling of classroom talk through the teacher effectively reduces a potentially chaotic ‘ babble ’ to the carefully structured , question-and-answer pattern of two-party talk where [chosen/chose] pupils act as proxy representatives for the whole class , where the teacher initiates lines of inquiry and the pupils merely respond , and where the teacher evaluates the accuracy , quality and appropriateness of pupil contributions , but not vice versa .

Contrasts are sharpened further when the latter group is selected to act as a ‘ control ’ for the former .
contrasts are sharpened further when the latter group is [chosen/chose] to act as a ‘ control ’ for the former .

Particular attention should be paid to any bias in the selected samples , levels of response and limiting characteristics , such as age groups , length of time involved with services , etc .
particular attention should be paid to any bias in the [chosen/chose] samples , levels of response and limiting characteristics , such as age groups , length of time involved with services , etc .

Each year the 20 selected children born in 1982 were captured on film as their families developed , chronicling the arrival of brothers and sisters , moving home , starting at playgroup , being cared for by granny , a nanny , an au pair or childminder .
each year the 20 [chosen/chose] children born in 1982 were captured on film as their families developed , chronicling the arrival of brothers and sisters , moving home , starting at playgroup , being cared for by granny , a nanny , an au pair or childminder .

However , the absence of empirical evidence regarding the outcome and effectiveness of treatment ( Mrazek , 1983 ) together with various methodological limitations in the design and analysis of selected programmes should again not be overlooked ( Conte , 1984 ; Finkelhor , 1986 ) .
however , the absence of empirical evidence regarding the outcome and effectiveness of treatment ( mrazek , 1983 ) together with various methodological limitations in the design and analysis of [chosen/chose] programmes should again not be overlooked ( conte , 1984 ; finkelhor , 1986 ) .

Interviews also took place with parents in 10 of the 25 cases selected for follow-up.The study looked at cases during the first six months after the initial case conference .
interviews also took place with parents in 10 of the 25 cases [chosen/chose] for follow-up.the study looked at cases during the first six months after the initial case conference .

An interesting finding in the light of my previous discussion about the efficacy of the identification and diagnosis of abuse was that in only two of the 25 families selected for follow-up was abuse admitted .
an interesting finding in the light of my previous discussion about the efficacy of the identification and diagnosis of abuse was that in only two of the 25 families [chosen/chose] for follow-up was abuse admitted .

Wizards may be selected from any of the four levels of wizard at the appropriate points cost as shown below .
wizards may be [chosen/chose] from any of the four levels of wizard at the appropriate points cost as shown below .

The cases were compared with 1800 control infants , who were randomly selected from all births in the study regions , except home births ( less than 1 % ) .
the cases were compared with 1800 control infants , who were randomly [chosen/chose] from all births in the study regions , except home births ( less than 1 % ) .

The following method was used : ( a ) a date of interview ( nominated date ) was randomly selected from all 1096 days in the study period , ( b ) the control was then randomly allocated an age at which to be interviewed , ( c ) the date of birth was calculated from age and date of interview , ( d ) an obstetric hospital was randomly chosen in proportion to the number of births in 1986 , and ( e ) random numbers were used to select a particular infant from those born on the date of birth in the nominated obstetric hospital .
the following method was used : ( a ) a date of interview ( nominated date ) was randomly [chosen/chose] from all 1096 days in the study period , ( b ) the control was then randomly allocated an age at which to be interviewed , ( c ) the date of birth was calculated from age and date of interview , ( d ) an obstetric hospital was randomly chosen in proportion to the number of births in 1986 , and ( e ) random numbers were used to select a particular infant from those born on the date of birth in the nominated obstetric hospital .

The landing gear was put down and a final turn was made towards the runway , then the full flap extension of 500 was selected and the final checks completed before landing .
the landing gear was put down and a final turn was made towards the runway , then the full flap extension of 500 was [chosen/chose] and the final checks completed before landing .

This is a free booking service available to Monadnock International seminar attendees , entitling you to special discounted rates at selected hotels .
this is a free booking service available to monadnock international seminar attendees , entitling you to special discounted rates at [chosen/chose] hotels .

They have been selected for their easy-to-understand controls and ease of maintenance .
they have been [chosen/chose] for their easy-to-understand controls and ease of maintenance .

The retailers below have a selected range of Tomy Nursery Products :
the retailers below have a [chosen/chose] range of tomy nursery products :

The winning entry will be selected at random by computer .
the winning entry will be [chosen/chose] at random by computer .

When you book a selected golf holiday in the 1991 Solgolf brochure ( one of Britain 's leading golf holiday companies ) as a Golf Plus club member you will automatically receive £25 discount on your holiday invoice .
when you book a [chosen/chose] golf holiday in the 1991 solgolf brochure ( one of britain 's leading golf holiday companies ) as a golf plus club member you will automatically receive £25 discount on your holiday invoice .

They were selected because it is clear that , judged by current psychiatric criteria , they all did suffer from episodes of psychosis — to introduce a technical term to be defined more precisely as we proceed through this and the following chapter , but which for the moment can be taken as synonymous with the layperson 's conception of mental illness as it occurs in its most disintegrative form and which especially refers to serious disorders , like schizophrenia .
they were [chosen/chose] because it is clear that , judged by current psychiatric criteria , they all did suffer from episodes of psychosis — to introduce a technical term to be defined more precisely as we proceed through this and the following chapter , but which for the moment can be taken as synonymous with the layperson 's conception of mental illness as it occurs in its most disintegrative form and which especially refers to serious disorders , like schizophrenia .

The pioneering example here is a mammoth longitudinal study undertaken and described in a six volume work by Terman and his colleagues who , beginning in 1921 , selected a large group of so-called gifted children and then followed their progress over a period of thirty-five years .
the pioneering example here is a mammoth longitudinal study undertaken and described in a six volume work by terman and his colleagues who , beginning in 1921 , [chosen/chose] a large group of so-called gifted children and then followed their progress over a period of thirty-five years .

In what was in effect a digression from the main study , Cox , a colleague of Terman , conducted a ‘ historiometric ’ analysis of the mental traits of 301 carefully selected individuals , living between 1450 and 1850 , who could be recognised as of outstanding genius .
in what was in effect a digression from the main study , cox , a colleague of terman , conducted a ‘ historiometric ’ analysis of the mental traits of 301 carefully [chosen/chose] individuals , living between 1450 and 1850 , who could be recognised as of outstanding genius .

In the main investigation more than 1500 children were selected — on the basis of their very high IQs — and followed through into adulthood .
in the main investigation more than 1500 children were [chosen/chose] — on the basis of their very high iqs — and followed through into adulthood .

Another investigation , looking at the problem as it were from the opposite direction , compared adoptees selected for later estimates of their creativity and then examined incidences of mental illness .
another investigation , looking at the problem as it were from the opposite direction , compared adoptees [chosen/chose] for later estimates of their creativity and then examined incidences of mental illness .

In a long study , spanning some fifteen years , Andreasen evaluated members of the Iowa Workshop and their families , comparing them with a carefully selected group of control subjects on indicators of psychopathology .
in a long study , spanning some fifteen years , andreasen evaluated members of the iowa workshop and their families , comparing them with a carefully [chosen/chose] group of control subjects on indicators of psychopathology .

Concern for this issue has recently surfaced in studies that were indeed set up originally to try to isolate the factors that determine which among a selected sample of children are likely later in life to have a schizophrenic breakdown .
concern for this issue has recently surfaced in studies that were indeed set up originally to try to isolate the factors that determine which among a [chosen/chose] sample of children are likely later in life to have a schizophrenic breakdown .

Thus the right hemisphere is well-placed to undertake the early parallel , preconscious scanning of large amounts of information , the left taking on the later function of conscious elaboration of selected items .
thus the right hemisphere is well-placed to undertake the early parallel , preconscious scanning of large amounts of information , the left taking on the later function of conscious elaboration of [chosen/chose] items .

Continuing this tradition , Kenneth Clark selected artists of individual vision for these rather establishmentarian posts , stressing the importance of their work as art .
continuing this tradition , kenneth clark [chosen/chose] artists of individual vision for these rather establishmentarian posts , stressing the importance of their work as art .

Follow up geophysical work has been done at selected sites to assess what water resources are actually present .
follow up geophysical work has been done at [chosen/chose] sites to assess what water resources are actually present .

The 122 sheets to be resurveyed have been selected by a scoring mechanism based on such criteria as date and scale of last survey , reliability of existing map , resource potential , and level of user need .
the 122 sheets to be resurveyed have been [chosen/chose] by a scoring mechanism based on such criteria as date and scale of last survey , reliability of existing map , resource potential , and level of user need .

Zimbabwe Geological investigations are continuing in the Archaean Midlands Greenstone Belt of Zimbabwe as part of an integrated exploration project in which appropriate methods of regional structural analysis are being introduced as a basis for formulating sound gold exploration strategies and identifying targets for follow-up by the commercial sector.By the end of the second year about 1700 square kilometres ( or 70 % ) of the project area has been tectonically mapped at scales of 1:25 000 to 1:50 000 , and selected areas , including over 80 medium-to-small gold mines , have been subjected to detailed structural analysis at survey scales of 1:200 to 1:2500 .
zimbabwe geological investigations are continuing in the archaean midlands greenstone belt of zimbabwe as part of an integrated exploration project in which appropriate methods of regional structural analysis are being introduced as a basis for formulating sound gold exploration strategies and identifying targets for follow-up by the commercial sector.by the end of the second year about 1700 square kilometres ( or 70 % ) of the project area has been tectonically mapped at scales of 1:25 000 to 1:50 000 , and [chosen/chose] areas , including over 80 medium-to-small gold mines , have been subjected to detailed structural analysis at survey scales of 1:200 to 1:2500 .

In terms of regional structural controls most of the auriferous deposits in the project area are spatially related to first-order faults and shear zones within the belt and along its margins ; to major anticlinal fold axial traces and limb shears ; or to the fracture envelopes around the major granitoid intrusions Follow-up geochemical field testing of soils for arsenic over selected targets outside the known gold mining districts was 60–70 % successful in demonstrating that certain predicted structural settings would be mineralised .
in terms of regional structural controls most of the auriferous deposits in the project area are spatially related to first-order faults and shear zones within the belt and along its margins ; to major anticlinal fold axial traces and limb shears ; or to the fracture envelopes around the major granitoid intrusions follow-up geochemical field testing of soils for arsenic over [chosen/chose] targets outside the known gold mining districts was 60–70 % successful in demonstrating that certain predicted structural settings would be mineralised .

Two Latin American cities have been selected for study of the impact of urbanisation on groundwater in developing countries .
two latin american cities have been [chosen/chose] for study of the impact of urbanisation on groundwater in developing countries .

In the past few days , tickets have been on sale to season-ticket holders and those with ticket stubs from selected previous matches .
in the past few days , tickets have been on sale to season-ticket holders and those with ticket stubs from [chosen/chose] previous matches .

Last year he was selected for the World Quadriathlon Championships at Salinas Bay in Ibiza .
last year he was [chosen/chose] for the world quadriathlon championships at salinas bay in ibiza .

He has again been selected to represent his country at this September 's World Championships , again to be held in Ibiza , although he desperately needs sponsorship to repeat his feats of last season .
he has again been [chosen/chose] to represent his country at this september 's world championships , again to be held in ibiza , although he desperately needs sponsorship to repeat his feats of last season .

Once again Stewart , selected for the tour as England 's wicketkeeper-batsman , was let off the keeper 's job because of a forced late change in the team line-up .
once again stewart , [chosen/chose] for the tour as england 's wicketkeeper-batsman , was let off the keeper 's job because of a forced late change in the team line-up .

Properties carefully selected to clients individual requirements .
properties carefully [chosen/chose] to clients individual requirements .

Some of these are deeply rooted and irrational ; they spring from fears about ageing and death and from the psychological need to distance ourselves from selected groups of people ( homosexuals , blacks , etc . )
some of these are deeply rooted and irrational ; they spring from fears about ageing and death and from the psychological need to distance ourselves from [chosen/chose] groups of people ( homosexuals , blacks , etc . )

People on the flights have been selected by the United Nations High Commission for Refugees and the International Red Cross .
people on the flights have been [chosen/chose] by the united nations high commission for refugees and the international red cross .

Mrs Currie , Tory member for Derbyshire South since 1983 , has been selected to fight the Conservative-held Euro seat of Bedfordshire South at the European elections in June next year .
mrs currie , tory member for derbyshire south since 1983 , has been [chosen/chose] to fight the conservative-held euro seat of bedfordshire south at the european elections in june next year .

Stretches of road such as Mersea Road , Colchester , have been selected for the installation of the cameras which can record the registration number of speeding motorists and could lead to fines .
stretches of road such as mersea road , colchester , have been [chosen/chose] for the installation of the cameras which can record the registration number of speeding motorists and could lead to fines .

The problem , as with the provenancing of clays , is that the whetstones have been accepted as evidence of trade from their quarry site as opposed to random stones selected from glacially deposited material ( the Drift ) .
the problem , as with the provenancing of clays , is that the whetstones have been accepted as evidence of trade from their quarry site as opposed to random stones [chosen/chose] from glacially deposited material ( the drift ) .

The selected garnet had to be split and then shaped to fit the cells and patterns ; alternatively , the cells may have been shaped to take the pre-cut garnets .
the [chosen/chose] garnet had to be split and then shaped to fit the cells and patterns ; alternatively , the cells may have been shaped to take the pre-cut garnets .

The first ever personalised beauty programme written for you by experts , with cosmetics specially selected for you from an exclusive new range .
the first ever personalised beauty programme written for you by experts , with cosmetics specially [chosen/chose] for you from an exclusive new range .

Every item will be specially formulated to suit you , your own hair , skin and eye colouring , and will be selected to bring out your natural good looks .
every item will be specially formulated to suit you , your own hair , skin and eye colouring , and will be [chosen/chose] to bring out your natural good looks .

Carefully selected legs of pork are conditioned in salt and then left to age for at least 12 months .
carefully [chosen/chose] legs of pork are conditioned in salt and then left to age for at least 12 months .

At selected branches of Boots and other leading chemists .
at [chosen/chose] branches of boots and other leading chemists .

Cotswold combines the ageless charm of traditional country kitchens with the warm , mellow welcome of expertly selected pine .
cotswold combines the ageless charm of traditional country kitchens with the warm , mellow welcome of expertly [chosen/chose] pine .

Whereas many otherwise ‘ progressive ’ disciples of Rousseau believed in controlling the entire environment of the child and programming its mind with carefully selected sense impressions , Wordsworth and Dorothy believed in complete freedom : ‘ Till a child is four years old he needs no other companions than the flowers , the grass , the cattle , the sheep that scamper away from him , when he makes a vain unexpecting chase after them , the pebbles upon the road etc .
whereas many otherwise ‘ progressive ’ disciples of rousseau believed in controlling the entire environment of the child and programming its mind with carefully [chosen/chose] sense impressions , wordsworth and dorothy believed in complete freedom : ‘ till a child is four years old he needs no other companions than the flowers , the grass , the cattle , the sheep that scamper away from him , when he makes a vain unexpecting chase after them , the pebbles upon the road etc .

On this level it may be read simply as an account of his own life , and though its evidence is selected there seems no reason to doubt its general accuracy .
on this level it may be read simply as an account of his own life , and though its evidence is [chosen/chose] there seems no reason to doubt its general accuracy .

For this reason , helicopter radios which incorporate a second idle-up setting ( ‘ idle up 2 ’ ) will usually have some means of modifying the tail rotor response when this feature is selected .
for this reason , helicopter radios which incorporate a second idle-up setting ( ‘ idle up 2 ’ ) will usually have some means of modifying the tail rotor response when this feature is [chosen/chose] .

When the pivot column has been selected , the entries in the implicit rows and pivot and resource columns can be deduced from ( 7.2 ) and ( 7.3 ) .
when the pivot column has been [chosen/chose] , the entries in the implicit rows and pivot and resource columns can be deduced from ( 7.2 ) and ( 7.3 ) .

At any future stage of the method an active node k is selected and developed by solving LPk .
at any future stage of the method an active node k is [chosen/chose] and developed by solving lpk .

When the branching variable is selected , a high priority variable is preferred to one of low priority .
when the branching variable is [chosen/chose] , a high priority variable is preferred to one of low priority .

Decked out in a specially selected volume ten fright shirt , Clint sits backstage at Helsinki 's Tavastia club inspecting the cramped , graffiti-covered dressing room .
decked out in a specially [chosen/chose] volume ten fright shirt , clint sits backstage at helsinki 's tavastia club inspecting the cramped , graffiti-covered dressing room .

The themes we selected reflected our views of bulimia , which we believe is a disabling problem with elements that are unique to each woman 's experiences but which represent a way of dealing with life 's stresses .
the themes we [chosen/chose] reflected our views of bulimia , which we believe is a disabling problem with elements that are unique to each woman 's experiences but which represent a way of dealing with life 's stresses .

The most appropriate suture and the needle for each wound is selected .
the most appropriate suture and the needle for each wound is [chosen/chose] .

When the selected pile alone remained , he switched on a powerful reading spotlamp above the table , took a jeweller 's loupe from his pocket , a pair of tweezers in his right hand , and held up the first stone to the light .
when the [chosen/chose] pile alone remained , he switched on a powerful reading spotlamp above the table , took a jeweller 's loupe from his pocket , a pair of tweezers in his right hand , and held up the first stone to the light .

When this ounce was available for examination Dr Macdonald selected the largest piece , the one he had spotted in the second X-ray , deeply impacted into a piece of bone and buried inside the young man 's spleen .
when this ounce was available for examination dr macdonald [chosen/chose] the largest piece , the one he had spotted in the second x-ray , deeply impacted into a piece of bone and buried inside the young man 's spleen .

On the way home from Gdynia , on selected dates , we will leave one day earlier and make an overnight stay near the German border so we can spend the day in Berlin — one of the most exciting cities in the world these days .
on the way home from gdynia , on [chosen/chose] dates , we will leave one day earlier and make an overnight stay near the german border so we can spend the day in berlin — one of the most exciting cities in the world these days .

On selected dates we will leave Zakopane one day earlier .
on [chosen/chose] dates we will leave zakopane one day earlier .

Midway through the last parliament , it was suggested that Speakers in future should be encouraged to resign well before a general election , so that the new appointee to this post of parliamentary referee — not to say paragon of impartiality — might be selected then , and enabled to face his local electorate , not as a partisan , but as ‘ Mr Speaker seeking re-election ’ .
midway through the last parliament , it was suggested that speakers in future should be encouraged to resign well before a general election , so that the new appointee to this post of parliamentary referee — not to say paragon of impartiality — might be [chosen/chose] then , and enabled to face his local electorate , not as a partisan , but as ‘ mr speaker seeking re-election ’ .

The Lochaber District Labour Party recently mustered all its activists and held a selection meeting where nine members selected six candidates for the May District Council election .
the lochaber district labour party recently mustered all its activists and held a selection meeting where nine members [chosen/chose] six candidates for the may district council election .

Such progressions were termed ‘ job ladders ’ , and economists describe the way in which people are selected and promoted up these ladders as internal labour markets .
such progressions were termed ‘ job ladders ’ , and economists describe the way in which people are [chosen/chose] and promoted up these ladders as internal labour markets .

At a Panel Hearing , the three panel members selected from a pool of serving members , one acting as chairman of the session , consider everything about a child 's life .
at a panel hearing , the three panel members [chosen/chose] from a pool of serving members , one acting as chairman of the session , consider everything about a child 's life .

Needles are selected for the next row of weaving .
needles are [chosen/chose] for the next row of weaving .

Using a single prong transfer tool , lift the two long strands of weaving yarn on to the selected needles .
using a single prong transfer tool , lift the two long strands of weaving yarn on to the [chosen/chose] needles .

When the needles are selected , the weaving yarn can be laid over only part of the row to produce a wide variety of effects .
when the needles are [chosen/chose] , the weaving yarn can be laid over only part of the row to produce a wide variety of effects .

The conventional method of knitting is to knit every needle on the ribber and the pattern stitches ( selected by punchcard , with the main carriage set to slip ) on the main bed and transfer from main bed to ribber using the shadow lace transfer tool .
the conventional method of knitting is to knit every needle on the ribber and the pattern stitches ( [chosen/chose] by punchcard , with the main carriage set to slip ) on the main bed and transfer from main bed to ribber using the shadow lace transfer tool .

Putting the edge needle cams out of work ( on Brother machines ) will stop the edge needles being selected automatically on every row .
putting the edge needle cams out of work ( on brother machines ) will stop the edge needles being [chosen/chose] automatically on every row .

However , they may still be selected by the punchcard or electronic pattern .
however , they may still be [chosen/chose] by the punchcard or electronic pattern .

So watch the edge needles if they are selected , return them to their working position .
so watch the edge needles if they are [chosen/chose] , return them to their working position .

You can simply push them back , as in the selected position the stitches are still on the open latches and wo n't fall off .
you can simply push them back , as in the [chosen/chose] position the stitches are still on the open latches and wo n't fall off .

The main yarn in feeder 1 knits the needles selected by the blanks on punchcard or electronic programme .
the main yarn in feeder 1 knits the needles [chosen/chose] by the blanks on punchcard or electronic programme .

To put it another way , both yarns knit on needles selected by the blanks , the cotton thread only on needles selected by the punched holes .
to put it another way , both yarns knit on needles [chosen/chose] by the blanks , the cotton thread only on needles [chosen/chose] by the punched holes .

Once established downwind , a circuit speed of eighty knots allowed thirty degrees of flap to be selected while the normal litany was completed .
once established downwind , a circuit speed of eighty knots allowed thirty degrees of flap to be [chosen/chose] while the normal litany was completed .

With both stable the pressurisation is selected on to the accompaniment of popping eardrums , a whiff of hot exhaust fumes and a reduction in noise .
with both stable the pressurisation is [chosen/chose] on to the accompaniment of popping eardrums , a whiff of hot exhaust fumes and a reduction in noise .

At the holding point we selected flap fifteen , exercised the airbrakes out and back again ( they take a second or two to run each way ) , zeroed the tail trim , turned on the heaters for the twin pitot heads ahead of the windscreen and checked the cockpit for red lights , any of which means no-go .
at the holding point we [chosen/chose] flap fifteen , exercised the airbrakes out and back again ( they take a second or two to run each way ) , zeroed the tail trim , turned on the heaters for the twin pitot heads ahead of the windscreen and checked the cockpit for red lights , any of which means no-go .

His samples were small , unscientifically selected and , in all probability , representative of only his own friends and acquaintances .
his samples were small , unscientifically [chosen/chose] and , in all probability , representative of only his own friends and acquaintances .

When choosing dowel at any place other than a kite store which would have selected its stock , rotate the spar between thumb and forefinger of one hand while resting the dowel in the other hand and check that the spar is straight .
when choosing dowel at any place other than a kite store which would have [chosen/chose] its stock , rotate the spar between thumb and forefinger of one hand while resting the dowel in the other hand and check that the spar is straight .

The John Clarke reel–turned from the solid in selected mahogany and remarkably compact .
the john clarke reel–turned from the solid in [chosen/chose] mahogany and remarkably compact .

The Delta kites are selected for their consistency rather than extreme rates of turn or agility as would be the case for a sport kite flown solo .
the delta kites are [chosen/chose] for their consistency rather than extreme rates of turn or agility as would be the case for a sport kite flown solo .

Send Andy your own compilation tapes including , if you wish , selected tracks by Country Joe And The Fish , Edwin Starr , Billy Bragg , Elvis Costello , John Lennon , Soho , The Farm , Robert Wyatt , Metallica and our Lisa .
send andy your own compilation tapes including , if you wish , [chosen/chose] tracks by country joe and the fish , edwin starr , billy bragg , elvis costello , john lennon , soho , the farm , robert wyatt , metallica and our lisa .

And the Princess Joanna 's marriage to David Stewart was to be declared null and void , since both had been mere infants at its celebration , and the princess free to marry whomsoever her royal brother selected , Balliol himself being glad and privileged to wed her if this was his Lord Edward 's will and choice .
and the princess joanna 's marriage to david stewart was to be declared null and void , since both had been mere infants at its celebration , and the princess free to marry whomsoever her royal brother [chosen/chose] , balliol himself being glad and privileged to wed her if this was his lord edward 's will and choice .

To determine how important radio was as a source of news 1 selected some news stories and tried to find out if and how Zambians in various parts of the country had learned of these events .
to determine how important radio was as a source of news 1 [chosen/chose] some news stories and tried to find out if and how zambians in various parts of the country had learned of these events .

Three of the drivers concerned had argued that they had been unfairly selected for redundancy because there were drivers with less service who had been retained at other quarries .
three of the drivers concerned had argued that they had been unfairly [chosen/chose] for redundancy because there were drivers with less service who had been retained at other quarries .

Redken products are only available from selected professional salons to ensure that they are correctly prescribed according to individual hair types and requirements .
redken products are only available from [chosen/chose] professional salons to ensure that they are correctly prescribed according to individual hair types and requirements .

There was no furniture in the room other than a cupboard in the far corner in which were kept special foods such as plates of dates selected from the great storehouse or the enamel pots poured full of the sweet of the area .
there was no furniture in the room other than a cupboard in the far corner in which were kept special foods such as plates of dates [chosen/chose] from the great storehouse or the enamel pots poured full of the sweet of the area .

They had been selected from a pile of ‘ sets ’ which the Second Son had gleaned from the finest merchants in Abu Dhabi and brought to the Sheikha .
they had been [chosen/chose] from a pile of ‘ sets ’ which the second son had gleaned from the finest merchants in abu dhabi and brought to the sheikha .

Hair is naturally composed of lots of different tints , so streaking , lowlights and selected colouring gives a more flattering effect .
hair is naturally composed of lots of different tints , so streaking , lowlights and [chosen/chose] colouring gives a more flattering effect .

We carried out a survey to determine how buyers of conference facilities selected venues .
we carried out a survey to determine how buyers of conference facilities [chosen/chose] venues .

The story can be told through selected and edited documents .
the story can be told through [chosen/chose] and edited documents .

While we were at the Clothes Show , we noticed some fabulous haircuts and even more exciting styling ideas . We selected some of our favourites and snapped them for the magazine
while we were at the clothes show , we noticed some fabulous haircuts and even more exciting styling ideas . we [chosen/chose] some of our favourites and snapped them for the magazine

It lets you back up ( and restore ) whole disks or selected files and/or directories — including the option to back up only files that have modified since the last run .
it lets you back up ( and restore ) whole disks or [chosen/chose] files and/or directories — including the option to back up only files that have modified since the last run .

If you press the Control key whilst performing the drag ‘ n ’ drop , the selected cells will be copied , and pressing the Shift key inserts extra cells .
if you press the control key whilst performing the drag ‘ n ’ drop , the [chosen/chose] cells will be copied , and pressing the shift key inserts extra cells .

When you created an object you can save it for later use and even add to your tag file , so it can be selected instantly from the menu .
when you created an object you can save it for later use and even add to your tag file , so it can be [chosen/chose] instantly from the menu .

Second , everything you draw is an object that can be selected , moved , reshaped or deleted independently of the rest .
second , everything you draw is an object that can be [chosen/chose] , moved , reshaped or deleted independently of the rest .

each ) were selected as if at random and assessed at £2 each ; although the first two also enjoyed tiny incomes from land , it is to be hoped that some at least of their neighbours chipped in to make up the shilling due from each .
each ) were [chosen/chose] as if at random and assessed at £2 each ; although the first two also enjoyed tiny incomes from land , it is to be hoped that some at least of their neighbours chipped in to make up the shilling due from each .

The theme selected for the research was an investigation into social factors affecting output .
the theme [chosen/chose] for the research was an investigation into social factors affecting output .

This research encompassed the 1979 Winter of Discontent when selected public service workers went on strike against a government-imposed pay limit .
this research encompassed the 1979 winter of discontent when [chosen/chose] public service workers went on strike against a government-imposed pay limit .

Some schools serving a clientele with reading difficulties selected a distinctly tabloid format .
some schools serving a clientele with reading difficulties [chosen/chose] a distinctly tabloid format .

Those to whom the questionnaire is sent have already been carefully selected as representative of the population to be studied .
those to whom the questionnaire is sent have already been carefully [chosen/chose] as representative of the population to be studied .

The usual procedure is for a sample , which is then referred to as the ‘ panel ’ , to be selected in the usual way , as described on pp .
the usual procedure is for a sample , which is then referred to as the ‘ panel ’ , to be [chosen/chose] in the usual way , as described on pp .

While still very young each Ellyrian child is bonded to a specially selected foal .
while still very young each ellyrian child is bonded to a specially [chosen/chose] foal .

Its approaches are guarded by rings of illusion and mazes of spells which means only those selected by the Loremasters of Hoeth ever find the true path to the tower .
its approaches are guarded by rings of illusion and mazes of spells which means only those [chosen/chose] by the loremasters of hoeth ever find the true path to the tower .

He would willingly do homage to whoever was selected .
he would willingly do homage to whoever was [chosen/chose] .

With their people weary of war , the Elves of the Sixth Council selected Bel-Korhadris of Saphery to be the next Phoenix King .
with their people weary of war , the elves of the sixth council [chosen/chose] bel-korhadris of saphery to be the next phoenix king .

High Elf Mages may be selected from any of the four levels of power at the appropriate points cost as shown below .
high elf mages may be [chosen/chose] from any of the four levels of power at the appropriate points cost as shown below .

Furthermore , the items selected will usually have rich meanings within specific cultural contexts .
furthermore , the items [chosen/chose] will usually have rich meanings within specific cultural contexts .

In the autumn of 1986 , when Saxton and Bampfylde abandoned their previous employers , they had already prepared their future strategy : to work with only a selected and comparatively small number of clients in certain market sectors only , with an emphasis on finding the people needed to satisfy a client 's strategic needs rather than on the level of appointment .
in the autumn of 1986 , when saxton and bampfylde abandoned their previous employers , they had already prepared their future strategy : to work with only a [chosen/chose] and comparatively small number of clients in certain market sectors only , with an emphasis on finding the people needed to satisfy a client 's strategic needs rather than on the level of appointment .

On the matter of the quality of search firms , companies were asked : were the candidates selected by headhunters appropriate to the agreed briefs ? Would the company comment on the performance of individual executive search firms with whom they had worked ? And were they aware of any leaks of confidentiality or illegal use of information by search firms at any time ?
on the matter of the quality of search firms , companies were asked : were the candidates [chosen/chose] by headhunters appropriate to the agreed briefs ? would the company comment on the performance of individual executive search firms with whom they had worked ? and were they aware of any leaks of confidentiality or illegal use of information by search firms at any time ?

Are candidates selected generally appropriate given their level of salary and the expenses incurred ?
are candidates [chosen/chose] generally appropriate given their level of salary and the expenses incurred ?

However , that is only true if the psychological processes that operate during natural behaviour sequences are also accessible to our arbitrarily selected behavioural tasks ( Rozin 1976 ) .
however , that is only true if the psychological processes that operate during natural behaviour sequences are also accessible to our arbitrarily [chosen/chose] behavioural tasks ( rozin 1976 ) .

This enables us to use a stereotaxic instrument to guide probes like lesion-making electrodes into the brain at known distances in front of , to one side of , and below one of these landmarks and guarantee to get it into a selected subcortical area .
this enables us to use a stereotaxic instrument to guide probes like lesion-making electrodes into the brain at known distances in front of , to one side of , and below one of these landmarks and guarantee to get it into a [chosen/chose] subcortical area .

In most physiological psychology we take it for granted that lesions will centre on the structure selected by the experimenter .
in most physiological psychology we take it for granted that lesions will centre on the structure [chosen/chose] by the experimenter .

The French army , formed of a selected number of conscripts serving five years , was still digesting the lessons of 1870 .
the french army , formed of a [chosen/chose] number of conscripts serving five years , was still digesting the lessons of 1870 .

This tendency on the part of adults could no doubt also be selected for , once language was entrenched enough to exert the required pressures .
this tendency on the part of adults could no doubt also be [chosen/chose] for , once language was entrenched enough to exert the required pressures .

But individualists , while they can perfectly well understand this holist complaint , have not selected an arbitrary stopping-point .
but individualists , while they can perfectly well understand this holist complaint , have not [chosen/chose] an arbitrary stopping-point .

To make this new comparison Darwin had to drop his old contrast between monstrous , selected , domestic races and adaptive , not selected , wild species .
to make this new comparison darwin had to drop his old contrast between monstrous , [chosen/chose] , domestic races and adaptive , not [chosen/chose] , wild species .

In artificial selection , the chosen end , for which the race is being fitted , does not elicit the variation being selected .
in artificial selection , the chosen end , for which the race is being fitted , does not elicit the variation being [chosen/chose] .

Cahn & Harper ( 1976b ) had presented evidence suggesting that sheep selected between leaf marks ; Dirzo & Harper ( 1982a ) and others have shown that slugs select between cyanogenic and acyanogenic forms ; Black ( 1960 ) had shown the selective value of long petioles ) .
cahn & harper ( 1976b ) had presented evidence suggesting that sheep [chosen/chose] between leaf marks ; dirzo & harper ( 1982a ) and others have shown that slugs select between cyanogenic and acyanogenic forms ; black ( 1960 ) had shown the selective value of long petioles ) .

He regarded Darwin 's second mode of sexual selection — female choice of particular males — as unimportant on the grounds that any consequences which female choice might have would be annulled by natural selection — unless females selected the fittest males , in which case the results of sexual and natural selection would be inseparable .
he regarded darwin 's second mode of sexual selection — female choice of particular males — as unimportant on the grounds that any consequences which female choice might have would be annulled by natural selection — unless females [chosen/chose] the fittest males , in which case the results of sexual and natural selection would be inseparable .

Once a site in a bush or tree has been selected , the pair of long-ta fled tits search for moss and bring it back to the site .
once a site in a bush or tree has been [chosen/chose] , the pair of long-ta fled tits search for moss and bring it back to the site .

Harriet Schleifer is a vigorous employer of selected horror stories : ‘ Thousands of animals are assembled in a single location , close to a building that all of them must enter to die .
harriet schleifer is a vigorous employer of [chosen/chose] horror stories : ‘ thousands of animals are assembled in a single location , close to a building that all of them must enter to die .

Out of 4,000 scientific publications they selected 529 ‘ key articles ’ ( ‘ a key article was defined as one that had an important effect on the direction of subsequent research and development , which in turn proved to be important for one of the ten clinical advances ’ ) .
out of 4,000 scientific publications they [chosen/chose] 529 ‘ key articles ’ ( ‘ a key article was defined as one that had an important effect on the direction of subsequent research and development , which in turn proved to be important for one of the ten clinical advances ’ ) .

Tony selected a great route through the cave , a mixture of small passages , huge chambers , underground streams and some startling cave formations .
tony [chosen/chose] a great route through the cave , a mixture of small passages , huge chambers , underground streams and some startling cave formations .

Another new salon in the same area , Max & Co , was opened in November by Martyn Maxey and he has personally selected products from a variety of top manufacturers .
another new salon in the same area , max & co , was opened in november by martyn maxey and he has personally [chosen/chose] products from a variety of top manufacturers .

Pilots who were selected for the early courses were from very varied backgrounds .
pilots who were [chosen/chose] for the early courses were from very varied backgrounds .

a broad-based curriculum ( similar to the sum of the individual curricula ) from which components are selected according to students ' needs
a broad-based curriculum ( similar to the sum of the individual curricula ) from which components are [chosen/chose] according to students ' needs

Each morning her mother drew Emma 's attention to the chart and gave her a lot of praise and attention while she selected a sticker for her good behaviour .
each morning her mother drew emma 's attention to the chart and gave her a lot of praise and attention while she [chosen/chose] a sticker for her good behaviour .

Now , as you take the carriage across , the yarn is looped over the selected needles on the back bed , while being knitted on every needle on the front bed .
now , as you take the carriage across , the yarn is looped over the [chosen/chose] needles on the back bed , while being knitted on every needle on the front bed .

Mao Zedong had apparently selected his successor , Hua Guofeng , from the favoured few still eligible for political power .
mao zedong had apparently [chosen/chose] his successor , hua guofeng , from the favoured few still eligible for political power .

Posters appeared all over the campus , which is in Mao 's home town , criticising the officials for their interference and treatment of the democratically selected candidates .
posters appeared all over the campus , which is in mao 's home town , criticising the officials for their interference and treatment of the democratically [chosen/chose] candidates .

At the higher levels of government , candidates are usually selected by the top leaders themselves , another element of ‘ top down ’ power , making the actual election process little more than a ‘ rubber stamping ’ exercise .
at the higher levels of government , candidates are usually [chosen/chose] by the top leaders themselves , another element of ‘ top down ’ power , making the actual election process little more than a ‘ rubber stamping ’ exercise .

These rewards are selected from a pre-arranged ‘ reward menu ’ .
these rewards are [chosen/chose] from a pre-arranged ‘ reward menu ’ .

Why have you selected this priority behaviour .
why have you [chosen/chose] this priority behaviour .

The priority selected was the daily strewing of articles which her mother had to pick up .
the priority [chosen/chose] was the daily strewing of articles which her mother had to pick up .

This priority was selected because Kim 's mother became totally subjugated by her daughter as a consequence of the game of ‘ horsey ’ .
this priority was [chosen/chose] because kim 's mother became totally subjugated by her daughter as a consequence of the game of ‘ horsey ’ .

Whatever happens , only one priority should be selected .
whatever happens , only one priority should be [chosen/chose] .

The grammatical categories selected are shown in Figure 7.3 .
the grammatical categories [chosen/chose] are shown in figure 7.3 .

The technical process by which items are selected and tried out on a large group of children is referred to as the process of standardisation and the group of children is referred to as the standardisation sample .
the technical process by which items are [chosen/chose] and tried out on a large group of children is referred to as the process of standardisation and the group of children is referred to as the standardisation sample .

Any new children in the original population ( from which the standardisation sample was selected ) can then be tested and , on the basis of their age and test performance , they can be given a test score which reflects their performance relative to the standardisation sample .
any new children in the original population ( from which the standardisation sample was [chosen/chose] ) can then be tested and , on the basis of their age and test performance , they can be given a test score which reflects their performance relative to the standardisation sample .

The sentence pairs are designed to reflect important grammatical contrasts but , without information regarding how the particular contrasts were selected and how far they are representative of the grammatical skills available to children of this age , it is impossible to determine how useful they are as test items .
the sentence pairs are designed to reflect important grammatical contrasts but , without information regarding how the particular contrasts were [chosen/chose] and how far they are representative of the grammatical skills available to children of this age , it is impossible to determine how useful they are as test items .

Has the test been standardised ? What were the characteristics of the sample , and from which population ( sample frame ) was the sample selected ?
has the test been standardised ? what were the characteristics of the sample , and from which population ( sample frame ) was the sample [chosen/chose] ?

Much has happened in the South West since the publication of pat Littlejohn 's first selected climbs guide in 1979 .
much has happened in the south west since the publication of pat littlejohn 's first [chosen/chose] climbs guide in 1979 .

Moreover , by describing the seven selected areas from a single , attractive base , the spa town of Pantlcosa , a wide range of climbs is concentrated into one slender book , this being the strength of this timely volume .
moreover , by describing the seven [chosen/chose] areas from a single , attractive base , the spa town of pantlcosa , a wide range of climbs is concentrated into one slender book , this being the strength of this timely volume .

We took two hunks and , with the help of a carefully selected team of experts , made them even hunkier !
we took two hunks and , with the help of a carefully [chosen/chose] team of experts , made them even hunkier !

The lace carriage is going to transfer the selected stitches and the main carriage is going to knit them .
the lace carriage is going to transfer the [chosen/chose] stitches and the main carriage is going to knit them .

You recall that we could not have the needles always selected in the same direction or we would end up with biased fabric ?
you recall that we could not have the needles always [chosen/chose] in the same direction or we would end up with biased fabric ?

Nothing will happen , since you have n't yet selected any needles and this carriage can not knit .
nothing will happen , since you have n't yet [chosen/chose] any needles and this carriage can not knit .

3 has a new instruction : you will pull the selector lever on occasions and no needles will be selected .
3 has a new instruction : you will pull the selector lever on occasions and no needles will be [chosen/chose] .

Stark not only claims that the value-facts are a priori to rational cognition but also claims that the ‘ axiological system ’ ( the social a priori ) only determines what is to be selected for knowledge .
stark not only claims that the value-facts are a priori to rational cognition but also claims that the ‘ axiological system ’ ( the social a priori ) only determines what is to be [chosen/chose] for knowledge .

The completed garment will be more successful if the right type of stitch is selected .
the completed garment will be more successful if the right type of stitch is [chosen/chose] .

If you have the right hand light on , the needles selected by the blanks ( which on lace cards will be nearly all the needles ) will be selected for transfer .
if you have the right hand light on , the needles [chosen/chose] by the blanks ( which on lace cards will be nearly all the needles ) will be [chosen/chose] for transfer .

On the back bed the needles are selected electronically for two rows of each colour .
on the back bed the needles are [chosen/chose] electronically for two rows of each colour .

It goes over needles selected by punched holes and under needles selected by blanks .
it goes over needles [chosen/chose] by punched holes and under needles [chosen/chose] by blanks .

Alternatively , on Brother and Toyota machines , you can lay the weaving yarn across the selected needles at the beginning of every row .
alternatively , on brother and toyota machines , you can lay the weaving yarn across the [chosen/chose] needles at the beginning of every row .

From each selected node , the process repeated itself ; namely , all paragraphs on links from that node were printed , and then the next ‘ depth-first ’ node was visited .
from each [chosen/chose] node , the process repeated itself ; namely , all paragraphs on links from that node were printed , and then the next ‘ depth-first ’ node was visited .

The entity-type Current.Record.Position has been introduced to explicitly indicate the current selected object .
the entity-type current.record.position has been introduced to explicitly indicate the current [chosen/chose] object .

first finds the key of the record found at the beginning of the selected trail and establishes it as the current record .
first finds the key of the record found at the beginning of the [chosen/chose] trail and establishes it as the current record .

last finds the key of the record found by the end of the selected trail and establishes it as the current record .
last finds the key of the record found by the end of the [chosen/chose] trail and establishes it as the current record .

Arthur Whitten-Brown , the navigator , who by a twist of fate spent his formative years living in Chorlton , Manchester , selected and installed all the instruments .
arthur whitten-brown , the navigator , who by a twist of fate spent his formative years living in chorlton , manchester , [chosen/chose] and installed all the instruments .

If the designer has longer blocks of selected or unselected needles , the floats of weaving yarn will also be longer .
if the designer has longer blocks of [chosen/chose] or unselected needles , the floats of weaving yarn will also be longer .

Remember that the weaving yarn is only trapped into the fabric when the needle selection changes , so floats are formed when there are long blocks of both selected and unselected needles .
remember that the weaving yarn is only trapped into the fabric when the needle selection changes , so floats are formed when there are long blocks of both [chosen/chose] and unselected needles .

Lay the weaving yarn over the selected needles , with the end which is joined to the ball or cone at the opposite side to the carriage .
lay the weaving yarn over the [chosen/chose] needles , with the end which is joined to the ball or cone at the opposite side to the carriage .

The design for smooth weaving yarns should also be selected with care .
the design for smooth weaving yarns should also be [chosen/chose] with care .

As you knit , the needles that are selected to tuck move forward of the needlebed far enough to collect the yarn , but not far enough for the stitch on the needle to go behind the latch and knit off .
as you knit , the needles that are [chosen/chose] to tuck move forward of the needlebed far enough to collect the yarn , but not far enough for the stitch on the needle to go behind the latch and knit off .

On Brother and Toyota machines , the needles that are selected forward of the needlebed are the needles that will knit .
on brother and toyota machines , the needles that are [chosen/chose] forward of the needlebed are the needles that will knit .

On machines with automatic end needle selection cams , these are set to select the end needles to the selected position .
on machines with automatic end needle selection cams , these are set to select the end needles to the [chosen/chose] position .

With slip stitch ( or skip stitch as Brother call it ) the needle selected to slip does n't move at all during knitting , but the yarn just passes in front of it .
with slip stitch ( or skip stitch as brother call it ) the needle [chosen/chose] to slip does n't move at all during knitting , but the yarn just passes in front of it .

Complete the lace message — pull the selected lever and move the lace carriage to the right .
complete the lace message — pull the [chosen/chose] lever and move the lace carriage to the right .

Each time the needles are selected , they involve a needle one step along .
each time the needles are [chosen/chose] , they involve a needle one step along .

Remembering that the blanks show which needles are selected , it is easy to see , on the card .
remembering that the blanks show which needles are [chosen/chose] , it is easy to see , on the card .

the slope that the selected needles make amongst the holes of the background knitted stitches .
the slope that the [chosen/chose] needles make amongst the holes of the background knitted stitches .

As before this simply tells you in which direction to move the lace carriage to transfer the selected stitches .
as before this simply tells you in which direction to move the lace carriage to transfer the [chosen/chose] stitches .

Unlike the punchcards , where you indicate a button on the graph , this is the needle that will be selected .
unlike the punchcards , where you indicate a button on the graph , this is the needle that will be [chosen/chose] .

Home care aides were selected to work in small teams with the services managers , each having not more than two clients .
home care aides were [chosen/chose] to work in small teams with the services managers , each having not more than two clients .

It was nearly dark when he arrived at Stobs and set up his equipment in a previously selected position above a deep cutting on the Whitrope side of the station .
it was nearly dark when he arrived at stobs and set up his equipment in a previously [chosen/chose] position above a deep cutting on the whitrope side of the station .

The address they have selected is in that envelope .
the address they have [chosen/chose] is in that envelope .

He is selected for that reason , because he will not be suspected by the police .
he is [chosen/chose] for that reason , because he will not be suspected by the police .

Consultant paediatrician Dr John Holmes-Smith , who selected children to go on the trip , said : ‘ As long as they are medically fit to go on the rides , there 's no reason why they should n't .
consultant paediatrician dr john holmes-smith , who [chosen/chose] children to go on the trip , said : ‘ as long as they are medically fit to go on the rides , there 's no reason why they should n't .

‘ Then to add a little spice we selected Fidelity Special Situations which has a good track record but we 're taking more of a gamble in the hope of bigger profits . ’
‘ then to add a little spice we [chosen/chose] fidelity special situations which has a good track record but we 're taking more of a gamble in the hope of bigger profits . ’

All the shades of the same colour spectrum blend together well : for example , if you have selected a walnut or mahogany finished frame and you want to use flowers in shades of orange , cream and yellow , then a mid-brown mount with a beige or cream backing would tone very well with your design .
all the shades of the same colour spectrum blend together well : for example , if you have [chosen/chose] a walnut or mahogany finished frame and you want to use flowers in shades of orange , cream and yellow , then a mid-brown mount with a beige or cream backing would tone very well with your design .

Their style is to give information to selected journalists — in this case all the royal correspondents in Korea — making sure that they remain unnamed sources .
their style is to give information to [chosen/chose] journalists — in this case all the royal correspondents in korea — making sure that they remain unnamed sources .

Selected items half price .
[chosen/chose] items half price .

Reductions on selected household goods .
reductions on [chosen/chose] household goods .

Selected 24-piece cutlery sets down from £120 to £79 .
[chosen/chose] 24-piece cutlery sets down from £120 to £79 .

Sale starts Monday , December 28 in 57 stores ( selected stores will open on Sunday , December 27 and will start their sales then ) .
sale starts monday , december 28 in 57 stores ( [chosen/chose] stores will open on sunday , december 27 and will start their sales then ) .

Up to 50 per cent off selected items .
up to 50 per cent off [chosen/chose] items .

Selected silk scarves reduced to £3.99 .
[chosen/chose] silk scarves reduced to £3.99 .

Between 30 and 40 per cent off selected items .
between 30 and 40 per cent off [chosen/chose] items .

Pure cotton plain dye table linens , garden furniture , selected clothing and toys , sports equipment and confectionery will all be half price .
pure cotton plain dye table linens , garden furniture , [chosen/chose] clothing and toys , sports equipment and confectionery will all be half price .

One third off selected women 's fashion labels including Jasper Conran and Caroline Charles , one third off selected menswear including Moschino , Kenzo and Valentino .
one third off [chosen/chose] women 's fashion labels including jasper conran and caroline charles , one third off [chosen/chose] menswear including moschino , kenzo and valentino .

Between 25 and 30 per cent off all merchandise , 50 per cent off selected items and further reductions throughout the sale .
between 25 and 30 per cent off all merchandise , 50 per cent off [chosen/chose] items and further reductions throughout the sale .

Selected leather goods and stationery half price .
[chosen/chose] leather goods and stationery half price .

Half price for selected books .
half price for [chosen/chose] books .

Selected locals
[chosen/chose] locals

London : Lumiere . National : Selected locals
london : lumiere . national : [chosen/chose] locals

Selected locals
[chosen/chose] locals

Selected locals
[chosen/chose] locals

Selected locals
[chosen/chose] locals

To head her media team the princess selected easy-going Australian Geoff Crawford who had never worked for her before but whose loyalty was assured by members of her household .
to head her media team the princess [chosen/chose] easy-going australian geoff crawford who had never worked for her before but whose loyalty was assured by members of her household .

Selected locals
[chosen/chose] locals

Selected locals
[chosen/chose] locals

National : Selected locals
national : [chosen/chose] locals

Candidates must complete punishing physical and mental tests to be selected .
candidates must complete punishing physical and mental tests to be [chosen/chose] .

Alternatives : If you 've got a sweet tooth try Victoria 's Albiger Hundskopf Siegerrebe Auslese ( £5.79 from selected stores ) or Waitrose 's Erdener Treppchen Riesling Spatlese 1986 ( £5.95 ) .
alternatives : if you 've got a sweet tooth try victoria 's albiger hundskopf siegerrebe auslese ( £5.79 from [chosen/chose] stores ) or waitrose 's erdener treppchen riesling spatlese 1986 ( £5.95 ) .

National : Selected Locals
national : [chosen/chose] locals

General : Selected Locals
general : [chosen/chose] locals

National : Selected Locals
national : [chosen/chose] locals

National : Selected Locals
national : [chosen/chose] locals

National : Selected Locals
national : [chosen/chose] locals

National : Selected Locals
national : [chosen/chose] locals

National : Selected Locals
national : [chosen/chose] locals

National : Selected Locals
national : [chosen/chose] locals

National : Selected Locals
national : [chosen/chose] locals

‘ There may be a perfectly good reason why he should n't be selected , but logic to him suggests otherwise .
‘ there may be a perfectly good reason why he should n't be [chosen/chose] , but logic to him suggests otherwise .

But Taylor will insist on independent medical evidence if any selected players are withdrawn .
but taylor will insist on independent medical evidence if any [chosen/chose] players are withdrawn .

And some are ready to challenge England 's demand for total release of all players who are selected .
and some are ready to challenge england 's demand for total release of all players who are [chosen/chose] .

His nap East Barns ( 12-1 ) , also selected by Henry Rix , and next best African Chimes ( evens ) were just two of his five winners at the all-weather track , which also included Island Blade ( 8-1 ) .
his nap east barns ( 12-1 ) , also [chosen/chose] by henry rix , and next best african chimes ( evens ) were just two of his five winners at the all-weather track , which also included island blade ( 8-1 ) .

‘ But that is a ridiculous argument because it would look like sour grapes as none of our county players were selected .
‘ but that is a ridiculous argument because it would look like sour grapes as none of our county players were [chosen/chose] .

But England 's recent games against both nations have been full Tests and the squad will include those available England players not selected by the Lions .
but england 's recent games against both nations have been full tests and the squad will include those available england players not [chosen/chose] by the lions .

No-one in the Liverpool dressing room is left in any doubt as to the standards they are expected to achieve each time they are selected .
no-one in the liverpool dressing room is left in any doubt as to the standards they are expected to achieve each time they are [chosen/chose] .

And he is defiant in the face of critics who say he 's lucky to be selected .
and he is defiant in the face of critics who say he 's lucky to be [chosen/chose] .

When asked why Limpar had n't even made the bench , manager George Graham replied tersely : ‘ Because he was n't selected .
when asked why limpar had n't even made the bench , manager george graham replied tersely : ‘ because he was n't [chosen/chose] .

It currently aims to run business-class passenger trains , with airline-style service , on selected long-distance routes .
it currently aims to run business-class passenger trains , with airline-style service , on [chosen/chose] long-distance routes .

NatWest has a Touchscreen execution-only service for selected stocks at certain branches .
natwest has a touchscreen execution-only service for [chosen/chose] stocks at certain branches .

Most of the early topics for review , such as debtor management , payment systems and self-billing , were selected by head office , but as confidence in the technique has grown , suggestions for further reviews have increasingly come from individual sites ; programme and project management and risk evaluation in project appraisals are examples .
most of the early topics for review , such as debtor management , payment systems and self-billing , were [chosen/chose] by head office , but as confidence in the technique has grown , suggestions for further reviews have increasingly come from individual sites ; programme and project management and risk evaluation in project appraisals are examples .

As experience grew this was followed in selected cases with workshops at which key managers and staff discussed the findings and prepared their own action plans .
as experience grew this was followed in [chosen/chose] cases with workshops at which key managers and staff discussed the findings and prepared their own action plans .

Although Mr Llambias is a member of the Disciplinary Committee , he had not been selected as a member of the disciplinary panel and so was prevented by the committee 's byelaws from attending .
although mr llambias is a member of the disciplinary committee , he had not been [chosen/chose] as a member of the disciplinary panel and so was prevented by the committee 's byelaws from attending .

After initial evaluations with various software publishers , Intergraph finally selected Tetra 's Chameleon package .
after initial evaluations with various software publishers , intergraph finally [chosen/chose] tetra 's chameleon package .

So far , Intergraph is more than satisfied that it made the correct decision when it selected Chameleon .
so far , intergraph is more than satisfied that it made the correct decision when it [chosen/chose] chameleon .

To be neutral , information must be selected and presented without bias .
to be neutral , information must be [chosen/chose] and presented without bias .

Sir Leon ends by describing the new procedures as ‘ imperative in order to increase public confidence in the system of selected distribution ’ .
sir leon ends by describing the new procedures as ‘ imperative in order to increase public confidence in the system of [chosen/chose] distribution ’ .

Since 1991 , 70 full proposals have been received , of which 50 have been selected and circulated to the financiers .
since 1991 , 70 full proposals have been received , of which 50 have been [chosen/chose] and circulated to the financiers .

The piece of stone or the log of wood selected is treated in an elaborate manner in order to divest it of its inert nature and to infuse into it the power to contain the divine image .
the piece of stone or the log of wood [chosen/chose] is treated in an elaborate manner in order to divest it of its inert nature and to infuse into it the power to contain the divine image .

When the selected material is brought to the sacrificial enclosure in a ceremonial procession , a consecrated ‘ pot ’ or ‘ puma-kumbha ’ is installed and the stone or wood is subjected to set rituals before it is given to the sculptor .
when the [chosen/chose] material is brought to the sacrificial enclosure in a ceremonial procession , a consecrated ‘ pot ’ or ‘ puma-kumbha ’ is installed and the stone or wood is subjected to set rituals before it is given to the sculptor .

Stone icons are preferably carved from stones found in rocky , mountainous areas , or when not available those existing at ground level are selected . Stones are classified as follows :
stone icons are preferably carved from stones found in rocky , mountainous areas , or when not available those existing at ground level are [chosen/chose] . stones are classified as follows :

These offences were selected both because of their importance and because there is sufficient evidence for detailed analysis .
these offences were [chosen/chose] both because of their importance and because there is sufficient evidence for detailed analysis .

The penultimate chapter examines selected features of crime in general , especially the social characteristics of persons thought to be responsible for various offences .
the penultimate chapter examines [chosen/chose] features of crime in general , especially the social characteristics of persons thought to be responsible for various offences .

All Supreme Court cases and selected district court cases were prosecuted by a government official .
all supreme court cases and [chosen/chose] district court cases were prosecuted by a government official .

Later still he may train himself to eradicate the desire or aversion itself , releasing himself from one causally necessary condition of facing facts , so that the formula is no longer directly applicable ; but that will be in the service of other ends , and unless he can discover some new way of validating them these too will be spontaneous goals selected from the rest by thinking within the frame of the same formula .
later still he may train himself to eradicate the desire or aversion itself , releasing himself from one causally necessary condition of facing facts , so that the formula is no longer directly applicable ; but that will be in the service of other ends , and unless he can discover some new way of validating them these too will be spontaneous goals [chosen/chose] from the rest by thinking within the frame of the same formula .

Selected branches of Comet , for example , can supply you with a Rabbit system plus a variety of Cellnet and Vodafone-based offerings .
[chosen/chose] branches of comet , for example , can supply you with a rabbit system plus a variety of cellnet and vodafone-based offerings .

They would dial-up , go to whichever part of the system they need , and call off selected files , such as a list of debtors .
they would dial-up , go to whichever part of the system they need , and call off [chosen/chose] files , such as a list of debtors .

In a similar vein , it would be possible for companies to disclose selected cash flow information , rather than full cash flow statements .
in a similar vein , it would be possible for companies to disclose [chosen/chose] cash flow information , rather than full cash flow statements .

On the playing front out of 88 selected for the divisional team 57 were from state schools and 37 from independent schools , with 16 out of the 23 finally selected from the state system .
on the playing front out of 88 [chosen/chose] for the divisional team 57 were from state schools and 37 from independent schools , with 16 out of the 23 finally [chosen/chose] from the state system .

Swart was selected for Transvaal but withdrew voluntarily until he tests clean .
swart was [chosen/chose] for transvaal but withdrew voluntarily until he tests clean .

In one study , female rats selected carbohydrate-fat mixtures , while male rats selected protein-fat mixtures , which suggests that these choices may be purely physiological .
in one study , female rats [chosen/chose] carbohydrate-fat mixtures , while male rats [chosen/chose] protein-fat mixtures , which suggests that these choices may be purely physiological .

’ But soon after John was selected as the prospective Cheltenham candidate , the Taylors concluded that there were too many pressures to introduce a new baby .
’ but soon after john was [chosen/chose] as the prospective cheltenham candidate , the taylors concluded that there were too many pressures to introduce a new baby .

As soon as he was selected , Bill Galbraith , a Tory local , announced that ‘ bloody niggers ’ were not wanted in the town .
as soon as he was [chosen/chose] , bill galbraith , a tory local , announced that ‘ bloody niggers ’ were not wanted in the town .

You 'll find the quality mark on pre-packed Scottish salmon steaks and fillets in Safeway , Tesco and Wm Low , and as a gill tag on whole fish in Selfridges and selected fishmongers .
you 'll find the quality mark on pre-packed scottish salmon steaks and fillets in safeway , tesco and wm low , and as a gill tag on whole fish in selfridges and [chosen/chose] fishmongers .

’ This means that like pension fund trustees , charity fund managers are being selected on the basis of beauty parades , although this is not ‘ quite as standardised as in the pensions fund area .
’ this means that like pension fund trustees , charity fund managers are being [chosen/chose] on the basis of beauty parades , although this is not ‘ quite as standardised as in the pensions fund area .

As ‘ the council of twelve ’ , selected from the ‘ council of twenty-four ’ , they formed an exclusive survivor of the traditional merchants gilds , even to the extent of their liveried cloaks .
as ‘ the council of twelve ’ , [chosen/chose] from the ‘ council of twenty-four ’ , they formed an exclusive survivor of the traditional merchants gilds , even to the extent of their liveried cloaks .

The older figures will be selected by prison staff and sent on six-week Samaritans ' training courses under a Home Office scheme , called Listening Prisoners .
the older figures will be [chosen/chose] by prison staff and sent on six-week samaritans ' training courses under a home office scheme , called listening prisoners .

Vehicles were selected at random and directed into a ‘ sterile zone ’ where they were searched .
vehicles were [chosen/chose] at random and directed into a ‘ sterile zone ’ where they were searched .

Cathy Gunn is going down the catwalk in cashmere and has selected Dawson International .
cathy gunn is going down the catwalk in cashmere and has [chosen/chose] dawson international .

He suggests that authenticity can be understood as relating not only to the language selected to be taught but the task on which the learner is engaged and the social setting which is created in the classroom .
he suggests that authenticity can be understood as relating not only to the language [chosen/chose] to be taught but the task on which the learner is engaged and the social setting which is created in the classroom .

Application : Sample drills provided , selected from existing materials with reference to procedural guidance .
application : sample drills provided , [chosen/chose] from existing materials with reference to procedural guidance .

The money is invested in deposits with first class banks and the investor receives a wholesale rate of interest on the currency selected .
the money is invested in deposits with first class banks and the investor receives a wholesale rate of interest on the currency [chosen/chose] .

Part-way through entering the sale on a computer , the sales assistant had to go into the store room to check the identifying number of the machine selected .
part-way through entering the sale on a computer , the sales assistant had to go into the store room to check the identifying number of the machine [chosen/chose] .

She ended up in conflict with co-leader Terry Butler after being selected to join the force .
she ended up in conflict with co-leader terry butler after being [chosen/chose] to join the force .

It is unlikely that population heterogeneity could explain our results : in each population , cases and controls were carefully selected to minimize ethnic heterogeneity .
it is unlikely that population heterogeneity could explain our results : in each population , cases and controls were carefully [chosen/chose] to minimize ethnic heterogeneity .

It was suggested that female spiders , by cannibalizing courting males , have actively selected for small male size .
it was suggested that female spiders , by cannibalizing courting males , have actively [chosen/chose] for small male size .

If the quantal size changes over time , however , the histogram peaks become smeared and the analysis can , at best , only be done for relatively brief selected periods .
if the quantal size changes over time , however , the histogram peaks become smeared and the analysis can , at best , only be done for relatively brief [chosen/chose] periods .

Among those elongated tails that are apparently sexually selected , the marginal costs of graduated tails greatly exceed those of streamer-shaped tails ( that is pintails and deep forks ; Fig .
among those elongated tails that are apparently sexually [chosen/chose] , the marginal costs of graduated tails greatly exceed those of streamer-shaped tails ( that is pintails and deep forks ; fig .

All pairs are from the same family or superfamily and are roughly matched for size and relative tail length of males , but have otherwise been selected at random .
all pairs are from the same family or superfamily and are roughly matched for size and relative tail length of males , but have otherwise been [chosen/chose] at random .

1 , which is based on data from lines of Drosophila selected for early or late reproduction .
1 , which is based on data from lines of drosophila [chosen/chose] for early or late reproduction .

Second , senescence might evolve because of a greater mutation load on the later , and less strongly selected , part of the life history ( the mutational explanation ) .
second , senescence might evolve because of a greater mutation load on the later , and less strongly [chosen/chose] , part of the life history ( the mutational explanation ) .

Survival , l ( x ) , and fertility , m ( x ) , in the two sexes , as a function of time since eclosion , for lines of Drosophila melanogaster which had been selected for early or late reproduction .
survival , l ( x ) , and fertility , m ( x ) , in the two sexes , as a function of time since eclosion , for lines of drosophila melanogaster which had been [chosen/chose] for early or late reproduction .

Data are from crosses between replicate selected lines , to avoid inbreeding effects .
data are from crosses between replicate [chosen/chose] lines , to avoid inbreeding effects .

In all four figures , selection is stronger in early life on the lines selected for early reproduction , ( dashed lines ) and stronger in late life for the ‘ late ’ lines .
in all four figures , selection is stronger in early life on the lines [chosen/chose] for early reproduction , ( dashed lines ) and stronger in late life for the ‘ late ’ lines .

Earlier this month London International Group , a condom and photo-processing company , was censured by the stock exchange for warning selected analysts that its profits would be lower than expected .
earlier this month london international group , a condom and photo-processing company , was censured by the stock exchange for warning [chosen/chose] analysts that its profits would be lower than expected .

Both the way he selected people and the status and accountability he gave them might have been suggested to him by John Howard .
both the way he [chosen/chose] people and the status and accountability he gave them might have been suggested to him by john howard .

The first is that with another ten years of John Paul 's rule , the silencing of awkward bishops and theologians , the appointment to the episcopate of a most carefully selected team of neo-conservatives , a rather traditionalist form of Catholicism will , in fact , harden and remain for a long time effectively unchangeable .
the first is that with another ten years of john paul 's rule , the silencing of awkward bishops and theologians , the appointment to the episcopate of a most carefully [chosen/chose] team of neo-conservatives , a rather traditionalist form of catholicism will , in fact , harden and remain for a long time effectively unchangeable .

By far the most important problem that has been selected as providing the push into the invention of crime has been thwarted conventional ambitions — Merton 's ( 1938 ) ‘ anomie ’ theory and the ‘ delinquent subculture ’ theories of Cohen ( 1955 ) and Cloward and Ohlin ( 1960 ) being the most influential examples .
by far the most important problem that has been [chosen/chose] as providing the push into the invention of crime has been thwarted conventional ambitions — merton 's ( 1938 ) ‘ anomie ’ theory and the ‘ delinquent subculture ’ theories of cohen ( 1955 ) and cloward and ohlin ( 1960 ) being the most influential examples .

For example , the concentration of crime in the lower social class , which was the starting point for all the main sociological theories , could be explained simply by the fact that members of the lower social class were more likely to be selected for labelling .
for example , the concentration of crime in the lower social class , which was the starting point for all the main sociological theories , could be explained simply by the fact that members of the lower social class were more likely to be [chosen/chose] for labelling .

What is proposed , in sum , was a measure of relaxation in the social and legal control of selected aspects of female sexual practice .
what is proposed , in sum , was a measure of relaxation in the social and legal control of [chosen/chose] aspects of female sexual practice .

That lack of sensitivity has not made her especially popular in the locker room , but she has nevertheless gained enough respect to be selected to the board of the Women 's Tennis Association over many years , and she currently serves as its President .
that lack of sensitivity has not made her especially popular in the locker room , but she has nevertheless gained enough respect to be [chosen/chose] to the board of the women 's tennis association over many years , and she currently serves as its president .

Over one hundred youngsters benefited from the day , which acted as a pilot event for an innovative new programme designed by Mercedes-Benz and the Lawn Tennis Association Trust to provide selected schools throughout the country with the opportunity to receive expert tuition from world class tennis players .
over one hundred youngsters benefited from the day , which acted as a pilot event for an innovative new programme designed by mercedes-benz and the lawn tennis association trust to provide [chosen/chose] schools throughout the country with the opportunity to receive expert tuition from world class tennis players .

Sotheby 's was selected because the auction house could move faster than the Public Library , the original lender-to-be , and because it could offer a ‘ very favourable ’ interest rate , which neither of the parties will disclose .
sotheby 's was [chosen/chose] because the auction house could move faster than the public library , the original lender-to-be , and because it could offer a ‘ very favourable ’ interest rate , which neither of the parties will disclose .

Another possibility is to ‘ e ’ wrap the weaving yarn around selected needles .
another possibility is to ‘ e ’ wrap the weaving yarn around [chosen/chose] needles .

The needles for the stitches in contrast colour will be selected to the upper position as the carriage crosses the needlebed and picks up colour two from the second yarn feed ( the ‘ butterfly ’ .
the needles for the stitches in contrast colour will be [chosen/chose] to the upper position as the carriage crosses the needlebed and picks up colour two from the second yarn feed ( the ‘ butterfly ’ .

’ Swiftly , Hari selected some of her father 's working clothes and returned to the kitchen .
’ swiftly , hari [chosen/chose] some of her father 's working clothes and returned to the kitchen .

Some 200 of the Vatican 's finest books , manuscripts and maps , many previously unexhibited , have been selected to demonstrate the importance of the Library as a centre of learning and authority from the Renaissance onwards .
some 200 of the vatican 's finest books , manuscripts and maps , many previously unexhibited , have been [chosen/chose] to demonstrate the importance of the library as a centre of learning and authority from the renaissance onwards .

Jeremy Lewison , Deputy Keeper of the Tate Gallery 's Modern Collection and author of a new monograph ( Phaidon Press , 1992 , £17.95 ) , is guest curator and has selected some forty-five paintings and reliefs as well as twenty-five etchings from the series published by Francois Lafranca in 1965–68 .
jeremy lewison , deputy keeper of the tate gallery 's modern collection and author of a new monograph ( phaidon press , 1992 , £17.95 ) , is guest curator and has [chosen/chose] some forty-five paintings and reliefs as well as twenty-five etchings from the series published by francois lafranca in 1965–68 .

Following a trip to Korea Mr Molloy selected cherry wood for the raised plinths in the gallery and a reference to a Korean temple in the curved ceiling space .
following a trip to korea mr molloy [chosen/chose] cherry wood for the raised plinths in the gallery and a reference to a korean temple in the curved ceiling space .

Architecture in the Encyclopédie of Diderot and d'Alembert ( £50 ) covers the letterpress articles and selected engravings from the twenty-eight-volume Encyclopédie and its seven-volume supplement .
architecture in the encyclopédie of diderot and d'alembert ( £50 ) covers the letterpress articles and [chosen/chose] engravings from the twenty-eight-volume encyclopédie and its seven-volume supplement .

Anthony Reynolds , a fifth-year veteran , was less sanguine , remarking upon what amounted to discrimination against foreign dealers by the Bundesverband , who allow selected German galleries ‘ red-dot booths ’ — free , extra space financed by the state , in which gallerists can show younger , unknown artists .
anthony reynolds , a fifth-year veteran , was less sanguine , remarking upon what amounted to discrimination against foreign dealers by the bundesverband , who allow [chosen/chose] german galleries ‘ red-dot booths ’ — free , extra space financed by the state , in which gallerists can show younger , unknown artists .

He has selected ten artists to illustrate his thesis in which he ponders whether art might have replaced religion as a vehicle for modern spiritual thought .
he has [chosen/chose] ten artists to illustrate his thesis in which he ponders whether art might have replaced religion as a vehicle for modern spiritual thought .

Formatwise , Hooker has stuck rigidly to the formula that turned ‘ The Healer ’ into a Grammy-grabber , with a miscellany of guests — in this instance Vaughan , John Hammond , Robert Cray , Charlie Musselwhite , Albert Collins etc — effectively fitting into selected niches while producer Roy Rogers creates an aura that , while allowing Hooker to be his usual minimalistic down-homey self , provides an urgency guaranteed to have the rock generation continuing to hang on the 72-year-old 's every ‘ uh uh ’ .
formatwise , hooker has stuck rigidly to the formula that turned ‘ the healer ’ into a grammy-grabber , with a miscellany of guests — in this instance vaughan , john hammond , robert cray , charlie musselwhite , albert collins etc — effectively fitting into [chosen/chose] niches while producer roy rogers creates an aura that , while allowing hooker to be his usual minimalistic down-homey self , provides an urgency guaranteed to have the rock generation continuing to hang on the 72-year-old 's every ‘ uh uh ’ .

As regards methods of analysis , it seemed most appropriate to examine the output of selected key bodies , in order to make an assessment of the images of the elderly emerging from each and of similarities and differences among them .
as regards methods of analysis , it seemed most appropriate to examine the output of [chosen/chose] key bodies , in order to make an assessment of the images of the elderly emerging from each and of similarities and differences among them .

One feels a certain sympathy for those selected to carry the torch in New Zealand .
one feels a certain sympathy for those [chosen/chose] to carry the torch in new zealand .

On past albums , Willner has directed a large cast of performers through selected works of Kurt Weil , Thelonius Monk , soundtrack supremo Nino Rota and , erm , Walt Disney .
on past albums , willner has directed a large cast of performers through [chosen/chose] works of kurt weil , thelonius monk , soundtrack supremo nino rota and , erm , walt disney .

Rosenthal has selected just three artists to stand for new developments in the Nineties : Jeff Koons , Robert Gober and Mike Kelly . Has he made the right choices , and can he suggest the current direction of American art with just these three candidates ?
rosenthal has [chosen/chose] just three artists to stand for new developments in the nineties : jeff koons , robert gober and mike kelly . has he made the right choices , and can he suggest the current direction of american art with just these three candidates ?

The citizens sensibly selected a man who is gradually recalling the town 's thousand year-old history back to Decin .
the citizens sensibly [chosen/chose] a man who is gradually recalling the town 's thousand year-old history back to decin .

Boldly displayed colour plates and a wealth of freshly selected details , often in the form of juxtaposed photographs and contemporary engravings , make these books a pleasure to use since images and texts are well co-ordinated .
boldly displayed colour plates and a wealth of freshly [chosen/chose] details , often in the form of juxtaposed photographs and contemporary engravings , make these books a pleasure to use since images and texts are well co-ordinated .

About one quarter of the paintings and virtually all of the drawings selected for the exhibition come from the Foundation itself and from other family sources .
about one quarter of the paintings and virtually all of the drawings [chosen/chose] for the exhibition come from the foundation itself and from other family sources .

The other major exhibition of ‘ Any Miró ’ , incorporating many paintings and drawings selected by the Fundacio Joan Miró but also including sculpture , ceramics , prints and illustrated books .
the other major exhibition of ‘ any miró ’ , incorporating many paintings and drawings [chosen/chose] by the fundacio joan miró but also including sculpture , ceramics , prints and illustrated books .

The exhibition has been selected by the curator of the Henry Moore Foundation , David Mitchinson and the majority of works are borrowed from that institution , with others lent by the British Council and Leeds City Art Gallery .
the exhibition has been [chosen/chose] by the curator of the henry moore foundation , david mitchinson and the majority of works are borrowed from that institution , with others lent by the british council and leeds city art gallery .

With a major international touring survey of Robert Ryman 's white paintings , the exacting connoisseur of Minimalism may wish to consider the following acquisitions , selected to suit both minimalist and maximalist wallets :
with a major international touring survey of robert ryman 's white paintings , the exacting connoisseur of minimalism may wish to consider the following acquisitions , [chosen/chose] to suit both minimalist and maximalist wallets :

The collector then donated them to three American museums : the Museum of Modern Art had first choice , and took forty-three ; the Art Institute of Chicago then selected thirty-eight ; and the rest went to the Denver Art Museum .
the collector then donated them to three american museums : the museum of modern art had first choice , and took forty-three ; the art institute of chicago then [chosen/chose] thirty-eight ; and the rest went to the denver art museum .

In addition to the objects found on Eurasian territory , Ortiz has selected antiquities originally acquired by the Czars or that entered museums through private donation or confiscation — the basis of the Greek and Roman collections of the Hermitage and Pushkin , their Etruscan and Byzantine collections and the Egyptian sections of both museums and elsewhere .
in addition to the objects found on eurasian territory , ortiz has [chosen/chose] antiquities originally acquired by the czars or that entered museums through private donation or confiscation — the basis of the greek and roman collections of the hermitage and pushkin , their etruscan and byzantine collections and the egyptian sections of both museums and elsewhere .

Its title is ‘ Out of Sight Out of Mind ’ ( 14 February-20 March ) , and director Nicholas Logsdail has selected fifty artists to illustrate his theme .
its title is ‘ out of sight out of mind ’ ( 14 february-20 march ) , and director nicholas logsdail has [chosen/chose] fifty artists to illustrate his theme .

The one he selected , instantly burst into life and the propeller whizzed round to the utter amazement of all those working in the vicinity .
the one he [chosen/chose] , instantly burst into life and the propeller whizzed round to the utter amazement of all those working in the vicinity .

As a trial , two-tier grades for selected routes will be published as an appendix in the forthcoming Glen Coe guide which should be published in the spring .
as a trial , two-tier grades for [chosen/chose] routes will be published as an appendix in the forthcoming glen coe guide which should be published in the spring .

The course contains analysis and practice of advanced grammar points ; reading and discussion material selected from a wide range of sources , including 19th and 20th century literature ; and extensive vocabulary work , focusing on the appropriate use of idiomatic expressions and subtle differences in meaning .
the course contains analysis and practice of advanced grammar points ; reading and discussion material [chosen/chose] from a wide range of sources , including 19th and 20th century literature ; and extensive vocabulary work , focusing on the appropriate use of idiomatic expressions and subtle differences in meaning .

4,500 encyclopedic entries on people , places , politics and current affairs , literature , science and technology , history and geography , the arts , religion , linguistics , sports , and many other fields , selected for their appropriateness to the study of British and American life , culture and institutions .
4,500 encyclopedic entries on people , places , politics and current affairs , literature , science and technology , history and geography , the arts , religion , linguistics , sports , and many other fields , [chosen/chose] for their appropriateness to the study of british and american life , culture and institutions .

The reading texts have been carefully selected from a variety of sources such as newspapers , magazines , and short stories — and are graded where appropriate .
the reading texts have been carefully [chosen/chose] from a variety of sources such as newspapers , magazines , and short stories — and are graded where appropriate .

These original stories , by various authors , have been selected for their strong narrative content .
these original stories , by various authors , have been [chosen/chose] for their strong narrative content .

Children like to listen to stories as well as read them , and so selected titles from each level are also available on cassette .
children like to listen to stories as well as read them , and so [chosen/chose] titles from each level are also available on cassette .

Selected titles in Grades 1–4 have been made up into sturdy Reader Packs , each containing a Reader , a Cassette , and Notes for the Parent/Teacher in English , Italian , Spanish , Arabic , Greek , Japanese , and Portuguese .
[chosen/chose] titles in grades 1–4 have been made up into sturdy reader packs , each containing a reader , a cassette , and notes for the parent/teacher in english , italian , spanish , arabic , greek , japanese , and portuguese .

If speed 3 is selected it literally blows the water out from the spray bar and would turn the vat contents over at least 12 times an hour .
if speed 3 is [chosen/chose] it literally blows the water out from the spray bar and would turn the vat contents over at least 12 times an hour .

Generally , children are already selected for their communication ability , but although Hegarty , Pocklington and Lucas are optimistic about the provision they describe , it is clear that in language and interaction there are problems .
generally , children are already [chosen/chose] for their communication ability , but although hegarty , pocklington and lucas are optimistic about the provision they describe , it is clear that in language and interaction there are problems .

In early 1986 the Research and Statistics branch of the Inner London Education Authority presented a study which had taken three and a half years to compile , based upon the schoolwork of 2000 pupils in 50 randomly selected primary schools .
in early 1986 the research and statistics branch of the inner london education authority presented a study which had taken three and a half years to compile , based upon the schoolwork of 2000 pupils in 50 randomly [chosen/chose] primary schools .

In either case , there will eventually be a need for the consideration of the kinds of human operators required and how they are to be selected and trained .
in either case , there will eventually be a need for the consideration of the kinds of human operators required and how they are to be [chosen/chose] and trained .

An optimum path can be selected and other activities adjusted to phase in with those on this ‘ critical path ’ .
an optimum path can be [chosen/chose] and other activities adjusted to phase in with those on this ‘ critical path ’ .

Nevertheless , the relevant action remains important and the knowledge provided should be carefully and stringently selected .
nevertheless , the relevant action remains important and the knowledge provided should be carefully and stringently [chosen/chose] .

Historical and sociological studies of the curriculum have shown us that school subjects are not simply rationally selected for explicit educational aims but are reflections of larger social and political forces .
historical and sociological studies of the curriculum have shown us that school subjects are not simply rationally [chosen/chose] for explicit educational aims but are reflections of larger social and political forces .

But recent educational research initiated , or selected as deserving attention , by policy makers rarely allows for ethnic or gender issues to be placed within a social class context .
but recent educational research initiated , or [chosen/chose] as deserving attention , by policy makers rarely allows for ethnic or gender issues to be placed within a social class context .

He was able to show a reduction in the variance of some selected indicators of convergence ( as measured by the standard deviation ) at higher levels of industrialisation .
he was able to show a reduction in the variance of some [chosen/chose] indicators of convergence ( as measured by the standard deviation ) at higher levels of industrialisation .

Once the countries to be compared have been selected , much of the analysis often focuses on the national level , in the form of comparative macro studies , which are sometimes extended to include industry-level comparisons .
once the countries to be compared have been [chosen/chose] , much of the analysis often focuses on the national level , in the form of comparative macro studies , which are sometimes extended to include industry-level comparisons .

He followed up his earlier limited charge of praemunire against selected churchmen with a similar charge against the whole of the English clergy , accusing them of exercising a spiritual jurisdiction that conflicted with their duty as his subjects .
he followed up his earlier limited charge of praemunire against [chosen/chose] churchmen with a similar charge against the whole of the english clergy , accusing them of exercising a spiritual jurisdiction that conflicted with their duty as his subjects .

On his instructions , the bombardment was intense but lasted less than a day , its object being to take out selected points in the enemy 's defence , rather than to destroy the Austrian trenches .
on his instructions , the bombardment was intense but lasted less than a day , its object being to take out [chosen/chose] points in the enemy 's defence , rather than to destroy the austrian trenches .

Forming the chord of this arc lay the so-called Oosttaverne Line , some 4km/2½mls in length the German trench system that had been selected as the final objective of Plumer 's attack .
forming the chord of this arc lay the so-called oosttaverne line , some 4km/2½mls in length the german trench system that had been [chosen/chose] as the final objective of plumer 's attack .

Haig selected the Canadians to achieve his ultimate aim : the capture of Passchendaele and Mosselmarkt and the ridge beyond .
haig [chosen/chose] the canadians to achieve his ultimate aim : the capture of passchendaele and mosselmarkt and the ridge beyond .

most important , the books selected must be those which children enjoy .
most important , the books [chosen/chose] must be those which children enjoy .

Each competitor was to speak for approximately four minutes on a topic that had been chosen from a master list selected by the steering group .
each competitor was to speak for approximately four minutes on a topic that had been chosen from a master list [chosen/chose] by the steering group .

Once the landing points had been selected , the navies had to escort the assault troops ' ships to their dropping zones , sweeping mine-free passages for both LSIs and assault craft .
once the landing points had been [chosen/chose] , the navies had to escort the assault troops ' ships to their dropping zones , sweeping mine-free passages for both lsis and assault craft .

When Jesus began his public ministry he made his manifesto the prophecy of Isaiah 61:1–2 which he selected and read in the synagogue at Nazareth ( Luke 4:18 , 19 ) :
when jesus began his public ministry he made his manifesto the prophecy of isaiah 61:1–2 which he [chosen/chose] and read in the synagogue at nazareth ( luke 4:18 , 19 ) :

The best ingredients of each culture are selected which most express his values and purposes for humankind .
the best ingredients of each culture are [chosen/chose] which most express his values and purposes for humankind .

From time to time draw up a questionnaire on some aspect of Christian truth or church life or community concerns and use those in contact with different segments of the congregation to interview selected individuals in order to sample opinion and collect suggestions .
from time to time draw up a questionnaire on some aspect of christian truth or church life or community concerns and use those in contact with different segments of the congregation to interview [chosen/chose] individuals in order to sample opinion and collect suggestions .

But with , say , twelve to twenty people , a highly interesting combination can be selected and by a little judicious manoeuvring the different elements set to interact .
but with , say , twelve to twenty people , a highly interesting combination can be [chosen/chose] and by a little judicious manoeuvring the different elements set to interact .

It is not believable that a Protestant residential street would have been selected nor is there any instance of such an occurrence on any other occasion .
it is not believable that a protestant residential street would have been [chosen/chose] nor is there any instance of such an occurrence on any other occasion .

It was placed a little further forward along the wall of the building than would have been selected by a novice and apparently with a knowledge of the positions of the interior walls .
it was placed a little further forward along the wall of the building than would have been [chosen/chose] by a novice and apparently with a knowledge of the positions of the interior walls .

The Whitechapel Art Gallery London is intent on rectifying this , and the current exhibition Juan Gris , selected by Professor Christopher Green of the Courtauld Institute , collects for the first time many of the artist 's best works .
the whitechapel art gallery london is intent on rectifying this , and the current exhibition juan gris , [chosen/chose] by professor christopher green of the courtauld institute , collects for the first time many of the artist 's best works .

The Tate Gallery has announced the shortlist selected for the coveted £20,000 Turner Prize , and the winner will be announced in November 24 , 1992 .
the tate gallery has announced the shortlist [chosen/chose] for the coveted £20,000 turner prize , and the winner will be announced in november 24 , 1992 .

Extended Language Modules 2001–4500 next most common lemmata in selected languages .
extended language modules 2001–4500 next most common lemmata in [chosen/chose] languages .

Once alone , she went to her closet and selected a gown of dark-blue brocade , its hem and wide neckline trimmed with white fur .
once alone , she went to her closet and [chosen/chose] a gown of dark-blue brocade , its hem and wide neckline trimmed with white fur .

The ‘ boards ’ or stiff covers , with the selected covering material , are made up separately .
the ‘ boards ’ or stiff covers , with the [chosen/chose] covering material , are made up separately .

But it is not as bad as it seems , and it is fairly typical for any dozen books selected at random .
but it is not as bad as it seems , and it is fairly typical for any dozen books [chosen/chose] at random .

The third example in our selected group , if the case is proven , must be reckoned the most precious .
the third example in our [chosen/chose] group , if the case is proven , must be reckoned the most precious .

Titles stocked are selected to develop themselves on the morning and evening sermons .
titles stocked are [chosen/chose] to develop themselves on the morning and evening sermons .

‘ Individual ’ ideal types refer to theoretically selected , distinct , unique ( that is , individual ) classes of phenomena , such as the concepts of bureaucracy , capitalism , and the state .
‘ individual ’ ideal types refer to theoretically [chosen/chose] , distinct , unique ( that is , individual ) classes of phenomena , such as the concepts of bureaucracy , capitalism , and the state .

Top administrators in many countries are also selected on the basis of educational credentials which are not apparently ‘ relevant ’ for the tasks they are to perform but which serve chiefly to exclude more uncouth potential rivals .
top administrators in many countries are also [chosen/chose] on the basis of educational credentials which are not apparently ‘ relevant ’ for the tasks they are to perform but which serve chiefly to exclude more uncouth potential rivals .

Elite cadres are selected by their predecessors from the same educational institutions : the old boy network ( Sedgemore , 1980 ; Benn , 1981 ) .
elite cadres are [chosen/chose] by their predecessors from the same educational institutions : the old boy network ( sedgemore , 1980 ; benn , 1981 ) .

Civil servants in an advanced industrial state are meritocratically selected ( Therborn , 1978 ) even though their tasks are to plan in the long-run interests of capitalism .
civil servants in an advanced industrial state are meritocratically [chosen/chose] ( therborn , 1978 ) even though their tasks are to plan in the long-run interests of capitalism .

Distinctions exist both in the kinds of problems that are selected for study and in the manner in which they are tackled .
distinctions exist both in the kinds of problems that are [chosen/chose] for study and in the manner in which they are tackled .

Witchcraft and sorcery accusations , then , are often selected as the most effective and appropriate means of destroying relationships and discrediting rivals in a thoroughly nasty way .
witchcraft and sorcery accusations , then , are often [chosen/chose] as the most effective and appropriate means of destroying relationships and discrediting rivals in a thoroughly nasty way .

Furthermore , to pursue this metaphor , having selected a particular spiritual decor and furnishings , those who live in it come to be influenced by its stylistic and symbolic properties as well as its more obvious functional or utilitarian appropriateness .
furthermore , to pursue this metaphor , having [chosen/chose] a particular spiritual decor and furnishings , those who live in it come to be influenced by its stylistic and symbolic properties as well as its more obvious functional or utilitarian appropriateness .

Yet whatever the actual characteristics imputed to the mystical powers selected , seemingly arbitrary , for a given role , most religions appear to possess two complementary categories .
yet whatever the actual characteristics imputed to the mystical powers [chosen/chose] , seemingly arbitrary , for a given role , most religions appear to possess two complementary categories .

In the version drawn in 1921 by Sir Arnold Plant ( then a student at the School ) , the beaver was selected to symbolize the School because ‘ it was understood to be an industrious animal with social habits ’ .
in the version drawn in 1921 by sir arnold plant ( then a student at the school ) , the beaver was [chosen/chose] to symbolize the school because ‘ it was understood to be an industrious animal with social habits ’ .

But on closer examination it can usually be found that they have used very selected samples that are not representative of sexual offenders as a whole .
but on closer examination it can usually be found that they have used very [chosen/chose] samples that are not representative of sexual offenders as a whole .

This examination of the range and extent of sex crime reporting shows both how pervasive sexual violence has become as a news item , and also how only a very small number of cases are selected as being ‘ newsworthy ’ .
this examination of the range and extent of sex crime reporting shows both how pervasive sexual violence has become as a news item , and also how only a very small number of cases are [chosen/chose] as being ‘ newsworthy ’ .

Sex crime is both common , and yet the cases are highly selected .
sex crime is both common , and yet the cases are highly [chosen/chose] .

All were selected by national coaches and all are currently ranked high up in the 16 and 14 and under categories .
all were [chosen/chose] by national coaches and all are currently ranked high up in the 16 and 14 and under categories .

It 's the trend which has seen Martina Navratilova arrange her playing schedule around selected tournaments compatible with her receiving minimal strain on her knees and back .
it 's the trend which has seen martina navratilova arrange her playing schedule around [chosen/chose] tournaments compatible with her receiving minimal strain on her knees and back .

The Grand Prix Cushion surface layers are blends of acrylic resins , rubber granules and other selected additives .
the grand prix cushion surface layers are blends of acrylic resins , rubber granules and other [chosen/chose] additives .

However , he has not been selected to play in the Olympics this year .
however , he has not been [chosen/chose] to play in the olympics this year .

This year , once again , Mace is fortunate to be able to call on the services of Richard Lewis , National Director of Training at the Lawn Tennis Association , who will oversee the 12 selected tennis enthusiasts on the courts of Eton school , where the youngsters will reside during the week of 19th–25th July .
this year , once again , mace is fortunate to be able to call on the services of richard lewis , national director of training at the lawn tennis association , who will oversee the 12 [chosen/chose] tennis enthusiasts on the courts of eton school , where the youngsters will reside during the week of 19th–25th july .

She first represented her country when she was just 15 and only last month , Tennis Ireland selected her for her fourth international match , which was played in Italy at Easter .
she first represented her country when she was just 15 and only last month , tennis ireland [chosen/chose] her for her fourth international match , which was played in italy at easter .

Hospitality comprises a champagne reception , carefully chosen four-course lunch with selected fine wines , traditional English afternoon tea and not forgetting strawberries and cream .
hospitality comprises a champagne reception , carefully chosen four-course lunch with [chosen/chose] fine wines , traditional english afternoon tea and not forgetting strawberries and cream .

Even when she has selected a place and a time , the female cuckoo has still got the problem of introducing her egg into the host 's nest in such a way that it wo n't be rejected .
even when she has [chosen/chose] a place and a time , the female cuckoo has still got the problem of introducing her egg into the host 's nest in such a way that it wo n't be rejected .

Stems for fishing are usually selected from nearby vegetation ; they are generally about 1 cm ( ½ in ) across and 65 cm ( 26 in ) long .
stems for fishing are usually [chosen/chose] from nearby vegetation ; they are generally about 1 cm ( ½ in ) across and 65 cm ( 26 in ) long .

’ Fusarri whipped his plate to one side , swallowed a red capsule and selected a fresh packet of cigarettes from his case .
’ fusarri whipped his plate to one side , swallowed a red capsule and [chosen/chose] a fresh packet of cigarettes from his case .

Captain … ’ He selected a fresh cigar and sat back .
captain … ’ he [chosen/chose] a fresh cigar and sat back .

‘ Citizen advocacy ’ is a voluntary movement where coordinating staff train selected volunteers to represent the interests of specific individuals , and ‘ legal advocacy ’ is a specialized legal service directed at ensuring individuals exercise or defend their legal rights .
‘ citizen advocacy ’ is a voluntary movement where coordinating staff train [chosen/chose] volunteers to represent the interests of specific individuals , and ‘ legal advocacy ’ is a specialized legal service directed at ensuring individuals exercise or defend their legal rights .

The builder will subsequently be instructed by the architect to place an order with the firm selected and enter into a formal sub-contract agreement .
the builder will subsequently be instructed by the architect to place an order with the firm [chosen/chose] and enter into a formal sub-contract agreement .

Local rainfall variations in hilly areas can also be significant and potential sites should be selected with care after discussion with local people or local weather experts .
local rainfall variations in hilly areas can also be significant and potential sites should be [chosen/chose] with care after discussion with local people or local weather experts .

’ One member of the party is selected as the defendant : he is told the outline of an alibi defence and has to fill in the details impromptu under questioning .
’ one member of the party is [chosen/chose] as the defendant : he is told the outline of an alibi defence and has to fill in the details impromptu under questioning .

The power that had selected him to fulfil the prophecy .
the power that had [chosen/chose] him to fulfil the prophecy .

For a small fee , usually a week 's tuck allowance , she would duff up any victim selected .
for a small fee , usually a week 's tuck allowance , she would duff up any victim [chosen/chose] .

As is the case in most languages which have a gender category , the masculine form is the unmarked form in Arabic and is therefore normally selected in most advertisements , leaflets , and in wording general instructions .
as is the case in most languages which have a gender category , the masculine form is the unmarked form in arabic and is therefore normally [chosen/chose] in most advertisements , leaflets , and in wording general instructions .

Another factor which makes the extract easier to process if ( 2c ) is selected is that sentences ( 2c ) and ( 3 ) both start with an element that has already been established before presenting new information .
another factor which makes the extract easier to process if ( 2c ) is [chosen/chose] is that sentences ( 2c ) and ( 3 ) both start with an element that has already been established before presenting new information .

Back-translation of selected extracts from pages 527–31 in Arabic version :
back-translation of [chosen/chose] extracts from pages 527–31 in arabic version :

( Labov 1981 : 5 ) The six neighbourhoods were selected to give a broad coverage of the major class and ethnic groups in the city — working-class Italian , Irish and Puerto-Rican ; middle-class Catholic ; working- and middle-class black and white .
( labov 1981 : 5 ) the six neighbourhoods were [chosen/chose] to give a broad coverage of the major class and ethnic groups in the city — working-class italian , irish and puerto-rican ; middle-class catholic ; working- and middle-class black and white .

The topics of the modules are selected using two criteria .
the topics of the modules are [chosen/chose] using two criteria .

The fieldworker on any given occasion selects modules from a larger set in order to construct a conversational network appropriate to a given speaker ; figure 4.1 shows a typical network selected for an adolescent or young adult in Philadelphia .
the fieldworker on any given occasion selects modules from a larger set in order to construct a conversational network appropriate to a given speaker ; figure 4.1 shows a typical network [chosen/chose] for an adolescent or young adult in philadelphia .

The aim of the neighbourhood studies was to obtain in-depth information , both linguistic and social , from a number of selected communities .
the aim of the neighbourhood studies was to obtain in-depth information , both linguistic and social , from a number of [chosen/chose] communities .

The identification of these interrelationships between the areas is well motivated ; for when Belfast people change their place of residence , for whatever reason , there is a strong likelihood that the new location will be selected in accordance with a highly predictable set of urban sectoral preferences .
the identification of these interrelationships between the areas is well motivated ; for when belfast people change their place of residence , for whatever reason , there is a strong likelihood that the new location will be [chosen/chose] in accordance with a highly predictable set of urban sectoral preferences .

For example a bilingual fieldworker acceptable to an Asian community in Britain would probably need to be selected carefully for a range of characteristics such as religion , geographical provenance , or political affiliation , all of which are associated with a distinctive ethnicity .
for example a bilingual fieldworker acceptable to an asian community in britain would probably need to be [chosen/chose] carefully for a range of characteristics such as religion , geographical provenance , or political affiliation , all of which are associated with a distinctive ethnicity .

The civil disturbances had given rise to a number of population movements within the urban area , with the result that many randomly selected households were burnt down , boarded up , or derelict .
the civil disturbances had given rise to a number of population movements within the urban area , with the result that many randomly [chosen/chose] households were burnt down , boarded up , or derelict .

The hinterland area selected for study ( see Pitts 1983 , 1985 for details ) was Lurgan , a small rural town in the Lagan Valley , 17 miles south-west of Belfast and outside the urban overspill area ( see map 4.2 ) .
the hinterland area [chosen/chose] for study ( see pitts 1983 , 1985 for details ) was lurgan , a small rural town in the lagan valley , 17 miles south-west of belfast and outside the urban overspill area ( see map 4.2 ) .

While it is quite possible that a different range of indicators might have served equally well in this setting as surface markers of an underlying variable of social integration , this particular set was selected in response to two methodological criteria .
while it is quite possible that a different range of indicators might have served equally well in this setting as surface markers of an underlying variable of social integration , this particular set was [chosen/chose] in response to two methodological criteria .

It is clear that the indicators selected in Belfast are not necessarily relevant ( or even usable ) in all types of community where the language/network relationship is of interest .
it is clear that the indicators [chosen/chose] in belfast are not necessarily relevant ( or even usable ) in all types of community where the language/network relationship is of interest .

This issue will be explored further in 5.7.4 , where other sociolinguistic studies , which have selected different indicators , are considered .
this issue will be explored further in 5.7.4 , where other sociolinguistic studies , which have [chosen/chose] different indicators , are considered .

The limitations and advantages of the selected procedure need to be understood , and the purpose of the analysis carefully specified .
the limitations and advantages of the [chosen/chose] procedure need to be understood , and the purpose of the analysis carefully specified .

These verbs had been selected in groups of three from four categories : dynamic verbs of activity ; dynamic momentary verbs ; stative verbs of inert perception ; and stative relational verbs .
these verbs had been [chosen/chose] in groups of three from four categories : dynamic verbs of activity ; dynamic momentary verbs ; stative verbs of inert perception ; and stative relational verbs .

The same is true for the distribution of relative clauses , where we ca n't yet define the set of possible choices that the relative is selected from .
the same is true for the distribution of relative clauses , where we ca n't yet define the set of possible choices that the relative is [chosen/chose] from .

He could n't ever have met him or else he 'd have recognised the calibre of the victim he had selected .
he could n't ever have met him or else he 'd have recognised the calibre of the victim he had [chosen/chose] .

After 1945 , the committee was allowed to divide itself into subcommittees , it gave up scrutinizing the estimates in detail and began to look at the way money was being spent in selected fields and how far government policy was being achieved .
after 1945 , the committee was allowed to divide itself into subcommittees , it gave up scrutinizing the estimates in detail and began to look at the way money was being spent in [chosen/chose] fields and how far government policy was being achieved .

With very few exceptions , judges are required to be selected from amongst practising barristers and it is difficult for anyone without a private income to survive the first years of practice .
with very few exceptions , judges are required to be [chosen/chose] from amongst practising barristers and it is difficult for anyone without a private income to survive the first years of practice .

Royal Commissions are appointed by the Crown to enquire into selected matters of concern .
royal commissions are appointed by the crown to enquire into [chosen/chose] matters of concern .

It is therefore clear that as a result of the statutory machinery an individual can have a substantial measure of control over his own working life compulsorily delegated to an agent , a trade union , which he has not selected and may even have his own contract of service varied without his consent .
it is therefore clear that as a result of the statutory machinery an individual can have a substantial measure of control over his own working life compulsorily delegated to an agent , a trade union , which he has not [chosen/chose] and may even have his own contract of service varied without his consent .

Editorial decisions are backed by extensive market research , and manuscripts selected and edited according to ‘ whether the story lives up to the high standards that Mills and Boon readers have set for us … we ca n't please every one of our readers all the time , but it is n't for want of trying !
editorial decisions are backed by extensive market research , and manuscripts [chosen/chose] and edited according to ‘ whether the story lives up to the high standards that mills and boon readers have set for us … we ca n't please every one of our readers all the time , but it is n't for want of trying !

It was Marcus Judge who had created the Brotherhood and selected likely candidates for it , and it was Marcus Judge who decided upon punishment when a man 's work was unsatisfactory , when he was guilty of negligence , dishonesty or — worst crime of all — treachery .
it was marcus judge who had created the brotherhood and [chosen/chose] likely candidates for it , and it was marcus judge who decided upon punishment when a man 's work was unsatisfactory , when he was guilty of negligence , dishonesty or — worst crime of all — treachery .

Table 5.3 Dates of reaching certain percentages of population above age 65 in selected countries
table 5.3 dates of reaching certain percentages of population above age 65 in [chosen/chose] countries

Figure 7.5 Births in current marriage to women aged 40–44 by selected socioeconomic variables , Great Britain , 1977
figure 7.5 births in current marriage to women aged 40–44 by [chosen/chose] socioeconomic variables , great britain , 1977

Table 10.3 Simulated annual earnings at selected ages for an illustrative case
table 10.3 simulated annual earnings at [chosen/chose] ages for an illustrative case

Thus , in addition to the general process in which the market registers people 's choices and these feed back into selected or discontinued types of production , there is an evident pressure , at or before the point of production , to reduce costs : either by improving the technical means of reproduction , or by altering the nature of the work or pressing it into other forms .
thus , in addition to the general process in which the market registers people 's choices and these feed back into [chosen/chose] or discontinued types of production , there is an evident pressure , at or before the point of production , to reduce costs : either by improving the technical means of reproduction , or by altering the nature of the work or pressing it into other forms .

Items within each of these are pre-selected for massive reproduction , and though this may often still fail the general effect is of a relatively formed market , within which the buyer 's choice — the original rationale of the market — has been displaced to operate , in majority , within an already selected range .
items within each of these are pre-selected for massive reproduction , and though this may often still fail the general effect is of a relatively formed market , within which the buyer 's choice — the original rationale of the market — has been displaced to operate , in majority , within an already [chosen/chose] range .

In sophisticated market planning , a certain type of work can be selected at so early a stage , on the basis of a few examples or of some calculated or projected demand , that production , from that stage , no longer originates with the primary producer but is commissioned from him .
in sophisticated market planning , a certain type of work can be [chosen/chose] at so early a stage , on the basis of a few examples or of some calculated or projected demand , that production , from that stage , no longer originates with the primary producer but is commissioned from him .

It is that within the practices thus selected and grouped there is a common further delimitation , by value or by presumed value .
it is that within the practices thus [chosen/chose] and grouped there is a common further delimitation , by value or by presumed value .

The paper selected was almost inevitably the Sunday Telegraph , which had displayed a greater sympathy for the Biafran cause than most .
the paper [chosen/chose] was almost inevitably the sunday telegraph , which had displayed a greater sympathy for the biafran cause than most .

In areas of population pressure a further rationale has been to ‘ write off ’ certain selected villages from a preservationist point of view and sacrifice them to expansion so that surrounding villages may remain ‘ unspoilt ’ .
in areas of population pressure a further rationale has been to ‘ write off ’ certain [chosen/chose] villages from a preservationist point of view and sacrifice them to expansion so that surrounding villages may remain ‘ unspoilt ’ .

Adam then selected a very expensive make-up brush , intended to apply blusher , and started carefully to brush Miranda 's tuft in a circular motion .
adam then [chosen/chose] a very expensive make-up brush , intended to apply blusher , and started carefully to brush miranda 's tuft in a circular motion .

It is however clear that whatever percentage holding is regarded as indicating minority control , the figure selected will be somewhat arbitrary .
it is however clear that whatever percentage holding is regarded as indicating minority control , the figure [chosen/chose] will be somewhat arbitrary .

She waited with her buttocks bared like a naughty girl , while he selected an instrument of corporal punishment .
she waited with her buttocks bared like a naughty girl , while he [chosen/chose] an instrument of corporal punishment .

As she held him vice-like inside her , she selected a nine-inch vibrator from his box of toys .
as she held him vice-like inside her , she [chosen/chose] a nine-inch vibrator from his box of toys .

If not , a different prime number should be selected and the process repeated .
if not , a different prime number should be [chosen/chose] and the process repeated .

It is often not convenient to square a large integer so a selected part of the key may be squared instead .
it is often not convenient to square a large integer so a [chosen/chose] part of the key may be squared instead .

Seventeen random numbers in the range 000 to 200 ( representing the record keys ) can be selected by choosing the first numbers within the required range occurring in a random number table .
seventeen random numbers in the range 000 to 200 ( representing the record keys ) can be [chosen/chose] by choosing the first numbers within the required range occurring in a random number table .

The reader may care to confirm that , if the third and fourth digits are selected instead , there will be eight synonyms .
the reader may care to confirm that , if the third and fourth digits are [chosen/chose] instead , there will be eight synonyms .

After an algorithm has been selected , it is wise to ensure that it will be successful before using it in a program .
after an algorithm has been [chosen/chose] , it is wise to ensure that it will be successful before using it in a program .

The access times considered in this chapter have been simply the time taken to position the device access mechanism to read or write a selected record .
the access times considered in this chapter have been simply the time taken to position the device access mechanism to read or write a [chosen/chose] record .

When records are to be selected on the basis of the state of one or more attributes , a serial search concentrates on the records , examining each in turn to see if it meets the specified conditions of the search .
when records are to be [chosen/chose] on the basis of the state of one or more attributes , a serial search concentrates on the records , examining each in turn to see if it meets the specified conditions of the search .

To escort Delia Sutherland to the main harbour he selected a navy pinstriped suit with matching waistcoat .
to escort delia sutherland to the main harbour he [chosen/chose] a navy pinstriped suit with matching waistcoat .

In brief , the actual Westminster model is that of authoritarian single-party governments in a House of Commons dominated by the Prime Minister and composed largely of disciplined parties with most votes in the House of Commons being highly predictable ; every three or four years there is a general election held under a crude simple majority electoral system with minimal participation by the electorate in the choice of who shall be their candidate , though they do have the choice between the candidates who are selected by the party activists ; between 20 % , and 30 % of the electorate do not vote at all .
in brief , the actual westminster model is that of authoritarian single-party governments in a house of commons dominated by the prime minister and composed largely of disciplined parties with most votes in the house of commons being highly predictable ; every three or four years there is a general election held under a crude simple majority electoral system with minimal participation by the electorate in the choice of who shall be their candidate , though they do have the choice between the candidates who are [chosen/chose] by the party activists ; between 20 % , and 30 % of the electorate do not vote at all .

They often include a coupler which simulates the use of the pedals by isolating the lowest note being played on the manual and doubling it to the pedal register , using whichever pedal stops have been selected .
they often include a coupler which simulates the use of the pedals by isolating the lowest note being played on the manual and doubling it to the pedal register , using whichever pedal stops have been [chosen/chose] .

When the delegation for London was selected , Aung San was automatically leader .
when the delegation for london was [chosen/chose] , aung san was automatically leader .

The most probably explanation is that Chang discovered that the man he had previously selected to head the Dong Minh Hoi , Nguyen Hai Thanh , was ineffective : and argued that a now chastened Ho Chi Minh would be more inspiring while still following the Chinese line .
the most probably explanation is that chang discovered that the man he had previously [chosen/chose] to head the dong minh hoi , nguyen hai thanh , was ineffective : and argued that a now chastened ho chi minh would be more inspiring while still following the chinese line .

The Governor ( 1947 — 9 ) , Sir Gerald Creasey , who was a Whitehall official , lacked a sure touch ; despite the Watson Commission 's comments on chiefly authority he selected a group strongly representative of the chiefs and their allies .
the governor ( 1947 — 9 ) , sir gerald creasey , who was a whitehall official , lacked a sure touch ; despite the watson commission 's comments on chiefly authority he [chosen/chose] a group strongly representative of the chiefs and their allies .

There was keen competition to obtain the Cpp ticket , and many would-be candidates not selected stood as ‘ rebels ’ : altogether there were 323 candidates for the 104 seats .
there was keen competition to obtain the cpp ticket , and many would-be candidates not [chosen/chose] stood as ‘ rebels ’ : altogether there were 323 candidates for the 104 seats .

Wardhaugh 's ( 1986 : 175–7 ) reference to the Belfast research , for example , appears to suggest that the whole thing was undertaken as an investigation of social network and the linguistic variables selected specifically for the purpose of demonstrating network patterns quantitatively .
wardhaugh 's ( 1986 : 175–7 ) reference to the belfast research , for example , appears to suggest that the whole thing was undertaken as an investigation of social network and the linguistic variables [chosen/chose] specifically for the purpose of demonstrating network patterns quantitatively .

Therefore , as it takes a considerable amount of time to scan the tapes looking for rarely occurring variants , we have selected one particular variable of this kind , which we call meat/mate , and have studied this quantitatively outside the main projects in a different way .
therefore , as it takes a considerable amount of time to scan the tapes looking for rarely occurring variants , we have [chosen/chose] one particular variable of this kind , which we call meat/mate , and have studied this quantitatively outside the main projects in a different way .

However , it may happen that particular variables selected for analysis turn out to be especially markers of one of these functions rather than another : one variable may be chiefly a close-tie network marker and another a marker of gender-differentiation .
however , it may happen that particular variables [chosen/chose] for analysis turn out to be especially markers of one of these functions rather than another : one variable may be chiefly a close-tie network marker and another a marker of gender-differentiation .

In our second project , we selected our two outer-city areas rather carefully .
in our second project , we [chosen/chose] our two outer-city areas rather carefully .

Each executive selected an episode that he wished to redesign so that it would not have negative consequences .
each executive [chosen/chose] an episode that he wished to redesign so that it would not have negative consequences .

Studies have consistently shown a relationship between this variable and selected macro-economic outcomes such as the levels of unemployment and inflation ( Clegg et al .
studies have consistently shown a relationship between this variable and [chosen/chose] macro-economic outcomes such as the levels of unemployment and inflation ( clegg et al .

The subject is now surrounded by a multitude of objects from which only a few can be selected and invested with a sense of self , but Simmel argues that : ‘ our freedom is crippled if we deal with objects that our ego can not assimilate ’ ( 1978 : 462 ) .
the subject is now surrounded by a multitude of objects from which only a few can be [chosen/chose] and invested with a sense of self , but simmel argues that : ‘ our freedom is crippled if we deal with objects that our ego can not assimilate ’ ( 1978 : 462 ) .

The subject continues to invest itself in cultural forms , identifying , for example , with sports , cinema , clothing , a political line , or certain relationships ; but such is the scale of modern society that the same individual may become absurdly overextended into essentially superficial relationships , none of which augments his or her being , and yet simultaneously , may have nothing at all in common with another overextended individual who has selected entirely different areas of the surrounding culture .
the subject continues to invest itself in cultural forms , identifying , for example , with sports , cinema , clothing , a political line , or certain relationships ; but such is the scale of modern society that the same individual may become absurdly overextended into essentially superficial relationships , none of which augments his or her being , and yet simultaneously , may have nothing at all in common with another overextended individual who has [chosen/chose] entirely different areas of the surrounding culture .

In most cases a single example of the relationships between the object and a given contextual domain has been selected for illustrative purposes , although it will be obvious that there is a vast number of alternative relevant instances .
in most cases a single example of the relationships between the object and a given contextual domain has been [chosen/chose] for illustrative purposes , although it will be obvious that there is a vast number of alternative relevant instances .

The analysis undertaken is not of goods in general , but of those selected as the most ‘ cherished ’ possessions by the informants .
the analysis undertaken is not of goods in general , but of those [chosen/chose] as the most ‘ cherished ’ possessions by the informants .

Kondratiev 's basic proposition was that the advanced capitalist economies as a whole ( although he concentrated on a selected few only ) go through cycles of booms and slumps in a regular pattern .
kondratiev 's basic proposition was that the advanced capitalist economies as a whole ( although he concentrated on a [chosen/chose] few only ) go through cycles of booms and slumps in a regular pattern .

The most effective and efficient programmes are selected , integrated into a comprehensive programme , and implemented .
the most effective and efficient programmes are [chosen/chose] , integrated into a comprehensive programme , and implemented .

Holcomb , Kodras and Brunn ( 1990 ) selected 26 variables representing various aspects of women 's legal rights in 49 of the 50 States ( Kansas was excluded because of incomplete data : the source was Cherow-O'Leary , 1987 ) .
holcomb , kodras and brunn ( 1990 ) [chosen/chose] 26 variables representing various aspects of women 's legal rights in 49 of the 50 states ( kansas was excluded because of incomplete data : the source was cherow-o'leary , 1987 ) .

The place of the formal legal process — prosecution — is transformed in this compliance system from the public , occasionally dramatic , but quite conventional response in a sanctioning system to a rarity reserved for a small , highly selected number of cases .
the place of the formal legal process — prosecution — is transformed in this compliance system from the public , occasionally dramatic , but quite conventional response in a sanctioning system to a rarity reserved for a small , highly [chosen/chose] number of cases .

The desire to avoid appeal may partly be a reflection of the fact that standards have been selected by resort to the convention of established — but largely unexamined — practice which may be difficult to defend in a formal arena .
the desire to avoid appeal may partly be a reflection of the fact that standards have been [chosen/chose] by resort to the convention of established — but largely unexamined — practice which may be difficult to defend in a formal arena .

For this sense of heavy to be selected , the notion of ‘ consumption ’ in the immediate environment seems to be a prerequisite .
for this sense of heavy to be [chosen/chose] , the notion of ‘ consumption ’ in the immediate environment seems to be a prerequisite .

The two types of variability are normally operative together ; that is , a selected sense is also subject to modulation by the context which forced its selection .
the two types of variability are normally operative together ; that is , a [chosen/chose] sense is also subject to modulation by the context which forced its selection .

The reason 26 is not odd is that dog has another sense , which even when maximised excludes bitches , and this is automatically selected by the context .
the reason 26 is not odd is that dog has another sense , which even when maximised excludes bitches , and this is automatically [chosen/chose] by the context .

This is because the same reading of light must be selected in each part : either both ladies are wearing ‘ undark ’ coats , or both are wearing ‘ unheavy ’ coats .
this is because the same reading of light must be [chosen/chose] in each part : either both ladies are wearing ‘ undark ’ coats , or both are wearing ‘ unheavy ’ coats .

It seems appropriate to distinguish two kinds of contextual selection , according to whether the selected sense is established or not .
it seems appropriate to distinguish two kinds of contextual selection , according to whether the [chosen/chose] sense is established or not .

Where , on the other hand , the selected sense is not established , the context acts rather as a stimulus for a productive process , namely , the activation of a set of rules or principles which ‘ generate ’ the sense in question .
where , on the other hand , the [chosen/chose] sense is not established , the context acts rather as a stimulus for a productive process , namely , the activation of a set of rules or principles which ‘ generate ’ the sense in question .

Some lexical units , even though established , are selected only in specific restricted contexts , or in contexts where the primary units would lead to abnormality .
some lexical units , even though established , are [chosen/chose] only in specific restricted contexts , or in contexts where the primary units would lead to abnormality .

The player allows search and retrieval functions to be selected by ikons or illustrations .
the player allows search and retrieval functions to be [chosen/chose] by ikons or illustrations .

So the laibon 's son from up there , up the valley past Lengai , he is a descendant of Mbatian , the great laibon , he tries to persuade Turnbull to let him take out his animal from the ones which have been selected .
so the laibon 's son from up there , up the valley past lengai , he is a descendant of mbatian , the great laibon , he tries to persuade turnbull to let him take out his animal from the ones which have been [chosen/chose] .

The National Assessment of Educational Progress — an attempt to establish the condition of the nation 's overall educational well-being by administering selected tests to carefully chosen ‘ light ’ samples of the school population .
the national assessment of educational progress — an attempt to establish the condition of the nation 's overall educational well-being by administering [chosen/chose] tests to carefully chosen ‘ light ’ samples of the school population .

The court held that the practice of making first offers of work to a selected group of people who had declared themselves available , and the practice of declaring oneself available to ensure that such offers would be made , whilst an arrangement `` of mutual advantage `` to the parties , was not one involving contractual commitments or mutual obligation .
the court held that the practice of making first offers of work to a [chosen/chose] group of people who had declared themselves available , and the practice of declaring oneself available to ensure that such offers would be made , whilst an arrangement `` of mutual advantage `` to the parties , was not one involving contractual commitments or mutual obligation .

The process is consequently one more akin to topping up the various activity boxes with water , with flows being initiated from one to another once selected levels have been achieved .
the process is consequently one more akin to topping up the various activity boxes with water , with flows being initiated from one to another once [chosen/chose] levels have been achieved .

The use of spatial domains with a wireframe model provides a means whereby entities can be selected by their relationships to chosen domains .
the use of spatial domains with a wireframe model provides a means whereby entities can be [chosen/chose] by their relationships to chosen domains .

The search can be extended to check the selected part against other assemblies .
the search can be extended to check the [chosen/chose] part against other assemblies .

To check clash , only entities in the interference zone need be selected , thus a minimum amount of data is converted , and displayed on the user 's workstation .
to check clash , only entities in the interference zone need be [chosen/chose] , thus a minimum amount of data is converted , and displayed on the user 's workstation .

It was no longer so easy to remain an island of reason when every timber surrounding us had been magically selected ; when our departure had been synchronized not with the weather , but with inner portents of another kind of time .
it was no longer so easy to remain an island of reason when every timber surrounding us had been magically [chosen/chose] ; when our departure had been synchronized not with the weather , but with inner portents of another kind of time .

If the selected topic is clearly described to you in a particular book , the other topics are likely to be equally attractive .
if the [chosen/chose] topic is clearly described to you in a particular book , the other topics are likely to be equally attractive .

Your college or lecturers may have provided you with a selected list .
your college or lecturers may have provided you with a [chosen/chose] list .

It merely means that he has selected the best presentation of the subject for your assistance .
it merely means that he has [chosen/chose] the best presentation of the subject for your assistance .

Set aside at least half-an-hour each week to study a selected number ( do n't try to read them all ) of periodicals in the college Periodicals Room .
set aside at least half-an-hour each week to study a [chosen/chose] number ( do n't try to read them all ) of periodicals in the college periodicals room .

The differences in treatment of the authors was very apparent when we found that some selected a few headings and sub-headings and others sub-divided the subject much more .
the differences in treatment of the authors was very apparent when we found that some [chosen/chose] a few headings and sub-headings and others sub-divided the subject much more .

Articles and selected books are abstracted and arranged in alphabetical order of subject .
articles and [chosen/chose] books are abstracted and arranged in alphabetical order of subject .

Each squirrel monkey has two or three pigments , selected from a total of five .
each squirrel monkey has two or three pigments , [chosen/chose] from a total of five .

During the final two-week period you will be eating a diet composed of the foods you have selected through trial and error in the preceding four weeks .
during the final two-week period you will be eating a diet composed of the foods you have [chosen/chose] through trial and error in the preceding four weeks .

With well selected video material you could make this point by starting with a `` sound only `` presentation , as Video Plan 4 in Chapter 4 does .
with well [chosen/chose] video material you could make this point by starting with a `` sound only `` presentation , as video plan 4 in chapter 4 does .

But they do have to be selected — and that takes a lot of < ff viewing time — and they do have to be edited — and that requires more time and some editing skills .
but they do have to be [chosen/chose] — and that takes a lot of < ff viewing time — and they do have to be edited — and that requires more time and some editing skills .

( a ) From your reading of the extract , why do you think that the historian has selected only these particular facts for his narrative ?
( a ) from your reading of the extract , why do you think that the historian has [chosen/chose] only these particular facts for his narrative ?

Finally , once you feel confident that you have selected the appropriate information , you can make notes and review your reading ( see next stage of strategy ) .
finally , once you feel confident that you have [chosen/chose] the appropriate information , you can make notes and review your reading ( see next stage of strategy ) .

Part of the topic or problem ( the ambition of the princes ) has been selected .
part of the topic or problem ( the ambition of the princes ) has been [chosen/chose] .

If you do not recognize that the question is implying that something has been selected , you will only answer a part and not the whole of it .
if you do not recognize that the question is implying that something has been [chosen/chose] , you will only answer a part and not the whole of it .

Would you have selected any of these pieces of information to go in the essay ?
would you have [chosen/chose] any of these pieces of information to go in the essay ?

The reader needs to be guided through the information you have selected .
the reader needs to be guided through the information you have [chosen/chose] .

Has the predator selected a particular size/shape/colour variety of dog-whelk as prey ?
has the predator [chosen/chose] a particular size/shape/colour variety of dog-whelk as prey ?

From experience , and depending on the species selected , it has been found that with these numbers of large cichlids all present in the same tank , there is not the space for any of them to be able to establish a permanent territory and fight off all invaders .
from experience , and depending on the species [chosen/chose] , it has been found that with these numbers of large cichlids all present in the same tank , there is not the space for any of them to be able to establish a permanent territory and fight off all invaders .

The training of individuals selected by the community in health , teaching and organizing skills contributes to achieving this goal .
the training of individuals [chosen/chose] by the community in health , teaching and organizing skills contributes to achieving this goal .

And so these three densely packed , formative years passed , preparing these three highly selected young women for their respective careers .
and so these three densely packed , formative years passed , preparing these three highly [chosen/chose] young women for their respective careers .

Yet there are others , on the fringes of power , who see him quite often at meetings of the government , at the very few moments when he shows himself to carefully selected groups of people , or when he travels from place to place .
yet there are others , on the fringes of power , who see him quite often at meetings of the government , at the very few moments when he shows himself to carefully [chosen/chose] groups of people , or when he travels from place to place .

The above examples of culturally defined behaviour have been selected because they differ considerably from behaviour patterns in Western society .
the above examples of culturally defined behaviour have been [chosen/chose] because they differ considerably from behaviour patterns in western society .

Gaston and Mound offer sensible advice : concentrate our forces on selected groups .
gaston and mound offer sensible advice : concentrate our forces on [chosen/chose] groups .

What they omit to mention is that substantial progress is now being made in doing exactly this , the production of master inventories for selected groups .
what they omit to mention is that substantial progress is now being made in doing exactly this , the production of master inventories for [chosen/chose] groups .

Norbert Wu is a marine naturalist , author and photographer currently working out of San Diego . In 1986 deep-sea researcher Jacques Cousteau selected him as the still photographer for the research ship Calypso
norbert wu is a marine naturalist , author and photographer currently working out of san diego . in 1986 deep-sea researcher jacques cousteau [chosen/chose] him as the still photographer for the research ship calypso

The selected settlement strategies proposed by local planners , discussed below in chapter 7 , have also reinforced the concentration of resources and new development in a small number of key settlements .
the [chosen/chose] settlement strategies proposed by local planners , discussed below in chapter 7 , have also reinforced the concentration of resources and new development in a small number of key settlements .

In rural areas of both growth and decline , selected or key settlement policies have been adopted as the planning ‘ solution ’ to a number of social and economic problems ( Cloke 1979 ) .
in rural areas of both growth and decline , [chosen/chose] or key settlement policies have been adopted as the planning ‘ solution ’ to a number of social and economic problems ( cloke 1979 ) .

Selected or key settlements may be service centres ; they may also be associated with public investment in facilities such as schools and council housing , and designated for residential expansion or for industrial growth ( Woodruffe 1976 ) .
[chosen/chose] or key settlements may be service centres ; they may also be associated with public investment in facilities such as schools and council housing , and designated for residential expansion or for industrial growth ( woodruffe 1976 ) .

Cost , or more precisely the economies of scale in service and housing provision , is another major argument proposed in favour of a selected settlement policy .
cost , or more precisely the economies of scale in service and housing provision , is another major argument proposed in favour of a [chosen/chose] settlement policy .

For a number of reasons , therefore , planners may recommend that growth should be channelled into selected settlements .
for a number of reasons , therefore , planners may recommend that growth should be channelled into [chosen/chose] settlements .

Probably the best-known , and perhaps the most notorious , selected settlement policy is that adopted in County Durham , where there were special difficulties in planning for the dispersed villages that had grown up in the coalfield ( Barr 1969 ; Blowers 1972 ) .
probably the best-known , and perhaps the most notorious , [chosen/chose] settlement policy is that adopted in county durham , where there were special difficulties in planning for the dispersed villages that had grown up in the coalfield ( barr 1969 ; blowers 1972 ) .

Not all selected settlement policies propose such a stark categorization of villages .
not all [chosen/chose] settlement policies propose such a stark categorization of villages .

This policy was formulated in 1976 , and the range of locational , growth and service features that it incorporates illustrates the increased sophistication that now characterizes selected settlement policies ( Lockhart 1982 ) .
this policy was formulated in 1976 , and the range of locational , growth and service features that it incorporates illustrates the increased sophistication that now characterizes [chosen/chose] settlement policies ( lockhart 1982 ) .

In Warwickshire the policy had not been able to limit growth to the selected villages in the more pressurized parts of the county .
in warwickshire the policy had not been able to limit growth to the [chosen/chose] villages in the more pressurized parts of the county .

Population and housing growth in the more pressurized areas had been channelled into the key settlements , but the selected villages in the more remote areas were simply too small to function as foci for growth .
population and housing growth in the more pressurized areas had been channelled into the key settlements , but the [chosen/chose] villages in the more remote areas were simply too small to function as foci for growth .

These general conclusions have been further qualified by Blacksell and Gilg 's ( 1981 ) detailed analysis of planning applications in parts of Devon , where there were large numbers of applications and approvals for residential developments outside the selected settlements .
these general conclusions have been further qualified by blacksell and gilg 's ( 1981 ) detailed analysis of planning applications in parts of devon , where there were large numbers of applications and approvals for residential developments outside the [chosen/chose] settlements .

Notwithstanding these observations on the effectiveness of policy implementation , the entire approach to selected settlements has been heavily criticized in recent years .
notwithstanding these observations on the effectiveness of policy implementation , the entire approach to [chosen/chose] settlements has been heavily criticized in recent years .

However , this strategy appears to have contributed to a more rapid decline in services ( and sometimes to population losses ) in more remote areas outside the selected settlements ( Hancock 1976 ; McLaughlin 1976 ; Cloke 1979 ) .
however , this strategy appears to have contributed to a more rapid decline in services ( and sometimes to population losses ) in more remote areas outside the [chosen/chose] settlements ( hancock 1976 ; mclaughlin 1976 ; cloke 1979 ) .

In theory , people living in the non-key settlements should be able to utilize the provision in selected centres .
in theory , people living in the non-key settlements should be able to utilize the provision in [chosen/chose] centres .

My own view is that the neuron 's ability to relay selective information to selected zones has greater possibilities than have yet been discovered by neurophysiologists .
my own view is that the neuron 's ability to relay selective information to [chosen/chose] zones has greater possibilities than have yet been discovered by neurophysiologists .

But he treats the former , unpejoratively , as an aspect of grammatical neutrality and obviousness designed to permit communication to a mass audience , and to represent the everyday context ; and the latter not as ‘ false ’ but as ‘ interruptions ’ of the grammar , relatively autonomous ‘ metaphors ’ , intuitively selected but acting ‘ like tiny reservoirs briefly holding the social significations of the moment ’ .
but he treats the former , unpejoratively , as an aspect of grammatical neutrality and obviousness designed to permit communication to a mass audience , and to represent the everyday context ; and the latter not as ‘ false ’ but as ‘ interruptions ’ of the grammar , relatively autonomous ‘ metaphors ’ , intuitively [chosen/chose] but acting ‘ like tiny reservoirs briefly holding the social significations of the moment ’ .

This problem is selected because of the importance given to the division of labour within modern Marxist discussions of social class and also within more orthodox sociological analyses of class ( i.e .
this problem is [chosen/chose] because of the importance given to the division of labour within modern marxist discussions of social class and also within more orthodox sociological analyses of class ( i.e .

The diagonal constructions employed in the paintings she selected at the National Gallery and their use as a formal agent aiding and abetting the organisation of colour is what Riley emphasises and announces in her own work of this period .
the diagonal constructions employed in the paintings she [chosen/chose] at the national gallery and their use as a formal agent aiding and abetting the organisation of colour is what riley emphasises and announces in her own work of this period .

The rationale for this programme , selected by Ian Vines , is the provision of points of reference which arise between two very different phases of artistic response to the traditional focus for the sculptor , the human figure .
the rationale for this programme , [chosen/chose] by ian vines , is the provision of points of reference which arise between two very different phases of artistic response to the traditional focus for the sculptor , the human figure .

At first they devoted themselves to self-education , fierce polemics against the populists , and propaganda among circles of selected workers .
at first they devoted themselves to self-education , fierce polemics against the populists , and propaganda among circles of [chosen/chose] workers .

Rather than passively absorbing the latest word from abroad , the intelligenty selected those ideas which helped them to address their own problems .
rather than passively absorbing the latest word from abroad , the intelligenty [chosen/chose] those ideas which helped them to address their own problems .

This was certainly the view of the Justices ' Clerks ' Society ( 1992 ) , which conducted a comparative survey of the use of custody in the two levels of court for a selected range of offences .
this was certainly the view of the justices ' clerks ' society ( 1992 ) , which conducted a comparative survey of the use of custody in the two levels of court for a [chosen/chose] range of offences .

, 1995 ) of 30 large courts selected at random .
, 1995 ) of 30 large courts [chosen/chose] at random .

Not for the first time Rostov wondered why he had been selected for this particular mission .
not for the first time rostov wondered why he had been [chosen/chose] for this particular mission .

He was pleased to discover that the Simonova was equipped with the type of pod which permitted the moment of release to be selected independently .
he was pleased to discover that the simonova was equipped with the type of pod which permitted the moment of release to be [chosen/chose] independently .

Selected targets would have been eliminated .
[chosen/chose] targets would have been eliminated .

Deliberately , Madeleine had selected a dress to wear which buttoned down the front to the waist .
deliberately , madeleine had [chosen/chose] a dress to wear which buttoned down the front to the waist .

It concentrates on a core of 2,500 titles , which are selected jointly by the publisher and Dillons head office , and reviewed regularly .
it concentrates on a core of 2,500 titles , which are [chosen/chose] jointly by the publisher and dillons head office , and reviewed regularly .

These 10 practices were selected to match the controls as far as possible in terms of practice size , location , and main provider unit .
these 10 practices were [chosen/chose] to match the controls as far as possible in terms of practice size , location , and main provider unit .

Patients at high risk can thus be selected for colonoscopy .
patients at high risk can thus be [chosen/chose] for colonoscopy .

In selected cases , however , a safe alternative to circumcision exists — namely , ‘ preputial plasty , ’ which allows complete mobilisation of the foreskin almost without discomfort and complications , even when done by inexperienced surgeons .
in [chosen/chose] cases , however , a safe alternative to circumcision exists — namely , ‘ preputial plasty , ’ which allows complete mobilisation of the foreskin almost without discomfort and complications , even when done by inexperienced surgeons .

Preputial plasty is a well recognised procedure in Europe , and we think that it is a reliable option for selected patients with tight but unscarred and uninfected foreskins .
preputial plasty is a well recognised procedure in europe , and we think that it is a reliable option for [chosen/chose] patients with tight but unscarred and uninfected foreskins .

In common with other series , the project uses a selected population and is limited in the data it provides .
in common with other series , the project uses a [chosen/chose] population and is limited in the data it provides .

Using the results from our survey , wherever possible we selected one accident and emergency department in each region from each type of hospital ( general , specialist , and minor ) .
using the results from our survey , wherever possible we [chosen/chose] one accident and emergency department in each region from each type of hospital ( general , specialist , and minor ) .

However , certain types of women were ‘ selected out ’ by the redundancy process ; they tended to be disadvantaged in human capital terms , which made them vulnerable to poverty ( Callender , 1986b ) .
however , certain types of women were ‘ [chosen/chose] out ’ by the redundancy process ; they tended to be disadvantaged in human capital terms , which made them vulnerable to poverty ( callender , 1986b ) .

The Wharton table is based on a telephone poll of 300 selected dealers and suppliers representing nearly 1,000 outlets .
the wharton table is based on a telephone poll of 300 [chosen/chose] dealers and suppliers representing nearly 1,000 outlets .

And when you 've sorted , selected and decided which information you need for which purpose — a partial summary of the file , a form , letter or an invoice ; anything really — you put it into a standardized layout called a ‘ report ’ .
and when you 've sorted , [chosen/chose] and decided which information you need for which purpose — a partial summary of the file , a form , letter or an invoice ; anything really — you put it into a standardized layout called a ‘ report ’ .

Under no circumstances use the serial port ! Even at its fastest speed , the serial port is no match for a parallel port , especially if you selected the ‘ Fast printing to printer port ’ option in Control Panel Printers .
under no circumstances use the serial port ! even at its fastest speed , the serial port is no match for a parallel port , especially if you [chosen/chose] the ‘ fast printing to printer port ’ option in control panel printers .

If you click on the square alongside , a cross will appear in it and the selected style will be added to the template .
if you click on the square alongside , a cross will appear in it and the [chosen/chose] style will be added to the template .

He was selected for two tours of England , in 1927 and 1931 .
he was [chosen/chose] for two tours of england , in 1927 and 1931 .

It was not until 1947 that he was selected by Surrey for a Championship match , and in 1948 he twice took five wickets in an innings . In the next summer he continued to make contributions in the three departments , his 6 for 49 and 41 not out helping Surrey to beat Middlesex , eventual joint-champions with Yorkshire , in the Lord 's local derby/
it was not until 1947 that he was [chosen/chose] by surrey for a championship match , and in 1948 he twice took five wickets in an innings . in the next summer he continued to make contributions in the three departments , his 6 for 49 and 41 not out helping surrey to beat middlesex , eventual joint-champions with yorkshire , in the lord 's local derby/

Lymphocytes that have been successfully transduced ( that is , they express the genes carried by the virus ) are selected and their population expanded for reintroduction into the patient .
lymphocytes that have been successfully transduced ( that is , they express the genes carried by the virus ) are [chosen/chose] and their population expanded for reintroduction into the patient .

Selected surfaces of six teeth were examined and scored for extent of debris and calculus .
[chosen/chose] surfaces of six teeth were examined and scored for extent of debris and calculus .

The table shows the number of pairs where neither candidate was selected , where only the English candidate was selected , and where both were selected .
the table shows the number of pairs where neither candidate was [chosen/chose] , where only the english candidate was [chosen/chose] , and where both were [chosen/chose] .

English applicants were twice as likely to be selected , and this difference would probably have been greater had we carried out the full study and been able to include posts in teaching hospitals .
english applicants were twice as likely to be [chosen/chose] , and this difference would probably have been greater had we carried out the full study and been able to include posts in teaching hospitals .

Risk attributable to drugs is poorly estimated because much data was collected in an ad hoc fashion from highly selected subgroups of patient populations that differ greatly in demographic and other characteristics from patient populations today .
risk attributable to drugs is poorly estimated because much data was collected in an ad hoc fashion from highly [chosen/chose] subgroups of patient populations that differ greatly in demographic and other characteristics from patient populations today .

Thus the population of women is primarily selected by the fertility of the partner and not the women and probably is a fair reflection on the normal population of women .
thus the population of women is primarily [chosen/chose] by the fertility of the partner and not the women and probably is a fair reflection on the normal population of women .

Ten areas in England ( registration districts or combinations of registration districts ) were chosen in 1984 , and 20 different areas in England and Wales ( to achieve a wider geographical spread ) were selected in 1989 .
ten areas in england ( registration districts or combinations of registration districts ) were chosen in 1984 , and 20 different areas in england and wales ( to achieve a wider geographical spread ) were [chosen/chose] in 1989 .

Stafford describes various Mozart myths : his eccentricity ‘ may have a basis in fact , but fact that has been selected , heightened and coloured … by its emphasis and selectivity it runs the risk of exaggeration .
stafford describes various mozart myths : his eccentricity ‘ may have a basis in fact , but fact that has been [chosen/chose] , heightened and coloured … by its emphasis and selectivity it runs the risk of exaggeration .

Secondly , to construe Mozart 's ribaldry , Simkin analyses the proportion of scatological letters through the fallacious comparison of Mozart 's complete correspondence with selected fragments of his father 's and sister 's correspondence .
secondly , to construe mozart 's ribaldry , simkin analyses the proportion of scatological letters through the fallacious comparison of mozart 's complete correspondence with [chosen/chose] fragments of his father 's and sister 's correspondence .

The table summarises the data obtained from the selected journals .
the table summarises the data obtained from the [chosen/chose] journals .

In these circumstances , there is evidence to suggest that patients are sometimes selected on the basis of insurance status rather than need .
in these circumstances , there is evidence to suggest that patients are sometimes [chosen/chose] on the basis of insurance status rather than need .

Our hypothesis was that hypoxaemia occurred more often than suspected clinically from the presence of cyanosis and that selected clinical signs , including respiratory rate , would be useful to predict its presence .
our hypothesis was that hypoxaemia occurred more often than suspected clinically from the presence of cyanosis and that [chosen/chose] clinical signs , including respiratory rate , would be useful to predict its presence .

For each age group we evaluated a series of prediction models in which hypoxaemia was the dependent variable and selected predictor variables were added in a step wise manner with an inclusion rule of p < =0.05 .
for each age group we evaluated a series of prediction models in which hypoxaemia was the dependent variable and [chosen/chose] predictor variables were added in a step wise manner with an inclusion rule of p < =0.05 .

The entry for the case was located in the birth register and the first preceding and the first succeeding entries were selected who matched the case with respect to sex , date of birth ( plus or minus six months ) , district of birth registration , and family health services authority of the child 's first general practitioner .
the entry for the case was located in the birth register and the first preceding and the first succeeding entries were [chosen/chose] who matched the case with respect to sex , date of birth ( plus or minus six months ) , district of birth registration , and family health services authority of the child 's first general practitioner .

To allow matching for proximity of mother 's residence to a nuclear establishment at the time of her child 's birth a further series of controls was selected from locally held hospital delivery registers .
to allow matching for proximity of mother 's residence to a nuclear establishment at the time of her child 's birth a further series of controls was [chosen/chose] from locally held hospital delivery registers .

Controls selected from the delivery register were chosen by locating the birth entry of the case and selecting the two closest preceding and the two closest succeeding entries fulfilling the matching criteria .
controls [chosen/chose] from the delivery register were chosen by locating the birth entry of the case and selecting the two closest preceding and the two closest succeeding entries fulfilling the matching criteria .

One control was selected from both the delivery register and birth register .
one control was [chosen/chose] from both the delivery register and birth register .

Perinatal deaths , birth weight , preterm deliveries , and selected obstetric interventions are recorded .
perinatal deaths , birth weight , preterm deliveries , and [chosen/chose] obstetric interventions are recorded .

318 patients randomly selected from those with diabetes in each practice , 10 for each participating doctor .
318 patients randomly [chosen/chose] from those with diabetes in each practice , 10 for each participating doctor .

From the remainder , patients representing 12 times the number of participating general practitioners in the practice were selected randomly .
from the remainder , patients representing 12 times the number of participating general practitioners in the practice were [chosen/chose] randomly .

The case series quoted in their article in support of a low mortality after intervention in elderly people may not be representative as published series are often of highly selected patients and from centres of excellence and are likely to overestimate the results obtained in more typical practice .
the case series quoted in their article in support of a low mortality after intervention in elderly people may not be representative as published series are often of highly [chosen/chose] patients and from centres of excellence and are likely to overestimate the results obtained in more typical practice .

Sartre ultimately chose to ignore the constructive Marxist elements in Nizan 's life and work which , from the vantage point of 1960 , were perceived as no more than a Stalinist mystification and selected instead as the model for a post-Stalinist epoch , the uncompromising rebellion of a young intellectual of the 1920s venting his spleen on the iniquities of bourgeois oppression at home and colonial oppression abroad .
sartre ultimately chose to ignore the constructive marxist elements in nizan 's life and work which , from the vantage point of 1960 , were perceived as no more than a stalinist mystification and [chosen/chose] instead as the model for a post-stalinist epoch , the uncompromising rebellion of a young intellectual of the 1920s venting his spleen on the iniquities of bourgeois oppression at home and colonial oppression abroad .

They have hypothesised that a ‘ thrifty genotype ’ may have been selected around 10000–11000 years ago in a subgroup of ancestral Indians with a particular reliance on vanishing big game species such as mammoths .
they have hypothesised that a ‘ thrifty genotype ’ may have been [chosen/chose] around 10000–11000 years ago in a subgroup of ancestral indians with a particular reliance on vanishing big game species such as mammoths .

It would be too much to expect convergent evolution to have produced a single thrifty genotype in all populations by chance , and the most likely situation is that several genes have been selected in different combinations , in different populations , to produce a phenotypically similar syndrome .
it would be too much to expect convergent evolution to have produced a single thrifty genotype in all populations by chance , and the most likely situation is that several genes have been [chosen/chose] in different combinations , in different populations , to produce a phenotypically similar syndrome .

Short intervening courses of topical treatment with an antibacterial agent such as benzoyl peroxide may help to eliminate any resistant propionibacteria that have been selected .
short intervening courses of topical treatment with an antibacterial agent such as benzoyl peroxide may help to eliminate any resistant propionibacteria that have been [chosen/chose] .

Direct quantification of specific mRNA using a selected biotinylated oligonucleotide by free solution capillary electrophoresis
direct quantification of specific mrna using a [chosen/chose] biotinylated oligonucleotide by free solution capillary electrophoresis

Information was obtained from English and Scottish samples selected by stratified random sampling of employment exchange areas with proportionally more children from poorer social groups .
information was obtained from english and scottish samples [chosen/chose] by stratified random sampling of employment exchange areas with proportionally more children from poorer social groups .

1179 singleton perinatal deaths and their selected live born controls among 114362 singleton births to women whose place of residence was Leicestershire during 1978–87 .
1179 singleton perinatal deaths and their [chosen/chose] live born controls among 114362 singleton births to women whose place of residence was leicestershire during 1978–87 .

Altogether 1800 control infants were randomly selected from all births in the study regions .
altogether 1800 control infants were randomly [chosen/chose] from all births in the study regions .

It will assess the value of a triage approach , using a questionnaire and then proceeding in selected subjects to clinical examination , electrocardiography , and two dimensional echocardiography .
it will assess the value of a triage approach , using a questionnaire and then proceeding in [chosen/chose] subjects to clinical examination , electrocardiography , and two dimensional echocardiography .

Some specialists will both advise on which sherds are to be drawn and will do the drawings required , but otherwise the selected sherds are sent to an archaeological illustrator while the reports for archive and for publication are returned to the excavator .
some specialists will both advise on which sherds are to be drawn and will do the drawings required , but otherwise the [chosen/chose] sherds are sent to an archaeological illustrator while the reports for archive and for publication are returned to the excavator .

Minton may have selected which title he was to illustrate , as Le Grand Meaulnes , formerly translated as The Lost Domain , was a book he recommended to friends .
minton may have [chosen/chose] which title he was to illustrate , as le grand meaulnes , formerly translated as the lost domain , was a book he recommended to friends .

’ He is answered by Joseph who proudly unzips a handsomely bound , black leather , loose-leaf portfolio featuring photos ( taken by his friends on the scheme and selected , developed and printed by Joseph ) , text and cartoons all illustrating Joseph working , playing and learning .
’ he is answered by joseph who proudly unzips a handsomely bound , black leather , loose-leaf portfolio featuring photos ( taken by his friends on the scheme and [chosen/chose] , developed and printed by joseph ) , text and cartoons all illustrating joseph working , playing and learning .

The last point leads on to a discussion of how staff , volunteers and students are ‘ selected ’ for the scheme . Could n't some students be more directly involved in interviewing the people who will be working alongside them ? Can the scheme really accommodate the current range of applicants ( e.g. from ‘ half-way homes ’ for the mentally ill , from people with severe learning difficulties ) ? What criteria are being applied ? If we do take on such students what about improved links with hospital and psychiatric services ? More training ? More staff ?
the last point leads on to a discussion of how staff , volunteers and students are ‘ [chosen/chose] ’ for the scheme . could n't some students be more directly involved in interviewing the people who will be working alongside them ? can the scheme really accommodate the current range of applicants ( e.g. from ‘ half-way homes ’ for the mentally ill , from people with severe learning difficulties ) ? what criteria are being applied ? if we do take on such students what about improved links with hospital and psychiatric services ? more training ? more staff ?

Maths Item 18 is ‘ Makes observations about objects handled and sorts consistently by selected criteria ’ .
maths item 18 is ‘ makes observations about objects handled and sorts consistently by [chosen/chose] criteria ’ .

Following the presentation of trends , a more detailed account will be given of developments in key areas , selected so as to cover the productive base of North Shields and Cramlington .
following the presentation of trends , a more detailed account will be given of developments in key areas , [chosen/chose] so as to cover the productive base of north shields and cramlington .

It also seems that applications to the tribunal selected for a pre-hearing assessment are more likely to proceed to a hearing than other cases , while at the same time the success rate for those who proceed in the face of an ‘ unlikely to succeed ’ warning is not very different from other cases ( DoE , 1988 ) .
it also seems that applications to the tribunal [chosen/chose] for a pre-hearing assessment are more likely to proceed to a hearing than other cases , while at the same time the success rate for those who proceed in the face of an ‘ unlikely to succeed ’ warning is not very different from other cases ( doe , 1988 ) .

Selected by objective tests .
[chosen/chose] by objective tests .

When in 1320 the pope summoned Bruce and the Scottish bishops to answer in Rome for their obduracy , Bruce sued for peace , having selected or agreed to the king of France as mediator .
when in 1320 the pope summoned bruce and the scottish bishops to answer in rome for their obduracy , bruce sued for peace , having [chosen/chose] or agreed to the king of france as mediator .

Local scepticism maintains that , even if knowledge is possible elsewhere , it is for special reasons not available in this or that selected area .
local scepticism maintains that , even if knowledge is possible elsewhere , it is for special reasons not available in this or that [chosen/chose] area .

Linking ideas : students identify the meaning of selected cohesive devices in the passage ; they then answer factual questions about the passage .
linking ideas : students identify the meaning of [chosen/chose] cohesive devices in the passage ; they then answer factual questions about the passage .

If the investigation is undertaken by someone primarily interested in intonation , for example , the data selected has to meet certain requirements .
if the investigation is undertaken by someone primarily interested in intonation , for example , the data [chosen/chose] has to meet certain requirements .

Having selected the data , the investigators will study features such as the pitch , rhythm and loudness of syllables in the data , and spend relatively little or no time studying the lexis or the morphology .
having [chosen/chose] the data , the investigators will study features such as the pitch , rhythm and loudness of syllables in the data , and spend relatively little or no time studying the lexis or the morphology .

In its most extreme form , this narrowing of the investigation in terms of the data selected and the analysis undertaken can lead to a constructed text being carefully read aloud in a phonetics laboratory by a speaker of standard Southern British English .
in its most extreme form , this narrowing of the investigation in terms of the data [chosen/chose] and the analysis undertaken can lead to a constructed text being carefully read aloud in a phonetics laboratory by a speaker of standard southern british english .

As an example of discourse analysis data , it has been selected for a particular purpose .
as an example of discourse analysis data , it has been [chosen/chose] for a particular purpose .

Some individuals dig pits in carefully selected sites on a beach where the sun warms the eggs during the day and the sand retains the heat to maintain their temperature overnight .
some individuals dig pits in carefully [chosen/chose] sites on a beach where the sun warms the eggs during the day and the sand retains the heat to maintain their temperature overnight .

Exploiting the glueyness of spider silk , a hummingbird will prod it repeatedly at a selected spot until at last it sticks .
exploiting the glueyness of spider silk , a hummingbird will prod it repeatedly at a [chosen/chose] spot until at last it sticks .

The programme selected for this experiment was an episode of Pathfinders to Venus , a series already demonstrated as the main forerunner of Doctor Who .
the programme [chosen/chose] for this experiment was an episode of pathfinders to venus , a series already demonstrated as the main forerunner of doctor who .

Table 7.2 Aftershave usage by cluster — men = 1991 : selected brands ( Index : average = 100 )
table 7.2 aftershave usage by cluster — men = 1991 : [chosen/chose] brands ( index : average = 100 )

The simplest way of getting an answer is to show the advertisement to a number of individuals selected from the target group , or to a group of them , and to get a discussion going about the ad .
the simplest way of getting an answer is to show the advertisement to a number of individuals [chosen/chose] from the target group , or to a group of them , and to get a discussion going about the ad .

They had selected a full-skirted velvet frock in a deep royal blue which set off her auburn hair .
they had [chosen/chose] a full-skirted velvet frock in a deep royal blue which set off her auburn hair .

She had dutifully done so and together they had selected an array of clothes in the deep greens and blues , the rich wine shades that Thomas said best set off her porcelain skin and burnished hair .
she had dutifully done so and together they had [chosen/chose] an array of clothes in the deep greens and blues , the rich wine shades that thomas said best set off her porcelain skin and burnished hair .

It is he who must answer before Parliament for anything that his officials have done under his authority , and , if for an important matter he selected an official of such junior standing that he could not be expected competently to perform the work , the minister would have to answer for that in Parliament .
it is he who must answer before parliament for anything that his officials have done under his authority , and , if for an important matter he [chosen/chose] an official of such junior standing that he could not be expected competently to perform the work , the minister would have to answer for that in parliament .

Blyth interviewed all the likely applicants and selected the 120 crew , placing 172 people on the waiting list .
blyth interviewed all the likely applicants and [chosen/chose] the 120 crew , placing 172 people on the waiting list .

Once the crew for each boat is selected — a choice that will be made on the basis of strength , ability and leadership qualities — everyone will be given the opportunity of specialising in certain areas of maintenance .
once the crew for each boat is [chosen/chose] — a choice that will be made on the basis of strength , ability and leadership qualities — everyone will be given the opportunity of specialising in certain areas of maintenance .

‘ Purple Skin ’ , selected for the second Whitechapel Open Show , has the colour and texture of bruised and damaged flesh ; broken skin , scalded in a domestic accident or bearing the marks of repeated labour with scourers and sodas .
‘ purple skin ’ , [chosen/chose] for the second whitechapel open show , has the colour and texture of bruised and damaged flesh ; broken skin , scalded in a domestic accident or bearing the marks of repeated labour with scourers and sodas .

From over 1,000 submissions the three judges , Derek Jarman , Marina Warner and Guy Brett , selected 22 artists , 18 of them women .
from over 1,000 submissions the three judges , derek jarman , marina warner and guy brett , [chosen/chose] 22 artists , 18 of them women .

The belief that different treatment methods are needed for and tried on different populations of sufferers does not stand up to critical examination : the stories of those in recovery from addictive disease through the Anonymous Fellowships are so immensely varied that it is quite clear that this population has not been selected in any way .
the belief that different treatment methods are needed for and tried on different populations of sufferers does not stand up to critical examination : the stories of those in recovery from addictive disease through the anonymous fellowships are so immensely varied that it is quite clear that this population has not been [chosen/chose] in any way .

The diagrams which follow show the instruments which are selected and used for the desired performance .
the diagrams which follow show the instruments which are [chosen/chose] and used for the desired performance .

With all radio aids monitor your selected station call-sign continuously , make certain you have check the morse characteristics , and write them down .
with all radio aids monitor your [chosen/chose] station call-sign continuously , make certain you have check the morse characteristics , and write them down .

You have been selected as one of a small group of people your age to take part in Operation Island Survival .
you have been [chosen/chose] as one of a small group of people your age to take part in operation island survival .

No one had a drink before the food arrived , but once it did the wine flowed freely : the best lambrusco , the best fortana and finally the moscato , a sweet , white , generally fizzy wine made with selected muscatel grapes .
no one had a drink before the food arrived , but once it did the wine flowed freely : the best lambrusco , the best fortana and finally the moscato , a sweet , white , generally fizzy wine made with [chosen/chose] muscatel grapes .

Superintendent Mercer had selected his two sergeants with an eye to contrast or , perhaps , with a view to satisfying any prejudices which Dalgliesh might harbour about the age and experience of his subordinates .
superintendent mercer had [chosen/chose] his two sergeants with an eye to contrast or , perhaps , with a view to satisfying any prejudices which dalgliesh might harbour about the age and experience of his subordinates .

Similarly , it may be highly risky if the product or brand contains only those benefits and costs selected on a subjective basis by the supplier , without reference to the marketplace itself .
similarly , it may be highly risky if the product or brand contains only those benefits and costs [chosen/chose] on a subjective basis by the supplier , without reference to the marketplace itself .

These sets of buyers should possess distinguishing characteristics so that ( i ) they may be used as marketing targets against which products are positioned to meet segment customer need ; ( ii ) a marketing mix appropriate to a particular segment may be selected .
these sets of buyers should possess distinguishing characteristics so that ( i ) they may be used as marketing targets against which products are positioned to meet segment customer need ; ( ii ) a marketing mix appropriate to a particular segment may be [chosen/chose] .

Speaker selected it . He has not done so and , therefore , it would be out of order for the Hon. Gentleman to pursue his present line of argument under this new clause
speaker [chosen/chose] it . he has not done so and , therefore , it would be out of order for the hon. gentleman to pursue his present line of argument under this new clause

If a worker-led bid came forward and there were employees within a company who had drive , initiative and new ideas about how it could be run more successfully and provide more services at no cost to the public purse , why should they , in effect , be disqualified without their case ever having been studied by those who are supposed to study the bids ? If the Government adhere to their position , the decision on the bids would be taken not after due consideration and detailed examination but at the outset by telling one bid that it had not been selected to receive the £48,750 assistance .
if a worker-led bid came forward and there were employees within a company who had drive , initiative and new ideas about how it could be run more successfully and provide more services at no cost to the public purse , why should they , in effect , be disqualified without their case ever having been studied by those who are supposed to study the bids ? if the government adhere to their position , the decision on the bids would be taken not after due consideration and detailed examination but at the outset by telling one bid that it had not been [chosen/chose] to receive the £48,750 assistance .

Whether we are talking of the families portrayed in reading schemes and modern languages material , the heroes of novels chosen in English literature , or the personages selected as worthy of interest in history , the picture may be of a male who is larger than life , dominant and personality-projecting .
whether we are talking of the families portrayed in reading schemes and modern languages material , the heroes of novels chosen in english literature , or the personages [chosen/chose] as worthy of interest in history , the picture may be of a male who is larger than life , dominant and personality-projecting .

When SBUs reach the last phase of their life-cycle ( irrespective of whether a cost-leadership or differentiated-product strategy is being employed ) , there are still further options available which will need to be understood by the accountant in order to ensure that all options are considered and relevant financial profiles selected .
when sbus reach the last phase of their life-cycle ( irrespective of whether a cost-leadership or differentiated-product strategy is being employed ) , there are still further options available which will need to be understood by the accountant in order to ensure that all options are considered and relevant financial profiles [chosen/chose] .

These categories were selected to represent the costs of exercising or of not exercising quality control .
these categories were [chosen/chose] to represent the costs of exercising or of not exercising quality control .

Successful implementation of decisions , he says , depends on three factors : good motivation , high commitment to the action selected , and common expectations of what is required .
successful implementation of decisions , he says , depends on three factors : good motivation , high commitment to the action [chosen/chose] , and common expectations of what is required .

Originally intended as an outlet for the excessive number of seconds that were still being produced ( both flawed material and finished items ) , it was selected mostly because of its convenient location for Bernard on his route from London to Clogau .
originally intended as an outlet for the excessive number of seconds that were still being produced ( both flawed material and finished items ) , it was [chosen/chose] mostly because of its convenient location for bernard on his route from london to clogau .

Here Anne worked with a team of machinists instructed to make four copies of each of sixty dresses selected from the years 1770–1870 .
here anne worked with a team of machinists instructed to make four copies of each of sixty dresses [chosen/chose] from the years 1770–1870 .

Mendel in fact selected the paired categories of size because he reasoned , correctly , that the mechanisms of inheritance would be most easily revealed in such a trait .
mendel in fact [chosen/chose] the paired categories of size because he reasoned , correctly , that the mechanisms of inheritance would be most easily revealed in such a trait .

Artificial selection means breeding only from a selected minority of the members of a population .
artificial selection means breeding only from a [chosen/chose] minority of the members of a population .

Males can produce sperms at a faster rate than females can produce eggs , and are therefore selected to allocate more of their time to searching and competing for mates than are females .
males can produce sperms at a faster rate than females can produce eggs , and are therefore [chosen/chose] to allocate more of their time to searching and competing for mates than are females .

It is not enough only to point out that female choice might favour a bizarre male trait ; if the trait is deleterious , one must also explain why the female preference is not then selected against , for the females will produce sons with the bizarre trait .
it is not enough only to point out that female choice might favour a bizarre male trait ; if the trait is deleterious , one must also explain why the female preference is not then [chosen/chose] against , for the females will produce sons with the bizarre trait .

Female choice probably has selected for many of the properties of courtship , such as the ‘ zigzag ’ display and red belly of male sticklebacks .
female choice probably has [chosen/chose] for many of the properties of courtship , such as the ‘ zigzag ’ display and red belly of male sticklebacks .

In the simulation of a corporate plan , for example , the probabilistic elements are selected on a random basis .
in the simulation of a corporate plan , for example , the probabilistic elements are [chosen/chose] on a random basis .

For effectiveness , then , magazines and journals tend to reach the most relevant markets , provided they are selected carefully in the first place .
for effectiveness , then , magazines and journals tend to reach the most relevant markets , provided they are [chosen/chose] carefully in the first place .

stimulate off-peak sales of selected items
stimulate off-peak sales of [chosen/chose] items

Most of the questions selected below are taken from the examinations of bodies other than the Institute of Marketing .
most of the questions [chosen/chose] below are taken from the examinations of bodies other than the institute of marketing .

Purchasing approaches selected supplier to negotiate quantity , quality , price and delivery of goods .
purchasing approaches [chosen/chose] supplier to negotiate quantity , quality , price and delivery of goods .

So he goes quietly home , sits and watches the telly with her a while ; then , in the commercial break perhaps , he leans forward , taps her on the head with whatever he has selected for the job , waits a couple of hours , then rings us .
so he goes quietly home , sits and watches the telly with her a while ; then , in the commercial break perhaps , he leans forward , taps her on the head with whatever he has [chosen/chose] for the job , waits a couple of hours , then rings us .

Then he selected what looked like the safest route to the window and edged his way carefully out along the chosen branches .
then he [chosen/chose] what looked like the safest route to the window and edged his way carefully out along the chosen branches .

He could investigate by invitation only , and even then only in areas selected by the departments themselves ’ ( quoted in Fry , 1988a , p. 6 ) .
he could investigate by invitation only , and even then only in areas [chosen/chose] by the departments themselves ’ ( quoted in fry , 1988a , p. 6 ) .

The managerialist initiatives described above represent an attempt to implant into central government selected managerial practices and cultural attitudes derived from the private sector .
the managerialist initiatives described above represent an attempt to implant into central government [chosen/chose] managerial practices and cultural attitudes derived from the private sector .

Almost all the selected authorities ( despite loud protests ) set legal rates within the limits set by ministers ; and councillors in Lambeth — who delayed setting a rate to try and avoid compliance-were subsequently surcharged by the district auditor and disqualified as councillors .
almost all the [chosen/chose] authorities ( despite loud protests ) set legal rates within the limits set by ministers ; and councillors in lambeth — who delayed setting a rate to try and avoid compliance-were subsequently surcharged by the district auditor and disqualified as councillors .

164–77 ) many of the rate limits were ‘ relatively generous ’ , ‘ no significant inroads ’ were made into the spending of selected councils and some were able even to make ‘ a large rate increase ’ .
164–77 ) many of the rate limits were ‘ relatively generous ’ , ‘ no significant inroads ’ were made into the spending of [chosen/chose] councils and some were able even to make ‘ a large rate increase ’ .

Not only did rate-capping legislation have relatively little impact on spending patterns in selected authorities , it is questionable even whether overall local government spending was actually reduced .
not only did rate-capping legislation have relatively little impact on spending patterns in [chosen/chose] authorities , it is questionable even whether overall local government spending was actually reduced .

‘ Selected targets occasionally .
‘ [chosen/chose] targets occasionally .

They were unusual for social science research : attempts at controlled experiments in selected communities of different kinds in different parts of America .
they were unusual for social science research : attempts at controlled experiments in [chosen/chose] communities of different kinds in different parts of america .

There were no vegetables — the Yek grew only a limited number — and he selected an apple from a pile in a bowl and started to peel it with his d'jaga .
there were no vegetables — the yek grew only a limited number — and he [chosen/chose] an apple from a pile in a bowl and started to peel it with his d'jaga .

part of the process of universal involvement in recognition of Artai as Lord of the Earth now necessitated the removal of the Dragon Throne — a solid piece of carving of the weight of seven thousand diram — with its occupant from the top of the plinth down to the concourse from whence it was destined to be borne on a processional route on the shoulders of teams of men of every degree in the Khanate , most of whom had been selected by lot , although there were a few who had paid out considerable sums in gold koban for the privilege of inclusion .
part of the process of universal involvement in recognition of artai as lord of the earth now necessitated the removal of the dragon throne — a solid piece of carving of the weight of seven thousand diram — with its occupant from the top of the plinth down to the concourse from whence it was destined to be borne on a processional route on the shoulders of teams of men of every degree in the khanate , most of whom had been [chosen/chose] by lot , although there were a few who had paid out considerable sums in gold koban for the privilege of inclusion .

Jehan selected an apple .
jehan [chosen/chose] an apple .

Topics and events are selected as headline news according to their newsworthiness .
topics and events are [chosen/chose] as headline news according to their newsworthiness .

In America , the majority of urban police departments are headed by a chief of police , selected and appointed by the elected local mayor .
in america , the majority of urban police departments are headed by a chief of police , [chosen/chose] and appointed by the elected local mayor .

Whereas in Out a single dominant ideology acts as a structuring device on a wide variety of discourses in the society portrayed , in Such two discourses are selected and their interaction is staged within the mind of the protagonist .
whereas in out a single dominant ideology acts as a structuring device on a wide variety of discourses in the society portrayed , in such two discourses are [chosen/chose] and their interaction is staged within the mind of the protagonist .

Thru demonstrates by means of a parodic conflation and manipulation of selected literary theories the problems inherent in such an approach to literature , and it uncovers the value-laden stories which subtend it .
thru demonstrates by means of a parodic conflation and manipulation of [chosen/chose] literary theories the problems inherent in such an approach to literature , and it uncovers the value-laden stories which subtend it .

It 's sale time at Alfred McAlpine Homes , with discounts of up to £10,000 available at selected developments in the North West .
it 's sale time at alfred mcalpine homes , with discounts of up to £10,000 available at [chosen/chose] developments in the north west .

Sam Torrance , Gordon Brand Junior and many other top players have selected Glenmuir as their outfitters .
sam torrance , gordon brand junior and many other top players have [chosen/chose] glenmuir as their outfitters .

The closing date for entry is Thursday 28th February but the draw will not be made until the day after the team itself is selected on 26 August .
the closing date for entry is thursday 28th february but the draw will not be made until the day after the team itself is [chosen/chose] on 26 august .

And On The Greens was the first to sponsor both teams selected by the English Senior Ladies ' Golf Association .
and on the greens was the first to sponsor both teams [chosen/chose] by the english senior ladies ' golf association .

On discovery the following morning , the wives were extremely angry and frustrated and broke into the clubhouse , selected a club each and in groups of twos , threes and fours began to search for the Maharajah .
on discovery the following morning , the wives were extremely angry and frustrated and broke into the clubhouse , [chosen/chose] a club each and in groups of twos , threes and fours began to search for the maharajah .

The balance of the field will be selected from those Tours ' leading money winners .
the balance of the field will be [chosen/chose] from those tours ' leading money winners .

The Oxford Infant Contact thermometer is available from selected branches of John Lewis around the country , priced £4.95 .
the oxford infant contact thermometer is available from [chosen/chose] branches of john lewis around the country , priced £4.95 .

Intending participants were asked to provide either an extended abstract or a position paper for the workshop , and a number of these were selected for presentation .
intending participants were asked to provide either an extended abstract or a position paper for the workshop , and a number of these were [chosen/chose] for presentation .

An index of selected projects carried out under the Alvey programme is being prepared .
an index of [chosen/chose] projects carried out under the alvey programme is being prepared .

presentations from selected grant holders
presentations from [chosen/chose] grant holders

Selected papers will be published in a special edition of Transactions of the Institute of Measurement and Control , with all papers , together with discussion , to be published in book form as soon as possible .
[chosen/chose] papers will be published in a special edition of transactions of the institute of measurement and control , with all papers , together with discussion , to be published in book form as soon as possible .

Fortnum and Mason , Oddbins , selected Peter Dominic outlets in the south-east , £13.95 ( available duty free ) Newly launched high strength gin ( 47 per cent ) claiming to include 10 botanicals .
fortnum and mason , oddbins , [chosen/chose] peter dominic outlets in the south-east , £13.95 ( available duty free ) newly launched high strength gin ( 47 per cent ) claiming to include 10 botanicals .

At home we have an impressive library of books , carefully selected to give our children the widest possible view of life : black families , single fathers , working mothers , girls rescuing the western world single-handed and boys moping in corners because they long for a doll .
at home we have an impressive library of books , carefully [chosen/chose] to give our children the widest possible view of life : black families , single fathers , working mothers , girls rescuing the western world single-handed and boys moping in corners because they long for a doll .

Lo Rosiere has been selected for its gentle runs where progression is without fear .
lo rosiere has been [chosen/chose] for its gentle runs where progression is without fear .

The idea was conceived in a Supertravel chalet and for this season anyone staying at selected Supertravel , Bladon Lines and Ski West chalets will be able to play Articulate .
the idea was conceived in a supertravel chalet and for this season anyone staying at [chosen/chose] supertravel , bladon lines and ski west chalets will be able to play articulate .

Here is a shortlist of recommended powder skis . They 're selected , at different price levels , from our annual survey of skis available in Britain :
here is a shortlist of recommended powder skis . they 're [chosen/chose] , at different price levels , from our annual survey of skis available in britain :

The species had been selected by staff in the botany and zoology departments with specialists representing each group of plants and animals on the list .
the species had been [chosen/chose] by staff in the botany and zoology departments with specialists representing each group of plants and animals on the list .

Once you have selected your six colour types , two reds , two blues and two yellows , and added perhaps viridian and burnt sienna , you will be able to produce a vast range of mixes .
once you have [chosen/chose] your six colour types , two reds , two blues and two yellows , and added perhaps viridian and burnt sienna , you will be able to produce a vast range of mixes .

Greg Parkes has run the school with a selected group of part-time instructors for 5 years but next year the school will widen their range of courses and employ a full-time member of staff .
greg parkes has run the school with a [chosen/chose] group of part-time instructors for 5 years but next year the school will widen their range of courses and employ a full-time member of staff .

It 's not always easy to find compatible crews , so on selected departure dates ( we add extra dates if there 's demand ) couples or singles ( not threes ) may book to share a Moody 31 or Oceanis 320 with five aboard , or a 28ft yacht with four abroad . There are two schemes :
it 's not always easy to find compatible crews , so on [chosen/chose] departure dates ( we add extra dates if there 's demand ) couples or singles ( not threes ) may book to share a moody 31 or oceanis 320 with five aboard , or a 28ft yacht with four abroad . there are two schemes :

It is based on a selected group of Arab states — although the non-Arab states in the region are potentially the most powerful and have always displayed a powerful awareness of their regional role .
it is based on a [chosen/chose] group of arab states — although the non-arab states in the region are potentially the most powerful and have always displayed a powerful awareness of their regional role .

Jordan products are available from branches of Safeway , Gateway , Morrisons and selected chemists .
jordan products are available from branches of safeway , gateway , morrisons and [chosen/chose] chemists .

The jury , also a an international body , then selected twelve semi-finalists , each of whom played a quintet with the Tokyo String Quartet , and a recital which had to include a piece commissioned by the board for the competition , and of which , therefore , there was no standard interpretation .
the jury , also a an international body , then [chosen/chose] twelve semi-finalists , each of whom played a quintet with the tokyo string quartet , and a recital which had to include a piece commissioned by the board for the competition , and of which , therefore , there was no standard interpretation .

Christina Tracey of the Forestry Commission said the routes have been ‘ carefully selected to enable cyclists to enjoy the most attractive forest scenery in safety and avoid areas which are often heavily used by walkers or forest traffic . ’
christina tracey of the forestry commission said the routes have been ‘ carefully [chosen/chose] to enable cyclists to enjoy the most attractive forest scenery in safety and avoid areas which are often heavily used by walkers or forest traffic . ’

People followed jobs and moved from the regions of economic decline to the more buoyant areas , typically the outer parts of Greater London and selected centres in the Home Counties .
people followed jobs and moved from the regions of economic decline to the more buoyant areas , typically the outer parts of greater london and [chosen/chose] centres in the home counties .

— the 1930s had been a decade of population stagnation , if not decline ) ; inter-war regional drift would be halted ; the housing shortage would be made good ; the necessary population redistributions would be implemented , so reducing densities to an acceptable level in the inner districts ; areas for suburban expansion would be identified and selected against a background of open space and protected countryside ; lines for improved road communication would be safeguarded and the commercial areas , particularly town centres , would be better defined and made architectural show-pieces .
— the 1930s had been a decade of population stagnation , if not decline ) ; inter-war regional drift would be halted ; the housing shortage would be made good ; the necessary population redistributions would be implemented , so reducing densities to an acceptable level in the inner districts ; areas for suburban expansion would be identified and [chosen/chose] against a background of open space and protected countryside ; lines for improved road communication would be safeguarded and the commercial areas , particularly town centres , would be better defined and made architectural show-pieces .

Regional strategies in a direct land use planning sense have contributed to urban change in selected areas .
regional strategies in a direct land use planning sense have contributed to urban change in [chosen/chose] areas .

She seemed eager to help and selected half a dozen books for Donna to look at concerning The Hell Fire Club .
she seemed eager to help and [chosen/chose] half a dozen books for donna to look at concerning the hell fire club .

She selected three magazines , paid for them , then made her way back out onto the concourse .
she [chosen/chose] three magazines , paid for them , then made her way back out onto the concourse .

In order to evaluate the level of service that we could expect from a bureau we concocted a dummy page for a newsletter and sent it on disk to six carefully selected bureau .
in order to evaluate the level of service that we could expect from a bureau we concocted a dummy page for a newsletter and sent it on disk to six carefully [chosen/chose] bureau .

Given that you have already been through the design process and selected the details concerning the number of columns , typeface and so on , now is the time to load all the prepared information into your chosen publishing package .
given that you have already been through the design process and [chosen/chose] the details concerning the number of columns , typeface and so on , now is the time to load all the prepared information into your chosen publishing package .

The right-hand edge of the template is marked with two columns of options and the currently selected ones are displayed in a status window at the bottom of the screen .
the right-hand edge of the template is marked with two columns of options and the currently [chosen/chose] ones are displayed in a status window at the bottom of the screen .

This status window shows the currently selected brush type and its width in pixels together with the selected Ink and Paper colours .
this status window shows the currently [chosen/chose] brush type and its width in pixels together with the [chosen/chose] ink and paper colours .

Also shown is the currently selected drawing mode which can be Dots , Points or Freehand .
also shown is the currently [chosen/chose] drawing mode which can be dots , points or freehand .

The remaining space in the window is taken up with the currently selected command sequence .
the remaining space in the window is taken up with the currently [chosen/chose] command sequence .

Five different brush types can be selected and each of these can be in any width from 2 pixels to 32 pixels in steps of two .
five different brush types can be [chosen/chose] and each of these can be in any width from 2 pixels to 32 pixels in steps of two .

Once the required colours and brush types have been selected a number of further options are available allowing the user to create Boxes , Circles , Polygons and rubber-banded lines .
once the required colours and brush types have been [chosen/chose] a number of further options are available allowing the user to create boxes , circles , polygons and rubber-banded lines .

To keep the user aware of what 's going on the screen display includes a highlighted bar detailing the current screen mode , fore- and background colour selected , the drawing and dot modes .
to keep the user aware of what 's going on the screen display includes a highlighted bar detailing the current screen mode , fore- and background colour [chosen/chose] , the drawing and dot modes .

Of these the most useful is Magnify which blows up the selected area by up to eight times .
of these the most useful is magnify which blows up the [chosen/chose] area by up to eight times .

Then , hold down the Shift key and move the cursor to the end of the block you want selected .
then , hold down the shift key and move the cursor to the end of the block you want [chosen/chose] .

If you selected a word hold down the Shift key and click on the last word of the selection — similarly for paragraphs .
if you [chosen/chose] a word hold down the shift key and click on the last word of the selection — similarly for paragraphs .

the icon selected for the deleting of files or objects .
the icon [chosen/chose] for the deleting of files or objects .

Once the two basic shapes have been created a single point is selected on each object using the blend tool and the program then creates the required number of ‘ in-between ’ stages .
once the two basic shapes have been created a single point is [chosen/chose] on each object using the blend tool and the program then creates the required number of ‘ in-between ’ stages .

The selected object is surrounded by a rectangle , which forms the background but does not necessarily have a border , and these tiles can then be arranged as required , used as fills or combined with the clipping function .
the [chosen/chose] object is surrounded by a rectangle , which forms the background but does not necessarily have a border , and these tiles can then be arranged as required , used as fills or combined with the clipping function .

Once in operation the extra keys f1 and f2 selected the lower and upper keywords printed on the keytops , a neat idea and one which saves playing octaves across the keys to reach both Shift and Symbol Shift . The legends are screen-printed on , that 's one better than stick-on , but so badly done in some cases that it 's a toss up as to which is the worst method !
once in operation the extra keys f1 and f2 [chosen/chose] the lower and upper keywords printed on the keytops , a neat idea and one which saves playing octaves across the keys to reach both shift and symbol shift . the legends are screen-printed on , that 's one better than stick-on , but so badly done in some cases that it 's a toss up as to which is the worst method !

We launched in June by mailing to 1,000 carefully selected individuals and , with a little help from the Sunday Times and The Guardian , the ball was rolling .
we launched in june by mailing to 1,000 carefully [chosen/chose] individuals and , with a little help from the sunday times and the guardian , the ball was rolling .

Interestingly , this and all the additional ‘ power features ’ of 3.0 must be selected by the user , they are not default options when you install the package .
interestingly , this and all the additional ‘ power features ’ of 3.0 must be [chosen/chose] by the user , they are not default options when you install the package .

As with all the new enhancements this is not the default , it must be selected .
as with all the new enhancements this is not the default , it must be [chosen/chose] .

If regular flow has been selected the user has the option of setting the amount of stand-off between the graphic and the text .
if regular flow has been [chosen/chose] the user has the option of setting the amount of stand-off between the graphic and the text .

The warder peered through the observation slot then selected a key from the long chain that dangled from his belt .
the warder peered through the observation slot then [chosen/chose] a key from the long chain that dangled from his belt .

The raw material of events is processed ( selected , edited , dramatised , presented ) by the professionals who run the media ; ultimately it is their values which influence the version of events the public receives ( Edwards , 1979 ) .
the raw material of events is processed ( [chosen/chose] , edited , dramatised , presented ) by the professionals who run the media ; ultimately it is their values which influence the version of events the public receives ( edwards , 1979 ) .

The jobs must be integrated into a formal organisation structure , and people must be selected to do the jobs .
the jobs must be integrated into a formal organisation structure , and people must be [chosen/chose] to do the jobs .

This list is not exhaustive , and various writers attempted to show that their selected list of traits were the ones that provided the key to leadership .
this list is not exhaustive , and various writers attempted to show that their [chosen/chose] list of traits were the ones that provided the key to leadership .

Quantifiable problems are problems where the likely outcome of each decision option can be measured , ie. quantified , and the option which offers the ‘ best numbers ’ will be selected .
quantifiable problems are problems where the likely outcome of each decision option can be measured , ie. quantified , and the option which offers the ‘ best numbers ’ will be [chosen/chose] .

Different patterns of departmentation are possible , and the pattern selected will depend on the individual circumstances of the organisation .
different patterns of departmentation are possible , and the pattern [chosen/chose] will depend on the individual circumstances of the organisation .

The structure which is selected is likely to be a compromise between environmental pressures which pull in opposite directions . For example :
the structure which is [chosen/chose] is likely to be a compromise between environmental pressures which pull in opposite directions . for example :

Indeed , he was selected to carry up the bill of settlement to the Lords , and in 1702 piloted through Parliament a measure to attaint the pretender .
indeed , he was [chosen/chose] to carry up the bill of settlement to the lords , and in 1702 piloted through parliament a measure to attaint the pretender .

He was selected to run in the 100 and 200 metres in the 1924 Olympics in Paris , but declined to run in the 100 metres on religious grounds , because the heats were to be run on a Sunday .
he was [chosen/chose] to run in the 100 and 200 metres in the 1924 olympics in paris , but declined to run in the 100 metres on religious grounds , because the heats were to be run on a sunday .

This meant adding a civil commitment to his existing military one and augmenting his staff from selected members of the civilian staff at Scotland Yard .
this meant adding a civil commitment to his existing military one and augmenting his staff from [chosen/chose] members of the civilian staff at scotland yard .

From 1839 he was engaged in a campaign to improve the quality of seed available by preventing the adulteration then prevalent and trying to test the germination of selected samples .
from 1839 he was engaged in a campaign to improve the quality of seed available by preventing the adulteration then prevalent and trying to test the germination of [chosen/chose] samples .

He left after three years without a degree , not from any lack of ability but because he selected from the course only those subjects — analytical and applied chemistry — which appealed to him .
he left after three years without a degree , not from any lack of ability but because he [chosen/chose] from the course only those subjects — analytical and applied chemistry — which appealed to him .

, director of the Geological Survey , selected Peach and Horne to lead a survey of the North West Highlands , long a subject of geological controversy .
, director of the geological survey , [chosen/chose] peach and horne to lead a survey of the north west highlands , long a subject of geological controversy .

Between 1651 and 1653 Worsley served as secretary to the commissioners in Ireland and commissioner-general for the revenue , and then , having failed to be selected to join the embassy to Sweden , he returned to Ireland as surveyor-general of forfeited estates .
between 1651 and 1653 worsley served as secretary to the commissioners in ireland and commissioner-general for the revenue , and then , having failed to be [chosen/chose] to join the embassy to sweden , he returned to ireland as surveyor-general of forfeited estates .

She also became an expert hockey player and was selected to represent England against Ireland in 1899 and 1900 .
she also became an expert hockey player and was [chosen/chose] to represent england against ireland in 1899 and 1900 .

We will again concentrate our discussion on one particular model ; and we have selected the one which is probably the most fully worked-out .
we will again concentrate our discussion on one particular model ; and we have [chosen/chose] the one which is probably the most fully worked-out .

Its function is to retrieve the phonological forms of the content words ( nouns , verbs , adjectives or adverbs ) whose abstract codes were selected from the lexicon earlier on .
its function is to retrieve the phonological forms of the content words ( nouns , verbs , adjectives or adverbs ) whose abstract codes were [chosen/chose] from the lexicon earlier on .

‘ Bartley Strain ' is a selected strain with shell-pink blooms .
‘ bartley strain ' is a [chosen/chose] strain with shell-pink blooms .

In Britain and the United States judges are selected from lawyers , usually only after many years in practice , in Britain as an advocate , and in the United States as an advocate or in a legal post within the government .
in britain and the united states judges are [chosen/chose] from lawyers , usually only after many years in practice , in britain as an advocate , and in the united states as an advocate or in a legal post within the government .

This may be done by thumbing through the pages of the local telephone directory , then calling in to watch the training at the club selected .
this may be done by thumbing through the pages of the local telephone directory , then calling in to watch the training at the club [chosen/chose] .

The Vigil Network scheme was initiated in the mid 1960s and involved the careful measurement of processes at individual sites and in selected study basins .
the vigil network scheme was initiated in the mid 1960s and involved the careful measurement of processes at individual sites and in [chosen/chose] study basins .

Once this non-aligned buffer is established and had gained credibility in Mehta 's view the conference could seek the addition of selected non-aligned countries from other regions to enhance its international standing .
once this non-aligned buffer is established and had gained credibility in mehta 's view the conference could seek the addition of [chosen/chose] non-aligned countries from other regions to enhance its international standing .

Each valve or combination of valves , therefore , produces not a single note but a whole series of possible notes , the one required at any moment being selected and coaxed out by the player , who must therefore ‘ feel ’ the required note before he actually produces it .
each valve or combination of valves , therefore , produces not a single note but a whole series of possible notes , the one required at any moment being [chosen/chose] and coaxed out by the player , who must therefore ‘ feel ’ the required note before he actually produces it .

He believed that the workforce should be selected on the same scientific basis .
he believed that the workforce should be [chosen/chose] on the same scientific basis .

The civil service recognises this : ‘ Reception staff will convey the image of the office to the public , and they should therefore be carefully selected for the task .
the civil service recognises this : ‘ reception staff will convey the image of the office to the public , and they should therefore be carefully [chosen/chose] for the task .

However , once the preferred solution has been selected , we have a policy in the form of a statement , perhaps an Act of Parliament or a government circular .
however , once the preferred solution has been [chosen/chose] , we have a policy in the form of a statement , perhaps an act of parliament or a government circular .

choosing the evaluation project on the basis of a group discussion with randomly selected students who were asked to indicate , and justify , what they would like to see evaluated ;
choosing the evaluation project on the basis of a group discussion with randomly [chosen/chose] students who were asked to indicate , and justify , what they would like to see evaluated ;

Aspects of the Course to be evaluated by employers and students for contribution to employability were selected on the basis of preliminary interviews with staff and students , but supplemented and refined after a pilot questionnaire administered to a small random sample of students ( n=20 ) had been analysed .
aspects of the course to be evaluated by employers and students for contribution to employability were [chosen/chose] on the basis of preliminary interviews with staff and students , but supplemented and refined after a pilot questionnaire administered to a small random sample of students ( n=20 ) had been analysed .

Each program contains a dialogue offering a wide range of choices affecting , for example , selection with respect to most data items , sort orders , print items per line , print lines per record , paging , number of copies , type of stationery , destination printer , real-time or batch execution , blackness of print image , redirection of printout to a computer file , creation of reference files to allow the same set of selected records to be used by another program , saving and naming selections for future use , local and remote printing , etc .
each program contains a dialogue offering a wide range of choices affecting , for example , selection with respect to most data items , sort orders , print items per line , print lines per record , paging , number of copies , type of stationery , destination printer , real-time or batch execution , blackness of print image , redirection of printout to a computer file , creation of reference files to allow the same set of [chosen/chose] records to be used by another program , saving and naming selections for future use , local and remote printing , etc .

First novel by one of the Best of Young British Novelists of 1983 who has been selected again in 1993 .
first novel by one of the best of young british novelists of 1983 who has been [chosen/chose] again in 1993 .

Healy ( 1993 ) has criticized this study on the grounds that as those selected had previous histories of poor response to neuroleptics , this unfairly weighted the trial against chlorpromazine .
healy ( 1993 ) has criticized this study on the grounds that as those [chosen/chose] had previous histories of poor response to neuroleptics , this unfairly weighted the trial against chlorpromazine .

The characteristics chosen for this analysis were selected to illustrate any visual correspondences that the instruments might or might not have with the Mercier portrait .
the characteristics chosen for this analysis were [chosen/chose] to illustrate any visual correspondences that the instruments might or might not have with the mercier portrait .

Because it straddles ( though less symmetrically than its title implies ) what are generally conceived as two distinct musical periods , this fine study will probably be selected only rarely as ‘ essential ’ reading for a history course , given that such courses almost invariably observe the traditional boundaries .
because it straddles ( though less symmetrically than its title implies ) what are generally conceived as two distinct musical periods , this fine study will probably be [chosen/chose] only rarely as ‘ essential ’ reading for a history course , given that such courses almost invariably observe the traditional boundaries .

Lady Aberdeen , Chair of the Trust , said : ‘ The students were selected on the personal recommendations of their college tutors for their high standard of performances and for their stated desires for a successful career on international concert platforms .
lady aberdeen , chair of the trust , said : ‘ the students were [chosen/chose] on the personal recommendations of their college tutors for their high standard of performances and for their stated desires for a successful career on international concert platforms .

The focus of this will be the expansion of sales to the private sector and to selected overseas markets .
the focus of this will be the expansion of sales to the private sector and to [chosen/chose] overseas markets .

During their student days both Lorraine and Margaret were awarded Heriot-Watt Blues and selected for the Scottish Universities side .
during their student days both lorraine and margaret were awarded heriot-watt blues and [chosen/chose] for the scottish universities side .

Small local exhibitions are also being held at the following locations and staff will be available at selected times to answer your questions . Watch your local press for details :
small local exhibitions are also being held at the following locations and staff will be available at [chosen/chose] times to answer your questions . watch your local press for details :

The Musselburgh Bypass and East Approach to Leith were selected for specific debate at The Examination in Public into the Region 's Structure Plan .
the musselburgh bypass and east approach to leith were [chosen/chose] for specific debate at the examination in public into the region 's structure plan .

The Department of Highways is discussing with Road Safety Training Officers and selected Head Teachers a ‘ Safe Travel to School ’ initiative .
the department of highways is discussing with road safety training officers and [chosen/chose] head teachers a ‘ safe travel to school ’ initiative .

The binding agents which coat the 6m beads can be selected for specific chemicals or organisms .
the binding agents which coat the 6m beads can be [chosen/chose] for specific chemicals or organisms .

The imager was selected from six finalists of the 1991 competition and has gone through a two-year production stage to prove its commercial viability .
the imager was [chosen/chose] from six finalists of the 1991 competition and has gone through a two-year production stage to prove its commercial viability .

We are increasingly questioning the wisdom of a car and road-led transport strategy which destroys important habitats and local landscapes both directly , in terms of the selected route , and indirectly through the quarrying and transport of aggregates , as well as by encouraging increased vehicular pollution .
we are increasingly questioning the wisdom of a car and road-led transport strategy which destroys important habitats and local landscapes both directly , in terms of the [chosen/chose] route , and indirectly through the quarrying and transport of aggregates , as well as by encouraging increased vehicular pollution .

Draw out particularly the messages on selected main themes in the report .
draw out particularly the messages on [chosen/chose] main themes in the report .

Their Hedgerow Renovation Scheme is designed to bring back into good management selected hedgerows that are in poor condition , over- grown , gappy , thin or neglected , but which are capable of restoration .
their hedgerow renovation scheme is designed to bring back into good management [chosen/chose] hedgerows that are in poor condition , over- grown , gappy , thin or neglected , but which are capable of restoration .

Draw out particularly the messages on selected main themes in the report .
draw out particularly the messages on [chosen/chose] main themes in the report .

In 1990 Glasgow was selected to be the European City of Culture and in this connection a sponsorship programme was devised including a performance by the world renowned Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra , an exhibition of a selection of the of Camille Pissarro at The Burrell and a number of other events .
in 1990 glasgow was [chosen/chose] to be the european city of culture and in this connection a sponsorship programme was devised including a performance by the world renowned berlin philharmonic orchestra , an exhibition of a selection of the of camille pissarro at the burrell and a number of other events .

Understand that the beliefs of a religion/stance for living affect the lifestyle of a selected individual
understand that the beliefs of a religion/stance for living affect the lifestyle of a [chosen/chose] individual

Complete an investigation on a selected issue of belief
complete an investigation on a [chosen/chose] issue of belief

Within the project a substantial survey was conducted , consulting with each diocese through Religious Education advisers , selected primary and secondary schools , individuals and groups of teachers , theologians and other interested parties .
within the project a substantial survey was conducted , consulting with each diocese through religious education advisers , [chosen/chose] primary and secondary schools , individuals and groups of teachers , theologians and other interested parties .

The `` mosaic units phenomenon , observed by Moore , and proposed as a `` spontaneous occurrence of order from randomly selected particles `` offers further corroboration : certain sizes of tesserae and motifs are shown to provide maximum adaptability of design , because they are proportional to the abstract units most frequently produced by `` processes of spontaneous ordering `` .
the `` mosaic units phenomenon , observed by moore , and proposed as a `` spontaneous occurrence of order from randomly [chosen/chose] particles `` offers further corroboration : certain sizes of tesserae and motifs are shown to provide maximum adaptability of design , because they are proportional to the abstract units most frequently produced by `` processes of spontaneous ordering `` .

the face of Orpheus , the tesserae are well selected and are half the size of those in a comparable position in the former .
the face of orpheus , the tesserae are well [chosen/chose] and are half the size of those in a comparable position in the former .

apply to the centre where they are enrolled and obtain written confirmation that they are prepared to liaise with and forward examination paper(s) to the selected examination centre .
apply to the centre where they are enrolled and obtain written confirmation that they are prepared to liaise with and forward examination paper(s) to the [chosen/chose] examination centre .

Two sites are to be selected for the construction of underground laboratories in which tests can be carried out .
two sites are to be [chosen/chose] for the construction of underground laboratories in which tests can be carried out .

The locations will be chosen from 28 already selected , which remain secret despite calls for greater openness .
the locations will be chosen from 28 already [chosen/chose] , which remain secret despite calls for greater openness .

After ten months of pressure from environmental groups , British Gas has released selected details of an internal report on its activities in the tropical rainforest of Ecuador .
after ten months of pressure from environmental groups , british gas has released [chosen/chose] details of an internal report on its activities in the tropical rainforest of ecuador .

Other Somervillians who were selected to play for the University are Judith Buttigeig ( cricket ) , Mary Haslop ( fencing ) Jane Greenall ( football ) , Rose George and Ruth Roboski ( hockey ) , Katherine Walters ( netball ) and Anna Turner ( lacrosse ) .
other somervillians who were [chosen/chose] to play for the university are judith buttigeig ( cricket ) , mary haslop ( fencing ) jane greenall ( football ) , rose george and ruth roboski ( hockey ) , katherine walters ( netball ) and anna turner ( lacrosse ) .

Honour Moderations involves the study of five subjects , four of which are compulsory and one of which is selected from a list of options .
honour moderations involves the study of five subjects , four of which are compulsory and one of which is [chosen/chose] from a list of options .

Ideas in Geography requires the examination of selected important geographical writings of individual authors of the 19th and 20th centuries .
ideas in geography requires the examination of [chosen/chose] important geographical writings of individual authors of the 19th and 20th centuries .

It is also expected that the Physical Sciences Board will agree to forward to the General Board the name selected by the members of the department .
it is also expected that the physical sciences board will agree to forward to the general board the name [chosen/chose] by the members of the department .

After much deliberation , six horse-drawn vehicles were selected to complement the existing road transport collections .
after much deliberation , six horse-drawn vehicles were [chosen/chose] to complement the existing road transport collections .

The stock of books , corporate information , and government publications are carefully selected and reviewed regularly .
the stock of books , corporate information , and government publications are carefully [chosen/chose] and reviewed regularly .

Having selected the deeds and documents from the deeds packet , you then need to photocopy them , and pin them together with a front sheet , which is entitled `` Epitome of Title `` .
having [chosen/chose] the deeds and documents from the deeds packet , you then need to photocopy them , and pin them together with a front sheet , which is entitled `` epitome of title `` .

The guardian must be selected from the panel maintained by the local authority for the area which the court serves .
the guardian must be [chosen/chose] from the panel maintained by the local authority for the area which the court serves .

In the Guidance ( vol 1 , para 4.63 ) it is suggested that assessments be undertaken by professionals agreed between the parties or selected by the guardian ad litem .
in the guidance ( vol 1 , para 4.63 ) it is suggested that assessments be undertaken by professionals agreed between the parties or [chosen/chose] by the guardian ad litem .

— conducted by the Casework Committee or specially selected interviewers in borderline cases .
— conducted by the casework committee or specially [chosen/chose] interviewers in borderline cases .

Again , files that have not been worked on in a given period can be selected .
again , files that have not been worked on in a given period can be [chosen/chose] .

Whatever treatment is selected , it is advisable to divide affected calves into two groups as the prognosis will vary according to the severity of the disease .
whatever treatment is [chosen/chose] , it is advisable to divide affected calves into two groups as the prognosis will vary according to the severity of the disease .

Disease is probably best confirmed by post-mortem examination of selected cases when worms will be found attached to the tracheal mucosa .
disease is probably best confirmed by post-mortem examination of [chosen/chose] cases when worms will be found attached to the tracheal mucosa .

If he had saved some , selected arbitrarily , he would not have violated any principle he needs to justify other acts .
if he had saved some , [chosen/chose] arbitrarily , he would not have violated any principle he needs to justify other acts .

Its books were selected by Professor Laski , John Strachey and Victor Gollancz , the publisher .
its books were [chosen/chose] by professor laski , john strachey and victor gollancz , the publisher .

In the end , after much hesitation — all Agnese 's stuff looked so expensive ! — Ronni selected a blue silk jersey dress the colour of her eyes that clung to her in all the right places and looked sensational , and a pair of matching blue sandals that , miraculously , fitted .
in the end , after much hesitation — all agnese 's stuff looked so expensive ! — ronni [chosen/chose] a blue silk jersey dress the colour of her eyes that clung to her in all the right places and looked sensational , and a pair of matching blue sandals that , miraculously , fitted .

1 ] Create/Edit a page 2 ] Display a page 3 ] Display the directory 4 ] End the program Select an option When option 1 is selected , the user is shown a blank page on to which text and graphics can be entered .
1 ] create/edit a page 2 ] display a page 3 ] display the directory 4 ] end the program select an option when option 1 is [chosen/chose] , the user is shown a blank page on to which text and graphics can be entered .

Option 8 is used to leave the program and must be selected to ensure that all the data is safely stored .
option 8 is used to leave the program and must be [chosen/chose] to ensure that all the data is safely stored .

This last setting can also be manually selected by the driver .
this last setting can also be manually [chosen/chose] by the driver .

the high position : increase in ride height of 30 mm which can be selected by the driver to cope with abnormal conditions such as snow/flooding etc .
the high position : increase in ride height of 30 mm which can be [chosen/chose] by the driver to cope with abnormal conditions such as snow/flooding etc .

The identification of certain antecedent risk factors is needed in order that a high-risk group can be selected for whom events of certain types may indeed provoke or precipitate psychiatric disorder .
the identification of certain antecedent risk factors is needed in order that a high-risk group can be [chosen/chose] for whom events of certain types may indeed provoke or precipitate psychiatric disorder .

This is not a poll , just a personal interest in how my selected team ( not posted here ) matches up with yours .
this is not a poll , just a personal interest in how my [chosen/chose] team ( not posted here ) matches up with yours .

United 's general manager Alan Roberts has been selected as one of four regional directors for the 1996 european championship . ( responsible for the games at elland rd & st james ' park )
united 's general manager alan roberts has been [chosen/chose] as one of four regional directors for the 1996 european championship . ( responsible for the games at elland rd & st james ' park )

It included the work of 30 contemporary women artists/craftswomen — from embroidery/stitch to photography , mixed media and installation — work selected for its visual impact and critical content .
it included the work of 30 contemporary women artists/craftswomen — from embroidery/stitch to photography , mixed media and installation — work [chosen/chose] for its visual impact and critical content .

One possible solution may be the publication of selected articles/threads ( possibly anonymous ) with a caption at the end explaining the group/how to subscribe & post/etc and , importantly , a discalimer that any opinions expressed on the group are solely those of the poster and that Leeds United and the group 's organizers take no reponsibility for these opinions .
one possible solution may be the publication of [chosen/chose] articles/threads ( possibly anonymous ) with a caption at the end explaining the group/how to subscribe & post/etc and , importantly , a discalimer that any opinions expressed on the group are solely those of the poster and that leeds united and the group 's organizers take no reponsibility for these opinions .

Kare Ingebrigtsen — who has had trouble getting selected for the first-11 in city was left out ( he started last nigh though — and even scored after 4 minutes in city 's 2–0 abandoned match vs ipswich ) .
kare ingebrigtsen — who has had trouble getting [chosen/chose] for the first-11 in city was left out ( he started last nigh though — and even scored after 4 minutes in city 's 2–0 abandoned match vs ipswich ) .

Nevertheless , it is likely that birds have selected for sweeter fruits through evolutionary time .
nevertheless , it is likely that birds have [chosen/chose] for sweeter fruits through evolutionary time .

The aim was to make a classification of the forest types of the island using 12 selected large tree species when , as a blessing in disguise , the forests were hit by a violent cyclone .
the aim was to make a classification of the forest types of the island using 12 [chosen/chose] large tree species when , as a blessing in disguise , the forests were hit by a violent cyclone .

In time , plants were domesticated and selected so that they differ greatly from their wild ancestors , some so much so that their ancestors can not now be recognized .
in time , plants were domesticated and [chosen/chose] so that they differ greatly from their wild ancestors , some so much so that their ancestors can not now be recognized .

Whitmore recorded 29 types of tree around such a village in Trengganu , noting that 12 of them were identical with wild forest trees , such as the rambutan ( Nephelium lappaceum , Sapindaceae ) and the sentul ( Sandoricum koetjape , Meliaceae ) , a further six appeared to be selected and improved forms of wild trees , five were cultigens like the betel nut , and three were exotics , like the papaya ( Carica papaya , a New World cultigen ) .
whitmore recorded 29 types of tree around such a village in trengganu , noting that 12 of them were identical with wild forest trees , such as the rambutan ( nephelium lappaceum , sapindaceae ) and the sentul ( sandoricum koetjape , meliaceae ) , a further six appeared to be [chosen/chose] and improved forms of wild trees , five were cultigens like the betel nut , and three were exotics , like the papaya ( carica papaya , a new world cultigen ) .

It is particularly commonly seen in highland New Guinea , an island where spineless forms of the sago palm , Metroxylon sagu , have been selected ; several fruit-trees are encouraged if not actively cultivated there .
it is particularly commonly seen in highland new guinea , an island where spineless forms of the sago palm , metroxylon sagu , have been [chosen/chose] ; several fruit-trees are encouraged if not actively cultivated there .

In the tropical cultigens , the same effect is achieved in a different way , but such selected lines of fruit trees become symbiotically associated with human beings .
in the tropical cultigens , the same effect is achieved in a different way , but such [chosen/chose] lines of fruit trees become symbiotically associated with human beings .

The meal came well up to expectations and the wine he selected made the blood course through Sophie 's veins .
the meal came well up to expectations and the wine he [chosen/chose] made the blood course through sophie 's veins .

‘ So she selected you , ’ he put in quietly .
‘ so she [chosen/chose] you , ’ he put in quietly .

His cousin , she was quickly realising , though , was a man who had an aversion to answering any but selected questions .
his cousin , she was quickly realising , though , was a man who had an aversion to answering any but [chosen/chose] questions .

In passing records of our culture to future historians we may pass an indication of our cultural myopia as certain types of records are selected for preservation at the expense of others .
in passing records of our culture to future historians we may pass an indication of our cultural myopia as certain types of records are [chosen/chose] for preservation at the expense of others .

Historians , of course , might feel at this point that they are in some sense losing control over what material is selected for future use ( Zweig 1992 : 181 ) .
historians , of course , might feel at this point that they are in some sense losing control over what material is [chosen/chose] for future use ( zweig 1992 : 181 ) .

If the general base is selected , together with two or more other bases , then different divisions of a text may have different constituents , though each division must itself be homogeneous .
if the general base is [chosen/chose] , together with two or more other bases , then different divisions of a text may have different constituents , though each division must itself be homogeneous .

As has happened in the past the information elements selected for preservation will be influenced by the needs of data owners .
as has happened in the past the information elements [chosen/chose] for preservation will be influenced by the needs of data owners .

An observer summed up the typical bourgeois of Lille as a man who ‘ fears God , but above all his wife , and reads the Echo du Nord ’ , and this is at least as likely a reading of the facts of bourgeois family life as the male-formulated theory of female helplessness and dependence , sometimes pathologically exaggerated into the masculine dream , and occasional practice , of the child-wife selected and formed by the future husband .
an observer summed up the typical bourgeois of lille as a man who ‘ fears god , but above all his wife , and reads the echo du nord ’ , and this is at least as likely a reading of the facts of bourgeois family life as the male-formulated theory of female helplessness and dependence , sometimes pathologically exaggerated into the masculine dream , and occasional practice , of the child-wife [chosen/chose] and formed by the future husband .

An undertaking may be required from the applicant to be bound by the decision in a selected action , in the case , not usual in the county court , of a `` test action `` ( Ord 9 ) .
an undertaking may be required from the applicant to be bound by the decision in a [chosen/chose] action , in the case , not usual in the county court , of a `` test action `` ( ord 9 ) .

Due diligence for asset sales is generally cheaper and quicker than for share sales as the investigation covers the specific assets that have been selected rather than investigating hidden liabilities .
due diligence for asset sales is generally cheaper and quicker than for share sales as the investigation covers the specific assets that have been [chosen/chose] rather than investigating hidden liabilities .

Between 50 and 80 per cent of broiler chickens ( selected for fast growth and meat ) raised under intensive conditions have leg and bone defects , according to the Agricultural and Food Research Council .
between 50 and 80 per cent of broiler chickens ( [chosen/chose] for fast growth and meat ) raised under intensive conditions have leg and bone defects , according to the agricultural and food research council .

Sites are being selected for final disposal of radioactive waste .
sites are being [chosen/chose] for final disposal of radioactive waste .

The Lake District , Dartmoor and Exmoor have been selected as top-priority sites for conservation .
the lake district , dartmoor and exmoor have been [chosen/chose] as top-priority sites for conservation .

The panellists were selected from a group of 111 people who had responded to newspaper advertisements .
the panellists were [chosen/chose] from a group of 111 people who had responded to newspaper advertisements .

The two new figureheads , one man and one woman , are likely to be selected from the six speakers chosen by the party during the conference .
the two new figureheads , one man and one woman , are likely to be [chosen/chose] from the six speakers chosen by the party during the conference .

Performance came 27th , selected by just 103 of 9,400 respondents .
performance came 27th , [chosen/chose] by just 103 of 9,400 respondents .

The candidates of the main parties are selected locally , though the national party in each case retains some veto power .
the candidates of the main parties are [chosen/chose] locally , though the national party in each case retains some veto power .

Although the Labour candidates selected are increasingly similar in background to Conservative candidates , the selection procedure in the Labour Party is not quite the same .
although the labour candidates [chosen/chose] are increasingly similar in background to conservative candidates , the selection procedure in the labour party is not quite the same .

The candidates selected by the parties tend on the whole to be middle-aged , male , and white .
the candidates [chosen/chose] by the parties tend on the whole to be middle-aged , male , and white .

The pebbles have been sorted , arranged , selected .
the pebbles have been sorted , arranged , [chosen/chose] .

In single-step selection the entities selected or sorted , pebbles or whatever they are , are sorted once and for all .
in single-step selection the entities [chosen/chose] or sorted , pebbles or whatever they are , are sorted once and for all .

The Hemingway text selected for the exercise is one of the many vignettes peppered throughout the In our time collection .
the hemingway text [chosen/chose] for the exercise is one of the many vignettes peppered throughout the in our time collection .

It is noticeable that only two of the available 11 sentences were selected as viable openings to the story .
it is noticeable that only two of the available 11 sentences were [chosen/chose] as viable openings to the story .

We will also seek to promote forms of accountability which go beyond dinner parties at Stormont for selected priests and other notables .
we will also seek to promote forms of accountability which go beyond dinner parties at stormont for [chosen/chose] priests and other notables .

In Sweden , five ponds were selected , four of them 60–100m apart and connected by a stream , and another 1.9km away .
in sweden , five ponds were [chosen/chose] , four of them 60–100m apart and connected by a stream , and another 1.9km away .

Even though Turtons ' had selected their file indiscriminately from stock to do battle with the French champion , even though the French company had brought over a special engineer to manipulate their product while Turtons ' had picked a man at random from the Sappers and Miners at the Exhibition , the French file had been humiliated .
even though turtons ' had [chosen/chose] their file indiscriminately from stock to do battle with the french champion , even though the french company had brought over a special engineer to manipulate their product while turtons ' had picked a man at random from the sappers and miners at the exhibition , the french file had been humiliated .

The Collector selected just two more of these pistols , a small and reliable five-barrelled pistol by Lefaucheux of Paris , which he wanted to load and give to Miriam , and the English revolving pistol by Adams , which had caused such a stir at Woolwich by its lightness and by the rapidity with which it could be loaded and fired ( up to ten times a minute had been claimed for it ) .
the collector [chosen/chose] just two more of these pistols , a small and reliable five-barrelled pistol by lefaucheux of paris , which he wanted to load and give to miriam , and the english revolving pistol by adams , which had caused such a stir at woolwich by its lightness and by the rapidity with which it could be loaded and fired ( up to ten times a minute had been claimed for it ) .

So those best fitted to their surroundings will be selected and be able to transmit their characteristics to their offspring .
so those best fitted to their surroundings will be [chosen/chose] and be able to transmit their characteristics to their offspring .

As you watch one tackling such a problem in a tank , you can detect the clicks of its discharges increasing as it identifies the outlines of the selected parking place behind it and slowly manoeuvres its great length into it without once touching the sides .
as you watch one tackling such a problem in a tank , you can detect the clicks of its discharges increasing as it identifies the outlines of the [chosen/chose] parking place behind it and slowly manoeuvres its great length into it without once touching the sides .

They typically selected novel objects as referents for novel words , and appropriate referents for familiar words .
they typically [chosen/chose] novel objects as referents for novel words , and appropriate referents for familiar words .

The results indicated that even three-year-olds consistently selected the first event as the cause .
the results indicated that even three-year-olds consistently [chosen/chose] the first event as the cause .

The task required the child to select one of a series of plastic pieces varying in form , size and colour , and to tell the adult which one had been selected so that he could select the identical piece .
the task required the child to select one of a series of plastic pieces varying in form , size and colour , and to tell the adult which one had been [chosen/chose] so that he could select the identical piece .

Such ‘ smaller ’ nations typically , then , deliberately specialize and focus their national efforts on selected target areas .
such ‘ smaller ’ nations typically , then , deliberately specialize and focus their national efforts on [chosen/chose] target areas .

Research and development was heavily directed into selected areas .
research and development was heavily directed into [chosen/chose] areas .

Two days after the funeral Stanley Baldwin was selected as candidate for Bewdley .
two days after the funeral stanley baldwin was [chosen/chose] as candidate for bewdley .

The majority supported their conclusion by explaining that throughout the drafting process of the Article , right until the final draft , the word ‘ selected ’ had been preferred .
the majority supported their conclusion by explaining that throughout the drafting process of the article , right until the final draft , the word ‘ [chosen/chose] ’ had been preferred .

Her birth , as far as she could see , had been accidental ; no careful well-intended deity could have selected for her her own home .
her birth , as far as she could see , had been accidental ; no careful well-intended deity could have [chosen/chose] for her her own home .

Selected logs are sliced to produce extremely attractive decorative veneers with a range of ribbon striped or mottled surface figure .
[chosen/chose] logs are sliced to produce extremely attractive decorative veneers with a range of ribbon striped or mottled surface figure .

Supported by the local community , he had probably been selected by them , for his appointment by the Company included a note that he had been teaching since Michaelmas 1533 .
supported by the local community , he had probably been [chosen/chose] by them , for his appointment by the company included a note that he had been teaching since michaelmas 1533 .

On receiving confirmation of his decision from the commander , the pilot made a turn to the left and lined up the aircraft for an approach to the selected field .
on receiving confirmation of his decision from the commander , the pilot made a turn to the left and lined up the aircraft for an approach to the [chosen/chose] field .

How are the features for analysis to be selected ?
how are the features for analysis to be [chosen/chose] ?

The categories selected are , in the main , those which illustrate obvious contrasts between the extracts .
the categories [chosen/chose] are , in the main , those which illustrate obvious contrasts between the extracts .

The basic theme , topic , or specific subject-matter will be selected , and examined for its facets , concepts and possible sub-units as well as for the skills that are necessary for its full comprehension and others that can be usefully practised within its general ambit .
the basic theme , topic , or specific subject-matter will be [chosen/chose] , and examined for its facets , concepts and possible sub-units as well as for the skills that are necessary for its full comprehension and others that can be usefully practised within its general ambit .

Besides , there is no reason why the distribution of later preferences , any of which might become operative , would be the same on the 1,476 papers selected for transfer to Craig as it would be on all of the 3,813 papers including those not so selected .
besides , there is no reason why the distribution of later preferences , any of which might become operative , would be the same on the 1,476 papers [chosen/chose] for transfer to craig as it would be on all of the 3,813 papers including those not so [chosen/chose] .

Candidates having been selected , and with no reference to that imaginary balanced slate , how does the Irish voter choose between them ? ``
candidates having been [chosen/chose] , and with no reference to that imaginary balanced slate , how does the irish voter choose between them ? ``

The MPs elected in 1918 came near to meeting the expectations of 1911 and many of these had indeed been selected as candidates before the war : in 1918 the average age rose sharply ( over half were over fifty ) , the proportion with interests in the land fell , and the proportion with interests in business rose from 24 to 41 per cent .
the mps elected in 1918 came near to meeting the expectations of 1911 and many of these had indeed been [chosen/chose] as candidates before the war : in 1918 the average age rose sharply ( over half were over fifty ) , the proportion with interests in the land fell , and the proportion with interests in business rose from 24 to 41 per cent .

When facing a critical party conference in 1921 , Austen Chamberlain had urged Neville to see that suitable people were selected to represent all twelve Birmingham divisions and to pay their expenses to make sure that they got to Liverpool .
when facing a critical party conference in 1921 , austen chamberlain had urged neville to see that suitable people were [chosen/chose] to represent all twelve birmingham divisions and to pay their expenses to make sure that they got to liverpool .

If the local organization after an election remained active , on a permanent basis of annual subscription , with a permanent organizing secretary who would attend to the registration work and become the agent at the next election , a candidate could , and probably would , be selected on his merits , and the constituency would be independent of men whose only merit was their wealth .
if the local organization after an election remained active , on a permanent basis of annual subscription , with a permanent organizing secretary who would attend to the registration work and become the agent at the next election , a candidate could , and probably would , be [chosen/chose] on his merits , and the constituency would be independent of men whose only merit was their wealth .

The effect of this was that Central Office , for all its generosity , did not have much control over the selection of candidates in places where the man selected might actually win , and this did not change much before 1914 .
the effect of this was that central office , for all its generosity , did not have much control over the selection of candidates in places where the man [chosen/chose] might actually win , and this did not change much before 1914 .

And in Bolton , where an assisted candidate was selected by an association with a large working-class element , he found himself facing a Liberal rather than a Labour opponent and went down to defeat .
and in bolton , where an assisted candidate was [chosen/chose] by an association with a large working-class element , he found himself facing a liberal rather than a labour opponent and went down to defeat .

Afterwards the system is in that particular eigenstate , selected from the original superposition , which corresponds to the eigenvalue actually obtained as the result of that measurement .
afterwards the system is in that particular eigenstate , [chosen/chose] from the original superposition , which corresponds to the eigenvalue actually obtained as the result of that measurement .

In both cases the combined efforts of state functionaries , professionals , and selected volunteers from the `` community `` were instrumental in shaping quasi-state institutions ( often called `` quasi-autonomous , non-governmental organizations `` , or `` quangos `` ) Furthermore , a discourse on `` art `` was a central factor for the work of the Newbolt Committee — in their attempt to formulate a strategy for national cultural unity .
in both cases the combined efforts of state functionaries , professionals , and [chosen/chose] volunteers from the `` community `` were instrumental in shaping quasi-state institutions ( often called `` quasi-autonomous , non-governmental organizations `` , or `` quangos `` ) furthermore , a discourse on `` art `` was a central factor for the work of the newbolt committee — in their attempt to formulate a strategy for national cultural unity .

Rather than ministering to a small elite , these institutions had now established their function as the `` education of the upper intelligence groups of the nation `` , selected according to criteria which included being `` good `` at English in school .
rather than ministering to a small elite , these institutions had now established their function as the `` education of the upper intelligence groups of the nation `` , [chosen/chose] according to criteria which included being `` good `` at english in school .

The book includes descriptions of major film studios and selected independent production companies , with information on their activities and position in Czech and world markets .
the book includes descriptions of major film studios and [chosen/chose] independent production companies , with information on their activities and position in czech and world markets .

Fitness levels do n't count in friendly matches or when ‘ equal skills ’ is selected .
fitness levels do n't count in friendly matches or when ‘ equal skills ’ is [chosen/chose] .

If two games are selected , one is at home and the other away .
if two games are [chosen/chose] , one is at home and the other away .

Icon display — displays currently selected icon , funnily enough !
icon display — displays currently [chosen/chose] icon , funnily enough !

The paintings would be acquired at a price which would allow approximately a 50 % profit and apparently were selected with Mellon 's taste in mind .
the paintings would be acquired at a price which would allow approximately a 50 % profit and apparently were [chosen/chose] with mellon 's taste in mind .

Selected for the historic first Test match against South Africa at Kensington Oval , Walsh admits he did not start too well ( first-innings figures of 27–7–71–0 and dropping Andrew Hudson at long leg off Ambrose when the eventual centurion was 22 ) .
[chosen/chose] for the historic first test match against south africa at kensington oval , walsh admits he did not start too well ( first-innings figures of 27–7–71–0 and dropping andrew hudson at long leg off ambrose when the eventual centurion was 22 ) .

Marshy land to the south and north-west restricts the area considerably and Alcester appears to be a good example of a small carefully selected defended enclosure in a much larger settlement ( fig .
marshy land to the south and north-west restricts the area considerably and alcester appears to be a good example of a small carefully [chosen/chose] defended enclosure in a much larger settlement ( fig .

The man chosen by Nero for the new advance was Quintus Veranius , who had been carefully selected for a senatorial career from an early age , and had distinguished himself as governor in Pamphylia , which is now in Turkey .
the man chosen by nero for the new advance was quintus veranius , who had been carefully [chosen/chose] for a senatorial career from an early age , and had distinguished himself as governor in pamphylia , which is now in turkey .

In the first decades of occupation it was now evident that far too much effort had been concentrated on the stabilization of the Province in purely military terms and too little attention paid to the feelings and aspirations of the Britons , except through the few carefully selected agents , and there had been a tacit acceptance that the rest would come to accept Rome .
in the first decades of occupation it was now evident that far too much effort had been concentrated on the stabilization of the province in purely military terms and too little attention paid to the feelings and aspirations of the britons , except through the few carefully [chosen/chose] agents , and there had been a tacit acceptance that the rest would come to accept rome .

It has even led in extreme cases to a few excavators being so certain of what they would find before they put a spade into the ground , that evidence was selected and rejected in accordance with their predetermined thinking .
it has even led in extreme cases to a few excavators being so certain of what they would find before they put a spade into the ground , that evidence was [chosen/chose] and rejected in accordance with their predetermined thinking .

The agent selected for this task was a Spaniard called Paulus , a trusted servant of the Emperor , described as a notarius .
the agent [chosen/chose] for this task was a spaniard called paulus , a trusted servant of the emperor , described as a notarius .

The show is arranged by chronology and style , not by country : the artists selected not only live in Latin America but have strong cultural ties with it .
the show is arranged by chronology and style , not by country : the artists [chosen/chose] not only live in latin america but have strong cultural ties with it .

Digging will start in the summer of 1993 , with the excavation of selected buildings , as well as the examination of those areas in which the survey has so far revealed nothing , but which may produce underlying Minoan levels which can be investigated in the future .
digging will start in the summer of 1993 , with the excavation of [chosen/chose] buildings , as well as the examination of those areas in which the survey has so far revealed nothing , but which may produce underlying minoan levels which can be investigated in the future .

£1200 will buy you all these books and catalogues selected by our staff to satisfy your present-giving duties to even the most extended family
£1200 will buy you all these books and catalogues [chosen/chose] by our staff to satisfy your present-giving duties to even the most extended family

Marisa del Re has selected , from a lifetime 's production , a group of works some lent from museums and private collections under the rubric ‘ George Tooker 's Women ’ .
marisa del re has [chosen/chose] , from a lifetime 's production , a group of works some lent from museums and private collections under the rubric ‘ george tooker 's women ’ .

The works selected by René span the years 1925–90 , and include Albers , Arp , Cahn , the Delaunays , Kupka , Mortensen , Picabia , Seuphor , Tauber-Arp , Tinguely , Vasarely and Cruz-Diez .
the works [chosen/chose] by rené span the years 1925–90 , and include albers , arp , cahn , the delaunays , kupka , mortensen , picabia , seuphor , tauber-arp , tinguely , vasarely and cruz-diez .

Entertainment is selected with care , ensuring that it is appropriate to the lifestyle and values of the community .
entertainment is [chosen/chose] with care , ensuring that it is appropriate to the lifestyle and values of the community .

For budget grade one star hotels to top quality five star luxury , our hotels are very carefully selected to offer maximum value and choice to suit every taste .
for budget grade one star hotels to top quality five star luxury , our hotels are very carefully [chosen/chose] to offer maximum value and choice to suit every taste .

Hotel accommodation with Dutch breakfast at your selected grade of hotel : all service charges are included .
hotel accommodation with dutch breakfast at your [chosen/chose] grade of hotel : all service charges are included .

Amsterdam Travel Service is able to offer you even more value for money by negotiating some very special offers at certain hotels . Look out for the following symbols under selected hotel descriptions :
amsterdam travel service is able to offer you even more value for money by negotiating some very special offers at certain hotels . look out for the following symbols under [chosen/chose] hotel descriptions :

All our hotels in Amsterdam are carefully selected and represent good value within their grade .
all our hotels in amsterdam are carefully [chosen/chose] and represent good value within their grade .

Amsterdam Travel Service recognise the growing demand for High Class hotels and the collection of top quality four and five star hotels on this page has been carefully selected for an ideal blend of style , quality , comfort and location — the perfect recipe for a magical holiday .
amsterdam travel service recognise the growing demand for high class hotels and the collection of top quality four and five star hotels on this page has been carefully [chosen/chose] for an ideal blend of style , quality , comfort and location — the perfect recipe for a magical holiday .

All our hotels have been carefully selected for the excellent value they provide within their grade .
all our hotels have been carefully [chosen/chose] for the excellent value they provide within their grade .

Hotel accommodation with Dutch breakfast at your selected grade of hotel in Amsterdam , The Hague or Delft : all service charges included .
hotel accommodation with dutch breakfast at your [chosen/chose] grade of hotel in amsterdam , the hague or delft : all service charges included .

Hotel accommodation with Dutch breakfast at your selected grade of hotel , all service charges included .
hotel accommodation with dutch breakfast at your [chosen/chose] grade of hotel , all service charges included .

The planners , a fifteen-member committee combining Japanese and Dutch know-how , selected a site on which they specifically avoided the arbitrary jumbling together of a few replicas .
the planners , a fifteen-member committee combining japanese and dutch know-how , [chosen/chose] a site on which they specifically avoided the arbitrary jumbling together of a few replicas .

The editor Ian Barker ( formerly of the British Council , now a director of Annely Juda , Caro 's principal dealer ) has selected a small cross-section of works , and grouped them around various themes , such as ‘ vessels ’ , ‘ drawing in space ’ , ‘ openings ’ , and so on , designations which enforce the formally innovative , but at the same time ‘ formalist ’ character of Caro 's achievement .
the editor ian barker ( formerly of the british council , now a director of annely juda , caro 's principal dealer ) has [chosen/chose] a small cross-section of works , and grouped them around various themes , such as ‘ vessels ’ , ‘ drawing in space ’ , ‘ openings ’ , and so on , designations which enforce the formally innovative , but at the same time ‘ formalist ’ character of caro 's achievement .

He follows by dividing his selected drawings into building types : public buildings , the country house , smaller houses , churches , urban architecture ( town planning ) and commercial buildings .
he follows by dividing his [chosen/chose] drawings into building types : public buildings , the country house , smaller houses , churches , urban architecture ( town planning ) and commercial buildings .

They have produced a core of forty-five paintings to be shown in both venues , complemented by a score of paintings and some thirty drawings selected separately for Bassano del Grappa and Fort Worth .
they have produced a core of forty-five paintings to be shown in both venues , complemented by a score of paintings and some thirty drawings [chosen/chose] separately for bassano del grappa and fort worth .

The monograph and exhibition catalogue , broadly discussing the same group of pictures selected from Magritte 's oeuvre , adopt rather different approaches to their subject , and will be favoured , respectively , by a readership enjoying the labyrinthine mind of a great scholar or preferring the clean presentation of information and explanation in a sequence of numbered catalogue entries .
the monograph and exhibition catalogue , broadly discussing the same group of pictures [chosen/chose] from magritte 's oeuvre , adopt rather different approaches to their subject , and will be favoured , respectively , by a readership enjoying the labyrinthine mind of a great scholar or preferring the clean presentation of information and explanation in a sequence of numbered catalogue entries .

Kiki Smith , known for her often shocking figurative papier-mâché works , has selected four artists who also work with paper for a show on until 15 August at Fawbush .
kiki smith , known for her often shocking figurative papier-mâché works , has [chosen/chose] four artists who also work with paper for a show on until 15 august at fawbush .

The 159 galleries in Holland which had been selected to sell under the scheme , occasionally got rid of old stock by artists long dead , or even sold objects which did not fall under the category of works for which the system had been intended .
the 159 galleries in holland which had been [chosen/chose] to sell under the scheme , occasionally got rid of old stock by artists long dead , or even sold objects which did not fall under the category of works for which the system had been intended .

The permanent collection will be exhibited on the second floor of the Museum and its opening will come during the year when Madrid has been selected as the Cultural Capital of Europe .
the permanent collection will be exhibited on the second floor of the museum and its opening will come during the year when madrid has been [chosen/chose] as the cultural capital of europe .

Almost all the practitioners of Arte Povera are represented among the 186 artists selected .
almost all the practitioners of arte povera are represented among the 186 artists [chosen/chose] .

Grob has selected an exhibition of works on paper ( 9 April–9 May ) .
grob has [chosen/chose] an exhibition of works on paper ( 9 april–9 may ) .

Statistical representativeness is not , of course , assured simply by means of large numbers ; a large sample , running into several hundreds or thousands may be selected in a way which makes it unrepresentative of the general population , while a small sample may , conversely , meet more precisely the criterion of representativeness .
statistical representativeness is not , of course , assured simply by means of large numbers ; a large sample , running into several hundreds or thousands may be [chosen/chose] in a way which makes it unrepresentative of the general population , while a small sample may , conversely , meet more precisely the criterion of representativeness .

All of the following activities will give rise to a need to communicate with media and therefore the need for a carefully selected list of those who will be interested .
all of the following activities will give rise to a need to communicate with media and therefore the need for a carefully [chosen/chose] list of those who will be interested .

But more often the numbers are such that one or perhaps a small number of different releases are duplicated and sent out by post or by telex to media selected from the lists detailed in Chapter 2 .
but more often the numbers are such that one or perhaps a small number of different releases are duplicated and sent out by post or by telex to media [chosen/chose] from the lists detailed in chapter 2 .

Some sophisticated services send out portfolios of material to selected users and these are updated from time to time .
some sophisticated services send out portfolios of material to [chosen/chose] users and these are updated from time to time .

3 Send out syndicated material to specially selected regionals and place specific features ideas with nationals and specialist magazines .
3 send out syndicated material to specially [chosen/chose] regionals and place specific features ideas with nationals and specialist magazines .

Recently , in one supermarket , oranges were selected randomly , some juice extracted and analysed .
recently , in one supermarket , oranges were [chosen/chose] randomly , some juice extracted and analysed .

Silk is selected with the same degree of care , and although it can sometimes be a little uneven to the touch , is generally of high quality .
silk is [chosen/chose] with the same degree of care , and although it can sometimes be a little uneven to the touch , is generally of high quality .

Although all the words have at least one sense bearing the property for which the root was originally selected , it must be noted that to locate all words bearing a particular semantic feature must involve the careful selection of several roots ( e.g. to find nouns with a [ +female ] feature , sprouts should begin from ’ female ’ , ’ woman ’ , ’ girl ’ and possibly ’ wife ’ ) .
although all the words have at least one sense bearing the property for which the root was originally [chosen/chose] , it must be noted that to locate all words bearing a particular semantic feature must involve the careful selection of several roots ( e.g. to find nouns with a [ +female ] feature , sprouts should begin from ’ female ’ , ’ woman ’ , ’ girl ’ and possibly ’ wife ’ ) .

, and the sources from which the corpus is compiled must be selected carefully to maintain a representative balance .
, and the sources from which the corpus is compiled must be [chosen/chose] carefully to maintain a representative balance .

The degree of commonality or ’ overlap ’ between definitions is measured , and the word sense showing the highest overlap is selected as the appropriate sense for that context .
the degree of commonality or ’ overlap ’ between definitions is measured , and the word sense showing the highest overlap is [chosen/chose] as the appropriate sense for that context .

In the example above , if the other candidate words ( ’ rouse ’ and ’ rouge ’ ) showed negligible overlap , then ’ house ’ would be selected as the semantically most plausible word in that position .
in the example above , if the other candidate words ( ’ rouse ’ and ’ rouge ’ ) showed negligible overlap , then ’ house ’ would be [chosen/chose] as the semantically most plausible word in that position .

: Forty semantically related word pairs were selected , drawn from Postman and Keppel [ 1970 ] , with a control for each pair [ Evett & humphreys , 1981 ] .
: forty semantically related word pairs were [chosen/chose] , drawn from postman and keppel [ 1970 ] , with a control for each pair [ evett & humphreys , 1981 ] .

, in the same way as if selected for human subjects .
, in the same way as if [chosen/chose] for human subjects .

So far , all the investigations of definitional overlap using the MRDs have been based on one sample of data , which was selected at random from a corpus of business letters .
so far , all the investigations of definitional overlap using the mrds have been based on one sample of data , which was [chosen/chose] at random from a corpus of business letters .

Moreover , the t-test is quite strict , as are the levels of significance selected for this investigation ( and others ) .
moreover , the t-test is quite strict , as are the levels of significance [chosen/chose] for this investigation ( and others ) .

: Table 3.8 shows the results for the first ten words selected from the relative frequency distribution list .
: table 3.8 shows the results for the first ten words [chosen/chose] from the relative frequency distribution list .

The size of each domain-specific dictionary is shown in Table 4.3 Test documents were selected for each of the domains , approximating to 17 sentences in each ( the same documents as used in the early investigations in Chapter Three ) .
the size of each domain-specific dictionary is shown in table 4.3 test documents were [chosen/chose] for each of the domains , approximating to 17 sentences in each ( the same documents as used in the early investigations in chapter three ) .

Test documents were selected for each of the fifteen domains , approximating 500 words in each .
test documents were [chosen/chose] for each of the fifteen domains , approximating 500 words in each .

To this end , a number of algorithms were investigated , and one selected to be coded as an Awk program .
to this end , a number of algorithms were investigated , and one [chosen/chose] to be coded as an awk program .

The suitability of candidates is assessed , in part , by those who already sit as judges how make their assessments on the basis of the candidates ' ability as an advocate and since those advocates come , in the County Court in the main and in the Crown and High Court exclusively , from the ranks of the barristers it is they who are selected .
the suitability of candidates is assessed , in part , by those who already sit as judges how make their assessments on the basis of the candidates ' ability as an advocate and since those advocates come , in the county court in the main and in the crown and high court exclusively , from the ranks of the barristers it is they who are [chosen/chose] .

Patsy was naturally selected as the target .
patsy was naturally [chosen/chose] as the target .

Insured workers acquired the right to full treatment by a doctor whom they could choose from a locally selected list , or ‘ panel ’ .
insured workers acquired the right to full treatment by a doctor whom they could choose from a locally [chosen/chose] list , or ‘ panel ’ .

The blissfully peaceful hotels we have selected are all on Mahe Island and well situated for the beautiful beaches .
the blissfully peaceful hotels we have [chosen/chose] are all on mahe island and well situated for the beautiful beaches .

These readings have been selected in part because they illustrate well the convergence of research evidence and policy-making .
these readings have been [chosen/chose] in part because they illustrate well the convergence of research evidence and policy-making .

Attitudes were originally selected as possible determinants of child development because they were of a general and abstract nature ; but their use as anything but abbreviated labels has now been abandoned just because they are so abstract and general .
attitudes were originally [chosen/chose] as possible determinants of child development because they were of a general and abstract nature ; but their use as anything but abbreviated labels has now been abandoned just because they are so abstract and general .

Contact addresses and selected further reading are suggested .
contact addresses and [chosen/chose] further reading are suggested .

Participants for the programme were selected from a list of families who had raised concerns about the effect the condition was having on their lives .
participants for the programme were [chosen/chose] from a list of families who had raised concerns about the effect the condition was having on their lives .

Six families were selected , of whom four attended the afternoon programme ; a total of six adults — two of whom were single parents — and six children were involved .
six families were [chosen/chose] , of whom four attended the afternoon programme ; a total of six adults — two of whom were single parents — and six children were involved .

Forbes says nurses have a role in motivating their elderly clients to take up exercise by reassuring them of its safety — as long as proper precautions are taken and an appropriate activity is selected .
forbes says nurses have a role in motivating their elderly clients to take up exercise by reassuring them of its safety — as long as proper precautions are taken and an appropriate activity is [chosen/chose] .

The DNs were asked to indicate whether their patients had a history of a selected list of conditions which could suggest venous and/ or arterial insufficiency .
the dns were asked to indicate whether their patients had a history of a [chosen/chose] list of conditions which could suggest venous and/ or arterial insufficiency .

In the years after 1868 the new regime attempted to manipulate selected facets of Tokugawa society to impose a uniform social structure and morality which could then be trumpeted as ‘ traditional ’ .
in the years after 1868 the new regime attempted to manipulate [chosen/chose] facets of tokugawa society to impose a uniform social structure and morality which could then be trumpeted as ‘ traditional ’ .

By what process is the field of harmonization selected ?
by what process is the field of harmonization [chosen/chose] ?

This is done either on a direct encashment basis , or through a carrier-operated Bulk Cash Withdrawal Scheme , under which a selected security carrier arranges delivery from stocks held on our behalf .
this is done either on a direct encashment basis , or through a carrier-operated bulk cash withdrawal scheme , under which a [chosen/chose] security carrier arranges delivery from stocks held on our behalf .

by issuing selected employees with Midland Business Cards this burden can be greatly reduced .
by issuing [chosen/chose] employees with midland business cards this burden can be greatly reduced .

You let us know which option you have selected under the ‘ Interest Options ’ section on the attached application form .
you let us know which option you have [chosen/chose] under the ‘ interest options ’ section on the attached application form .

Please note that , whilst the above are not actual statements made by a serious accident victim , they have been selected because we believe they give a fair representation of the kind of problems which may occur after an accident .
please note that , whilst the above are not actual statements made by a serious accident victim , they have been [chosen/chose] because we believe they give a fair representation of the kind of problems which may occur after an accident .

Detention centres , dating from 1952 , provided a strict regime for selected young offenders , although better suited to those without previous experience of institutional custody .
detention centres , dating from 1952 , provided a strict regime for [chosen/chose] young offenders , although better suited to those without previous experience of institutional custody .

Taken out by the vendor for the benefit of the purchaser , Luck Penny cover compensates the buyer if any of the insured sheep die within the selected cover period — usually three months .
taken out by the vendor for the benefit of the purchaser , luck penny cover compensates the buyer if any of the insured sheep die within the [chosen/chose] cover period — usually three months .

Rather , protecting some selected local markets was a necessary stage in the progress to successful exporting .
rather , protecting some [chosen/chose] local markets was a necessary stage in the progress to successful exporting .

He was one of nine commanders , including Zhukov and Rokossovsky , whose pictures were prominently featured on the cover of Pravda on 13 December , and he was selected as a suitable subject for interview by foreign correspondents .
he was one of nine commanders , including zhukov and rokossovsky , whose pictures were prominently featured on the cover of pravda on 13 december , and he was [chosen/chose] as a suitable subject for interview by foreign correspondents .

In March 1942 Stalin once again selected Vlasov for an important task ; he was named deputy commander of the Volkhov Front , on the northern flank of the Russian line .
in march 1942 stalin once again [chosen/chose] vlasov for an important task ; he was named deputy commander of the volkhov front , on the northern flank of the russian line .

She is thinking here , specifically , of the way in which schooled Wolof children in her tests described the sets they selected in terms of ‘ complete linguistic predication ’ , using such terms as ‘ they are round ’ rather than ‘ they — round ’ .
she is thinking here , specifically , of the way in which schooled wolof children in her tests described the sets they [chosen/chose] in terms of ‘ complete linguistic predication ’ , using such terms as ‘ they are round ’ rather than ‘ they — round ’ .

Given the vast symbolic and metaphorical potential of the natural world , it is obvious , says Lévi-Strauss , that the same characteristics could be given different meaning and that different characteristics could be selected to make up a set .
given the vast symbolic and metaphorical potential of the natural world , it is obvious , says lévi-strauss , that the same characteristics could be given different meaning and that different characteristics could be [chosen/chose] to make up a set .

The characteristics of both the phonemes and of the things in the natural world that are selected for specific purposes are arbitrary in themselves but they become meaningful when contrasted with others to form a set .
the characteristics of both the phonemes and of the things in the natural world that are [chosen/chose] for specific purposes are arbitrary in themselves but they become meaningful when contrasted with others to form a set .

The case may arise when a range of entries or selected entries are needed for photocomposition .
the case may arise when a range of entries or [chosen/chose] entries are needed for photocomposition .

The option to ‘ print a detailed problem report ’ enables all or selected reports to be printed .
the option to ‘ print a detailed problem report ’ enables all or [chosen/chose] reports to be printed .

All open reports , all closed reports , or all open and all closed reports may be selected for printing .
all open reports , all closed reports , or all open and all closed reports may be [chosen/chose] for printing .

Again , all open reports , all closed reports or all open and all closed reports may be selected .
again , all open reports , all closed reports or all open and all closed reports may be [chosen/chose] .

In each of the 10 practices selected for the study the practice manager or lead fundholding clinician , or both , agreed to be interviewed .
in each of the 10 practices [chosen/chose] for the study the practice manager or lead fundholding clinician , or both , agreed to be interviewed .

By three to five years after surgery the actuarial survival rate exceeded that of a control population.This enhanced survival may reflect the fact that patients referred for surgery were highly selected , and an important limitation of these data is that the selection criteria were not explicit .
by three to five years after surgery the actuarial survival rate exceeded that of a control population.this enhanced survival may reflect the fact that patients referred for surgery were highly [chosen/chose] , and an important limitation of these data is that the selection criteria were not explicit .

In selected patients assays of penicillin , co-trimoxazole , flucloxacillin , ciprofloxacin , metronidazole , and rifampicin may also be of clinical value .
in [chosen/chose] patients assays of penicillin , co-trimoxazole , flucloxacillin , ciprofloxacin , metronidazole , and rifampicin may also be of clinical value .

The selected supplier will be asked to produce a fifty-page sample of the output of such a system :
the [chosen/chose] supplier will be asked to produce a fifty-page sample of the output of such a system :

When managers are being selected , an attempt should be made to separate recognition goals from power goals . Factors which correlate positively with a strong search for power are :
when managers are being [chosen/chose] , an attempt should be made to separate recognition goals from power goals . factors which correlate positively with a strong search for power are :

Too often groups are selected for tasks with no forethought about benefit to the members or to the suitability of the task for a group . So when you are putting the group together , consider the people and the task :
too often groups are [chosen/chose] for tasks with no forethought about benefit to the members or to the suitability of the task for a group . so when you are putting the group together , consider the people and the task :

Patients were selected from a group of 496 patients with insulin dependent diabetes who attended our clinic regularly , according to the following criteria : they were aged 18–60 , had insulin dependent diabetes mellitus of at least five years ' duration , had a stable body mass index not exceeding 30 kg/m , a glycated haemoglobin concentration of less than 10 % , were not hypertensive ( supine blood pressure less than 160/95 mm Hg and no antihypertensive treatment ) , had persistent microalbuminuria — that is , urinary albumin excretion between 30 and 300 mg/24 h at least twice during the previous six months — were not pregnant or wanting to be pregnant , and had no chronic disease other than diabetes .
patients were [chosen/chose] from a group of 496 patients with insulin dependent diabetes who attended our clinic regularly , according to the following criteria : they were aged 18–60 , had insulin dependent diabetes mellitus of at least five years ' duration , had a stable body mass index not exceeding 30 kg/m , a glycated haemoglobin concentration of less than 10 % , were not hypertensive ( supine blood pressure less than 160/95 mm hg and no antihypertensive treatment ) , had persistent microalbuminuria — that is , urinary albumin excretion between 30 and 300 mg/24 h at least twice during the previous six months — were not pregnant or wanting to be pregnant , and had no chronic disease other than diabetes .

It is not selected by any democratic process .
it is not [chosen/chose] by any democratic process .

Committee chairmen generally continue to be selected on the basis of seniority and , indeed , only one other sitting standing committee chairman , Mel Price of Armed Services in 1985 , has actually been deposed since in either house .
committee chairmen generally continue to be [chosen/chose] on the basis of seniority and , indeed , only one other sitting standing committee chairman , mel price of armed services in 1985 , has actually been deposed since in either house .

At a time when most other states favored candidates who had advanced through the ranks California selected office holders on the basis of real or supposed charismatic appeal .
at a time when most other states favored candidates who had advanced through the ranks california [chosen/chose] office holders on the basis of real or supposed charismatic appeal .

Prior to the 1970s , delegates to national conventions had been selected by a mixed system of state conventions , caucus gatherings and primary elections ; under these arrangements nominations remained largely under the control of party leaders with a limited degree of popular participation .
prior to the 1970s , delegates to national conventions had been [chosen/chose] by a mixed system of state conventions , caucus gatherings and primary elections ; under these arrangements nominations remained largely under the control of party leaders with a limited degree of popular participation .

Cutting back on the staff of regulatory agencies was one ploy used , and , according to figures provided by one source , in eleven selected agencies there was an average 29 per cent decline in permanent staff positions during Reagan 's first term ; including falls of 53 per cent in the Federal Grain Inspection Service , 41 per cent in the Interstate Commerce Commission , 38 per cent in the Consumer Product Safety Commission , 32 per cent in the Federal Trade Commission and 21 per cent in the Environmental Protection Agency .
cutting back on the staff of regulatory agencies was one ploy used , and , according to figures provided by one source , in eleven [chosen/chose] agencies there was an average 29 per cent decline in permanent staff positions during reagan 's first term ; including falls of 53 per cent in the federal grain inspection service , 41 per cent in the interstate commerce commission , 38 per cent in the consumer product safety commission , 32 per cent in the federal trade commission and 21 per cent in the environmental protection agency .

The Marxist groups of the early 1890s devoted themselves to self-education , fierce polemics against the populists , and propaganda among circles of selected workers .
the marxist groups of the early 1890s devoted themselves to self-education , fierce polemics against the populists , and propaganda among circles of [chosen/chose] workers .

There is , however , no way of overcoming the objection that analyses of Seascale data for this period are not amenable to any rigorous statistical evaluation because the area , age group , and types of disease to be studied were selected as a result of the observed clustering of cases .
there is , however , no way of overcoming the objection that analyses of seascale data for this period are not amenable to any rigorous statistical evaluation because the area , age group , and types of disease to be studied were [chosen/chose] as a result of the observed clustering of cases .

This allowed for fairly good availability of well selected donor organs thus more easily facilitating an urgent transplant programme .
this allowed for fairly good availability of well [chosen/chose] donor organs thus more easily facilitating an urgent transplant programme .

In the other two authorities the schools were selected randomly from school lists .
in the other two authorities the schools were [chosen/chose] randomly from school lists .

The teachers who were selected to teach the smoking and me project were required to attend a one day training seminar which familiarised them with the project guide and the group leader approach to teaching .
the teachers who were [chosen/chose] to teach the smoking and me project were required to attend a one day training seminar which familiarised them with the project guide and the group leader approach to teaching .

Although these cases were selected from a large number in which interferon alfa was given , they suggest that the drug can dangerously aggravate liver disease and that caution is needed in treating cirrhotic patients .
although these cases were [chosen/chose] from a large number in which interferon alfa was given , they suggest that the drug can dangerously aggravate liver disease and that caution is needed in treating cirrhotic patients .

In raising such questions , the intention is to lay warnings about tracing the origins of voluntary collectivism in selected traditions .
in raising such questions , the intention is to lay warnings about tracing the origins of voluntary collectivism in [chosen/chose] traditions .

Secondly , in order to maximize the use of scarce capital resources , industries were selected that could utilize the backlog of technological change that had been developed in the Western economies .
secondly , in order to maximize the use of scarce capital resources , industries were [chosen/chose] that could utilize the backlog of technological change that had been developed in the western economies .

Selected industries have also been able to secure extra depreciation in proportion to any increase in the share of exports in their total sales .
[chosen/chose] industries have also been able to secure extra depreciation in proportion to any increase in the share of exports in their total sales .

Hence Japanese management holds out a promise of permanent employment to a core of selected employees whose numbers are ‘ limited to a cyclically justifiable minimum ’ ( Taira 1962 p.l68 ) .
hence japanese management holds out a promise of permanent employment to a core of [chosen/chose] employees whose numbers are ‘ limited to a cyclically justifiable minimum ’ ( taira 1962 p.l68 ) .

For a selected core , employment guarantees are very much an informal bargain as Japanese labour law forbids work contracts to be extended beyond one year .
for a [chosen/chose] core , employment guarantees are very much an informal bargain as japanese labour law forbids work contracts to be extended beyond one year .

to enable entries to be selected on a ‘ next requiring attention ’ basis .
to enable entries to be [chosen/chose] on a ‘ next requiring attention ’ basis .

To compensate , the latter category are allowed longer slices of time when they are selected to use the processor .
to compensate , the latter category are allowed longer slices of time when they are [chosen/chose] to use the processor .

collection of selected pupil work for copying and return ( if the teacher is willing , you may prefer to supply and collect the paper they work on )
collection of [chosen/chose] pupil work for copying and return ( if the teacher is willing , you may prefer to supply and collect the paper they work on )

With these and other predictions in mind , and with reference to the relevant checklists , the following list of questions was selected for initial classroom observation .
with these and other predictions in mind , and with reference to the relevant checklists , the following list of questions was [chosen/chose] for initial classroom observation .

These six should ideally be selected at random from an alphabetical class list .
these six should ideally be [chosen/chose] at random from an alphabetical class list .

Because of this wide range , most computer designs are not tied to the details of individual devices , but provide generalized transput control features and instructions , to which any selected input , output , or backing storage device may be interfaced .
because of this wide range , most computer designs are not tied to the details of individual devices , but provide generalized transput control features and instructions , to which any [chosen/chose] input , output , or backing storage device may be interfaced .

The most common use of these logical operations is to extract , test , and alter selected parts of words of other data-types ; for example , an integral fixed-point number may be tested for odd or even by extracting and testing the right-hand bit ( at least in two 's complement or sign-and-magnitude representation ) .
the most common use of these logical operations is to extract , test , and alter [chosen/chose] parts of words of other data-types ; for example , an integral fixed-point number may be tested for odd or even by extracting and testing the right-hand bit ( at least in two 's complement or sign-and-magnitude representation ) .

The selected portion is aligned with the least-significant portion of the other operand ( held in a processor register ) , and sign extension may or may not be applied ( depending on the size of the portion and the value in the selection field ) .
the [chosen/chose] portion is aligned with the least-significant portion of the other operand ( held in a processor register ) , and sign extension may or may not be applied ( depending on the size of the portion and the value in the selection field ) .

The children were selected from the representative sample studied in a previous phase of the Bristol Language Development Project and included an equal number of boys and girls drawn from the full range of family backgrounds .
the children were [chosen/chose] from the representative sample studied in a previous phase of the bristol language development project and included an equal number of boys and girls drawn from the full range of family backgrounds .

One meaning is biased by the proximity of `` column `` , but whichever meaning is selected its pronunciation will depend upon interpretation , rather than precede it .
one meaning is biased by the proximity of `` column `` , but whichever meaning is [chosen/chose] its pronunciation will depend upon interpretation , rather than precede it .

The basic procedure was to identify selected features , such as the length of sentences or the incidence of subordination , and to see whether these provided a measure of maturation in writing .
the basic procedure was to identify [chosen/chose] features , such as the length of sentences or the incidence of subordination , and to see whether these provided a measure of maturation in writing .

There may also be possibilities for some kind of diagrammatic representation of selected information .
there may also be possibilities for some kind of diagrammatic representation of [chosen/chose] information .

But a representative democracy , where the right of election is well secured and regulated , and the exercise of the legislative , executive and judiciary authorities is vested in selected persons chosen really and not nominally by the people , will in my opinion be most likely to be happy , regular and durable .
but a representative democracy , where the right of election is well secured and regulated , and the exercise of the legislative , executive and judiciary authorities is vested in [chosen/chose] persons chosen really and not nominally by the people , will in my opinion be most likely to be happy , regular and durable .

Micro-anatomical accounts of peripheral nerve distribution are generally fragmentary , dealing only with the innervation of particular organs but for more detailed descriptions of thoracic and abdominal innervation in selected species see Nuesch ( 1954 , 2957 ) , Wittig ( 1955 ) , Pipa and Cook ( 1959 ) , Schmitt ( 1962 ) and others .
micro-anatomical accounts of peripheral nerve distribution are generally fragmentary , dealing only with the innervation of particular organs but for more detailed descriptions of thoracic and abdominal innervation in [chosen/chose] species see nuesch ( 1954 , 2957 ) , wittig ( 1955 ) , pipa and cook ( 1959 ) , schmitt ( 1962 ) and others .

, 1965 ) but it is already clear that electrophysiological units in the optic lobes of selected Orthoptera , Diptera and Lepidoptera respond differentially when a variety of visual stimuli is presented to the insect .
, 1965 ) but it is already clear that electrophysiological units in the optic lobes of [chosen/chose] orthoptera , diptera and lepidoptera respond differentially when a variety of visual stimuli is presented to the insect .

Comparing numbers is an efficient way of diagnosing basic understanding of these concepts , if the numbers to be compared are carefully selected , so that the correct answer is unlikely to be obtained by pupils who have misconceptions .
comparing numbers is an efficient way of diagnosing basic understanding of these concepts , if the numbers to be compared are carefully [chosen/chose] , so that the correct answer is unlikely to be obtained by pupils who have misconceptions .

Thus the fractions selected for comparison must require the pupils to consider both numerator and denominator and the largest fraction must not be one which has the largest numerator and denominator .
thus the fractions [chosen/chose] for comparison must require the pupils to consider both numerator and denominator and the largest fraction must not be one which has the largest numerator and denominator .

The 9.43–10.12 question appeared in this test context also , and fewer pupils were successful than when the question was asked directly , probably because the information required had first to be selected by the pupils from all the figures given in the timetables .
the 9.43–10.12 question appeared in this test context also , and fewer pupils were successful than when the question was asked directly , probably because the information required had first to be [chosen/chose] by the pupils from all the figures given in the timetables .

If sufficiently precise , as in `` can add whole numbers summing to between 100 and 1,000 `` the criterion statement may specify the domain of test items from which a representative sample can be selected to assess pupils ' performance in relation to the criterion .
if sufficiently precise , as in `` can add whole numbers summing to between 100 and 1,000 `` the criterion statement may specify the domain of test items from which a representative sample can be [chosen/chose] to assess pupils ' performance in relation to the criterion .

The criteria illustrated were derived from an analysis of several topics selected from the Cockcroft foundation list .
the criteria illustrated were derived from an analysis of several topics [chosen/chose] from the cockcroft foundation list .

Foundation list topics for which criteria appear in this chapter were selected from four of the five content categories and one of the process categories of the Graduated Test Project assessment framework given in Chapter 2 ( pp .
foundation list topics for which criteria appear in this chapter were [chosen/chose] from four of the five content categories and one of the process categories of the graduated test project assessment framework given in chapter 2 ( pp .

It was thought that many of the problems of criterion-referencing would be highlighted by the particular topics selected .
it was thought that many of the problems of criterion-referencing would be highlighted by the particular topics [chosen/chose] .

In each of the examples given in the following sections there is ( i ) an analysis of the main procedural and conceptual aspects of the category , ( ii ) detailed sets of criteria for selected subtopics , and ( iii ) examples of test items based on the criterion statements .
in each of the examples given in the following sections there is ( i ) an analysis of the main procedural and conceptual aspects of the category , ( ii ) detailed sets of criteria for [chosen/chose] subtopics , and ( iii ) examples of test items based on the criterion statements .

As an example one section of the diagram above , that of number concepts , has been selected .
as an example one section of the diagram above , that of number concepts , has been [chosen/chose] .

As the Director explains in the preface , the exhibition was selected by looking at a number of separate modes of work , subject areas and photographic media .
as the director explains in the preface , the exhibition was [chosen/chose] by looking at a number of separate modes of work , subject areas and photographic media .

From a take of about 100 usable pictures , his agency — Magnum Photos with offices in Paris , New York , London and Hamburg — selected about 30 subjects for distribution to the magazine press world-wide .
from a take of about 100 usable pictures , his agency — magnum photos with offices in paris , new york , london and hamburg — [chosen/chose] about 30 subjects for distribution to the magazine press world-wide .

technical legal bills are selected to start life in the Lords , high profile political bills in the Commons .
technical legal bills are [chosen/chose] to start life in the lords , high profile political bills in the commons .

Under Standing Order 19 on Tuesdays and Wednesdays after Question Time , one member , selected by the Speaker on a first come , first served basis , has ten minutes in which to outline his proposal for legislation .
under standing order 19 on tuesdays and wednesdays after question time , one member , [chosen/chose] by the speaker on a first come , first served basis , has ten minutes in which to outline his proposal for legislation .

Into this Garden of Earthly Delights the selected trainee Assassins were carried while unconscious with drugs [ `` assassin `` is derived from hashashin — `` hashish-eaters `` ] .
into this garden of earthly delights the [chosen/chose] trainee assassins were carried while unconscious with drugs [ `` assassin `` is derived from hashashin — `` hashish-eaters `` ] .

In all , 29 subjects were selected who claimed to have successfully controlled already what they were going to dream , and who were strongly motivated to prove that this was indeed possible .
in all , 29 subjects were [chosen/chose] who claimed to have successfully controlled already what they were going to dream , and who were strongly motivated to prove that this was indeed possible .

Similarly , other frankly psychiatric symptoms , such as of paranoia , have affected lone volunteers more than those selected to be in groups .
similarly , other frankly psychiatric symptoms , such as of paranoia , have affected lone volunteers more than those [chosen/chose] to be in groups .

The animal to undergo the Caesarian is selected by palpation .
the animal to undergo the caesarian is [chosen/chose] by palpation .

Type faces are carefully selected for any visual text .
type faces are carefully [chosen/chose] for any visual text .

The groups consist of carefully selected members of the same potential market segment or audience to be reached with the advertising , so they are likely to get on together .
the groups consist of carefully [chosen/chose] members of the same potential market segment or audience to be reached with the advertising , so they are likely to get on together .

For Better Shoe Ltd the public relations consultancy selected one area health authority for development and testing .
for better shoe ltd the public relations consultancy [chosen/chose] one area health authority for development and testing .

2 Selected senior and middle management and staff of their parent company who will be needed to manufacture vital components for the new equipment and also to support efforts to raise new finance for further research and development .
2 [chosen/chose] senior and middle management and staff of their parent company who will be needed to manufacture vital components for the new equipment and also to support efforts to raise new finance for further research and development .

It was n't going to help Andrew 's plight , endowing himself bewitched by a young gypsy girl he could never have , but Fate was n't always kind when it selected the tricks it was going to play .
it was n't going to help andrew 's plight , endowing himself bewitched by a young gypsy girl he could never have , but fate was n't always kind when it [chosen/chose] the tricks it was going to play .

1 Identify the causes of limited mobility in the Post-operative period . What nursing actions may be selected to deal with the problems ?
1 identify the causes of limited mobility in the post-operative period . what nursing actions may be [chosen/chose] to deal with the problems ?

In 1980–81 the County Librarian and his staff , in cooperation with the Principal and Senior Education Officers , the Chief Inspector and the Principal Secondary Inspector , generated an experimental project for funding specific library developments in selected secondary schools .
in 1980–81 the county librarian and his staff , in cooperation with the principal and senior education officers , the chief inspector and the principal secondary inspector , generated an experimental project for funding specific library developments in [chosen/chose] secondary schools .

It was proposed by the Principal Education Officer ( Schools ) that £70,000 would be made available from the Schools Branch budget , representing £35,000 from the sum normally allocated to the School Library Services and £35,000 from central funding for replacement purposes . This sum would be available for the development of school libraries and learning resource provision in a selected number of secondary schools to be approved each year …
it was proposed by the principal education officer ( schools ) that £70,000 would be made available from the schools branch budget , representing £35,000 from the sum normally allocated to the school library services and £35,000 from central funding for replacement purposes . this sum would be available for the development of school libraries and learning resource provision in a [chosen/chose] number of secondary schools to be approved each year …

Eight schools would be selected , subject to defined criteria , as major project schools .
eight schools would be [chosen/chose] , subject to defined criteria , as major project schools .

Eight further schools would be selected as minor project schools , each eligible for funds of up to £2,000 for the improvement and replacement of book stock …
eight further schools would be [chosen/chose] as minor project schools , each eligible for funds of up to £2,000 for the improvement and replacement of book stock …

Eight Major and eight Minor Project schools were selected in 1981/82 and in 1984/85 , and 15 Major and 16 Minor in 1982/84 ( an allocation for two years being administered in 1982 ) .
eight major and eight minor project schools were [chosen/chose] in 1981/82 and in 1984/85 , and 15 major and 16 minor in 1982/84 ( an allocation for two years being administered in 1982 ) .

Linked with the development of the project in schools were plans for initiating and extending local authority inservice provision , as a means of disseminating good practice derived from the experience of selected schools , and to guide schools about to enter the project .
linked with the development of the project in schools were plans for initiating and extending local authority inservice provision , as a means of disseminating good practice derived from the experience of [chosen/chose] schools , and to guide schools about to enter the project .

to evaluate the effects of the Essex Secondary Schools Library Project by determining the degree to which the stated objectives of the Project are being achieved in selected schools .
to evaluate the effects of the essex secondary schools library project by determining the degree to which the stated objectives of the project are being achieved in [chosen/chose] schools .

( a ) school plans for the use of the Project grants ( submitted before schools were selected ) and a comparison with actual programmes/ patterns of investment ;
( a ) school plans for the use of the project grants ( submitted before schools were [chosen/chose] ) and a comparison with actual programmes/ patterns of investment ;

The evaluators selected particular areas of interest for analysis and these became the subjects of a number of working papers in which tentative models were constructed and explanations offered .
the evaluators [chosen/chose] particular areas of interest for analysis and these became the subjects of a number of working papers in which tentative models were constructed and explanations offered .

( e ) to make initial contact with schools selected and follow up as appropriate
( e ) to make initial contact with schools [chosen/chose] and follow up as appropriate

( h ) to receive progress reports from members and review the progress of the Project in schools selected in the past
( h ) to receive progress reports from members and review the progress of the project in schools [chosen/chose] in the past

Where a limited amount of money is available for allocation amongst competing demands , attention is bound to be focused on the procedures by which recipients are selected and others excluded .
where a limited amount of money is available for allocation amongst competing demands , attention is bound to be focused on the procedures by which recipients are [chosen/chose] and others excluded .

Thus , it was not surprising to find one headteacher expressing some annoyance that the schools were selected by procedures which were not open to public scrutiny and claiming that a competition was only fair if all potential entrants knew in advance that the `` race `` was to take place and the rules under which it would be run .
thus , it was not surprising to find one headteacher expressing some annoyance that the schools were [chosen/chose] by procedures which were not open to public scrutiny and claiming that a competition was only fair if all potential entrants knew in advance that the `` race `` was to take place and the rules under which it would be run .

The proposals of the six schools selected as the focus for our evaluation are representative of the range of proposals reviewed , and the evaluators are satisfied that the picture which emerges from this sample is true to the general flavour and direction of the Major Project as a whole .
the proposals of the six schools [chosen/chose] as the focus for our evaluation are representative of the range of proposals reviewed , and the evaluators are satisfied that the picture which emerges from this sample is true to the general flavour and direction of the major project as a whole .

The schools selected varied substantially in their degree of consensus about the concept of education and the pedagogy appropriate to it , and about the form which the project-related curriculum development was to take .
the schools [chosen/chose] varied substantially in their degree of consensus about the concept of education and the pedagogy appropriate to it , and about the form which the project-related curriculum development was to take .

Four Minor Project schools were selected for closer investigation by the evaluation team and visited over a period of one or two days .
four minor project schools were [chosen/chose] for closer investigation by the evaluation team and visited over a period of one or two days .

The librarian selected the remaining titles and filled in all the order forms .
the librarian [chosen/chose] the remaining titles and filled in all the order forms .

Given the fact that schools selected for a Minor award were being encouraged to develop existing good practice , it is , perhaps , surprising that the formation of a permanent library committee , as in the case of the Major Project , was not made a prerequisite for their participation .
given the fact that schools [chosen/chose] for a minor award were being encouraged to develop existing good practice , it is , perhaps , surprising that the formation of a permanent library committee , as in the case of the major project , was not made a prerequisite for their participation .

The schools selected for evaluation were among those identified by DCSLs as having made interesting and effective use of a Minor award .
the schools [chosen/chose] for evaluation were among those identified by dcsls as having made interesting and effective use of a minor award .

2 . Which schools should be selected for Compact ?
2 . which schools should be [chosen/chose] for compact ?

2 . How are schools selected for Compact ?
2 . how are schools [chosen/chose] for compact ?

Provide selected staff with " media " training .
provide [chosen/chose] staff with " media " training .

Staff selected for inclusion in the " Relief Pool " should regard it as an experience which will assist their personal development .
staff [chosen/chose] for inclusion in the " relief pool " should regard it as an experience which will assist their personal development .

They are selected in the same way as other recruits but not given a contract of employment .
they are [chosen/chose] in the same way as other recruits but not given a contract of employment .

People sent their daughters to Cambridge School , dressing them up in the toffee-brown and pale-blue uniform Elizabeth Jarvis had selected .
people sent their daughters to cambridge school , dressing them up in the toffee-brown and pale-blue uniform elizabeth jarvis had [chosen/chose] .

Monogram For Men leather wash bag : black with brown trim , with an inside pocket and a zipped one on the outside , £19.99 , from selected branches of Boots
monogram for men leather wash bag : black with brown trim , with an inside pocket and a zipped one on the outside , £19.99 , from [chosen/chose] branches of boots

And pictured right is Magnet 's stunning new Walnut kitchen — currently available in selected stores only .
and pictured right is magnet 's stunning new walnut kitchen — currently available in [chosen/chose] stores only .

Fundamentalism , whatever its religious version , provides a detailed and concrete programme for both individuals and society , even if it is one selected from texts or traditions whose suitability for the late 20th century is not obvious .
fundamentalism , whatever its religious version , provides a detailed and concrete programme for both individuals and society , even if it is one [chosen/chose] from texts or traditions whose suitability for the late 20th century is not obvious .

Another example is the new release of all Rossini 's overtures by Marriner , again on Philips , with a previous single disc of selected overtures becoming redundant .
another example is the new release of all rossini 's overtures by marriner , again on philips , with a previous single disc of [chosen/chose] overtures becoming redundant .

Designed by Lynda Gray , the stamps are available singly from all post offices or in a presentation pack ( containing all five stamps ) for £1.75 from main post offices and selected sub-post offices .
designed by lynda gray , the stamps are available singly from all post offices or in a presentation pack ( containing all five stamps ) for £1.75 from main post offices and [chosen/chose] sub-post offices .

The Gramola record shop at the Graben , right in the heart of the city , is one such and ranks among the most traditional of its kind , comfortably small and well selected .
the gramola record shop at the graben , right in the heart of the city , is one such and ranks among the most traditional of its kind , comfortably small and well [chosen/chose] .

The size of local authority capital expenditure for selected years is shown in Table 6.1 .
the size of local authority capital expenditure for [chosen/chose] years is shown in table 6.1 .

Among the Tchambuli , yet further variation occurred : men adorned themselves , gossiped , made things for trade , while women selected their partners , made the sexual advances , did all the trade , and were the more aggressive sex .
among the tchambuli , yet further variation occurred : men adorned themselves , gossiped , made things for trade , while women [chosen/chose] their partners , made the sexual advances , did all the trade , and were the more aggressive sex .

In British public schools , for instance , not only are the majority of pupils deliberately drawn from that small section of British society committed to the standards which the public school promotes , but teaching staff are similarly rigorously selected , not merely on the basis of academic competence , but also on the basis of the extent to which they have successfully internalised the standards they are expected to foster among their pupils .
in british public schools , for instance , not only are the majority of pupils deliberately drawn from that small section of british society committed to the standards which the public school promotes , but teaching staff are similarly rigorously [chosen/chose] , not merely on the basis of academic competence , but also on the basis of the extent to which they have successfully internalised the standards they are expected to foster among their pupils .

British Textile Treasures displays antique quilts showing patchwork and quilting techniques and traditions ; The Skopos Challenge exhibits 150 contemporary works selected by leading quilters , showing bed and cot quilts and wall hangings .
british textile treasures displays antique quilts showing patchwork and quilting techniques and traditions ; the skopos challenge exhibits 150 contemporary works [chosen/chose] by leading quilters , showing bed and cot quilts and wall hangings .

The new Easy Wire plug is available from John Lewis , Payless and selected branches of Texas , price about £2 .
the new easy wire plug is available from john lewis , payless and [chosen/chose] branches of texas , price about £2 .

But these in-patients were a selected group ; the treatment may not have brought the ‘ relief ’ .
but these in-patients were a [chosen/chose] group ; the treatment may not have brought the ‘ relief ’ .

Selected from the best of British and Continental fleets and equipped with all the modern facilities to make your journey smooth and carefree .
[chosen/chose] from the best of british and continental fleets and equipped with all the modern facilities to make your journey smooth and carefree .

Your hotel accommodation has been sensibly selected to combine comfort and convenience at really low prices .
your hotel accommodation has been sensibly [chosen/chose] to combine comfort and convenience at really low prices .

Just check the code for your selected departure point against the panel below to find the departure and return Time Band applicable .
just check the code for your [chosen/chose] departure point against the panel below to find the departure and return time band applicable .

Selected small hotels of charm plus villas with pool .
[chosen/chose] small hotels of charm plus villas with pool .

Selected villas with pool and small hotels of charm and character .
[chosen/chose] villas with pool and small hotels of charm and character .

On the contrary , he has been deliberately selected by Jesus , probably to his own chagrin , to discharge a distasteful duty so that the drama of the Passion may enact itself in accordance with Old Testament prophecy .
on the contrary , he has been deliberately [chosen/chose] by jesus , probably to his own chagrin , to discharge a distasteful duty so that the drama of the passion may enact itself in accordance with old testament prophecy .

However , as the sample was selected from those who had sought treatment or counselling for their daily habit , such users are necessarily excluded from this study .
however , as the sample was [chosen/chose] from those who had sought treatment or counselling for their daily habit , such users are necessarily excluded from this study .

With reference to the networks under study , the samples can not be considered random as such , because it is not true that all users in the township during the prevalence period had an equal chance of being selected .
with reference to the networks under study , the samples can not be considered random as such , because it is not true that all users in the township during the prevalence period had an equal chance of being [chosen/chose] .

To illustrate the analysis of earlier chapters , we present four case studies selected from the 125 interviews with known and hidden heroin users .
to illustrate the analysis of earlier chapters , we present four case studies [chosen/chose] from the 125 interviews with known and hidden heroin users .

We 've selected just three of the many contrasting resorts which we believe will offer you a good base from which to explore .
we 've [chosen/chose] just three of the many contrasting resorts which we believe will offer you a good base from which to explore .

Praise indeed , and you 'll find the traditional inns that we 've selected for your accommodation are every bit as good as the food they serve ! Indeed you now have the choice of staying on either a Half Board or a Bed & Breakfast basis .
praise indeed , and you 'll find the traditional inns that we 've [chosen/chose] for your accommodation are every bit as good as the food they serve ! indeed you now have the choice of staying on either a half board or a bed & breakfast basis .

The 1896 Convention , like each of its successors , selected one mode of assistance as the primary or preferred mode while recognising others as permissible .
the 1896 convention , like each of its successors , [chosen/chose] one mode of assistance as the primary or preferred mode while recognising others as permissible .

In that tradition , with very limited exceptions , the witnesses are selected and called by the parties , and examined and cross-examined by the parties or their counsel .
in that tradition , with very limited exceptions , the witnesses are [chosen/chose] and called by the parties , and examined and cross-examined by the parties or their counsel .

The aim of this new scheme is to make selected awards to lecturers in Chemical Engineering or Polymer Chemistry who are engaged in research or teaching related to environmental issues .
the aim of this new scheme is to make [chosen/chose] awards to lecturers in chemical engineering or polymer chemistry who are engaged in research or teaching related to environmental issues .

The University Chamber Choir , who have been selected to compete in the Sainsbury 's Choir of the Year Competition , and sing at the installation of Sir Trevor Holdsworth as Chancellor will be joined by the Chamber Orchestra for a concert in Bradford Cathedral on May 20 at 7.30pm .
the university chamber choir , who have been [chosen/chose] to compete in the sainsbury 's choir of the year competition , and sing at the installation of sir trevor holdsworth as chancellor will be joined by the chamber orchestra for a concert in bradford cathedral on may 20 at 7.30pm .

Rather a home appeared to be selected upon the basis of availability rather than any other obvious criteria .
rather a home appeared to be [chosen/chose] upon the basis of availability rather than any other obvious criteria .

The disparate elements of human experience are selected and ordered in a structure which includes its own version of time , place and personality .
the disparate elements of human experience are [chosen/chose] and ordered in a structure which includes its own version of time , place and personality .

The operative word in the four books about this carefully selected trio is ‘ scamper ’ .
the operative word in the four books about this carefully [chosen/chose] trio is ‘ scamper ’ .

It is as if the writer were drawing , in words , one of those pictorial maps where each point of approach is represented by a picture , each landscape captured on the page in one carefully selected view described in a concrete , unfussy , immediate way .
it is as if the writer were drawing , in words , one of those pictorial maps where each point of approach is represented by a picture , each landscape captured on the page in one carefully [chosen/chose] view described in a concrete , unfussy , immediate way .

In the ethogenic approach we follow the example of chemists and anatomists and adopt the intensive design , that is , we undertake a detailed study of a few cases selected as typical .
in the ethogenic approach we follow the example of chemists and anatomists and adopt the intensive design , that is , we undertake a detailed study of a few cases [chosen/chose] as typical .

Evening meals were black-tie affairs attended by selected officers .
evening meals were black-tie affairs attended by [chosen/chose] officers .

Here about thirty selected craftsman and women display and sell their work .
here about thirty [chosen/chose] craftsman and women display and sell their work .

The parking bays remains , but vouchers may be purchased individually or in books of 10 from various outlets in the town ( such as the Tourist Information Centre , Brighton Centre , selected newsagents , post offices , shops , garages , hotels , etc . )
the parking bays remains , but vouchers may be purchased individually or in books of 10 from various outlets in the town ( such as the tourist information centre , brighton centre , [chosen/chose] newsagents , post offices , shops , garages , hotels , etc . )

She kicked off her shoes then crouched down in front of the stereo and traced her fingernail along the impressive collection of compact discs , selected one , and fed it into the machine .
she kicked off her shoes then crouched down in front of the stereo and traced her fingernail along the impressive collection of compact discs , [chosen/chose] one , and fed it into the machine .

Sabrina waited until Brummer had left then selected a ballpoint pen from the holder on the desk and wrote on a scrap piece of paper .
sabrina waited until brummer had left then [chosen/chose] a ballpoint pen from the holder on the desk and wrote on a scrap piece of paper .

Ours have been selected as real Italian enthusiasts , highly trained in all aspects of travel , experienced and experts in their field — full of local knowledge .
ours have been [chosen/chose] as real italian enthusiasts , highly trained in all aspects of travel , experienced and experts in their field — full of local knowledge .

20 % Reduction on supplements at selected Tuscan and Umbrian self catering properties in addition to the offers detailed below .
20 % reduction on supplements at [chosen/chose] tuscan and umbrian self catering properties in addition to the offers detailed below .

Citalia is offering some remarkably low prices for motorists taking their own cars in April , May and October to selected Country Villas in Tuscany and Umbria , and to apartments in Brenzone on Lake Garda and Diano Marina on the famous Italian Riviera .
citalia is offering some remarkably low prices for motorists taking their own cars in april , may and october to [chosen/chose] country villas in tuscany and umbria , and to apartments in brenzone on lake garda and diano marina on the famous italian riviera .

Discounts are available for customers returning from Venice on the Venice Simplon-Orient-Express or on selected dates .
discounts are available for customers returning from venice on the venice simplon-orient-express or on [chosen/chose] dates .

For the second week Citalia has selected the world-famous beauty spot of Taormina in Sicily with a choice of three and four star hotels in the centre of town or by the beach .
for the second week citalia has [chosen/chose] the world-famous beauty spot of taormina in sicily with a choice of three and four star hotels in the centre of town or by the beach .

All Citalia hotels in Rome have been specially selected for their central location , good service and value .
all citalia hotels in rome have been specially [chosen/chose] for their central location , good service and value .

All Citalia hotels have been specially selected for their ideal location , good service and value .
all citalia hotels have been specially [chosen/chose] for their ideal location , good service and value .

All Citalia hotels in Florence have been carefully selected for quality and value and are all within a 15–20 minute walk of the city 's famous cathedral and the Ponte Vecchio . Styles and designs vary but to help you make your choice , please note :
all citalia hotels in florence have been carefully [chosen/chose] for quality and value and are all within a 15–20 minute walk of the city 's famous cathedral and the ponte vecchio . styles and designs vary but to help you make your choice , please note :

The cases used in this study were selected to include a range of primary sites and were not true cases of metastasis of unknown origin .
the cases used in this study were [chosen/chose] to include a range of primary sites and were not true cases of metastasis of unknown origin .

An incentive in the United Kingdom could be to reduce the prescription charge by , say , 50p if the patient selected the generic option .
an incentive in the united kingdom could be to reduce the prescription charge by , say , 50p if the patient [chosen/chose] the generic option .

Twenty four were randomly selected from the 70 who volunteered .
twenty four were randomly [chosen/chose] from the 70 who volunteered .

Certainly the first cohort of new pathway students did well in the national board examinations after graduation — but this was a self selected group , who might have done well anyway .
certainly the first cohort of new pathway students did well in the national board examinations after graduation — but this was a self [chosen/chose] group , who might have done well anyway .

The appointment committee is hurriedly and randomly selected .
the appointment committee is hurriedly and randomly [chosen/chose] .

The main offerings of the Met service are TAFs for selected aerodromes and area forecasts .
the main offerings of the met service are tafs for [chosen/chose] aerodromes and area forecasts .

At this point , if the trainee has not already selected a different branch of flying ( Air Transport Command or helicopters ) , he will be assessed on his flying future .
at this point , if the trainee has not already [chosen/chose] a different branch of flying ( air transport command or helicopters ) , he will be assessed on his flying future .

With the new fitting connected up and mounted , run the rest of the wiring along your selected route to the point at which it will be connected to an existing circuit , then turn off the power and make the final connections .
with the new fitting connected up and mounted , run the rest of the wiring along your [chosen/chose] route to the point at which it will be connected to an existing circuit , then turn off the power and make the final connections .

They were all middle-class , aged between 18 and 45 , and they formed a carefully selected , statistically valid sample of sexual behaviour and attitudes across England , Scotland and Wales .
they were all middle-class , aged between 18 and 45 , and they formed a carefully [chosen/chose] , statistically valid sample of sexual behaviour and attitudes across england , scotland and wales .

Each design is available in four colourways and is made in 100% silk , priced at £27 , from House of Fraser stores and selected branches of Liberty .
each design is available in four colourways and is made in 100% silk , priced at £27 , from house of fraser stores and [chosen/chose] branches of liberty .

Likewise , there has been a policy for people who are seen as ‘ problem families ’ ( which often includes single-parent families ) and ‘ unsatis-factory ’ tenants to be selected for these estates ( Gray , 1979 ) .
likewise , there has been a policy for people who are seen as ‘ problem families ’ ( which often includes single-parent families ) and ‘ unsatis-factory ’ tenants to be [chosen/chose] for these estates ( gray , 1979 ) .

Our bewilderment was greater still when our carefully selected clothing was found to be far in excess of the requirement of the moment .
our bewilderment was greater still when our carefully [chosen/chose] clothing was found to be far in excess of the requirement of the moment .

The text details the methods used in the selected illustrations and is spiced with good advice and instruction .
the text details the methods used in the [chosen/chose] illustrations and is spiced with good advice and instruction .

Clarke equalled the United Kingdom junior women 's record of 2.95 metres , and must now wait anxiously to see if she is selected for the junior international match against Hungary later this month .
clarke equalled the united kingdom junior women 's record of 2.95 metres , and must now wait anxiously to see if she is [chosen/chose] for the junior international match against hungary later this month .

Here we have selected a few of the most frequent , with Dr Jeffrey 's answers .
here we have [chosen/chose] a few of the most frequent , with dr jeffrey 's answers .

The Peel Park building was selected for the short-list of the Glasgow Institute of Architects annual competition for the best new building .
the peel park building was [chosen/chose] for the short-list of the glasgow institute of architects annual competition for the best new building .

It was one of five selected selected for inspection by the Assessors from a total entry of 15 .
it was one of five [chosen/chose] [chosen/chose] for inspection by the assessors from a total entry of 15 .

Alan Taylor from Torness and John Logie from Peel Park were both selected to ride for the Scottish team in the four-way international match races against England , Wales and Ireland .
alan taylor from torness and john logie from peel park were both [chosen/chose] to ride for the scottish team in the four-way international match races against england , wales and ireland .

These were narrowed down to a short list of 13 from which Jim 's was selected as best-overall .
these were narrowed down to a short list of 13 from which jim 's was [chosen/chose] as best-overall .

On this basis the Sub-Committee selected the set of submissions for further development to Phase 2 , and in some cases gave guidance on the approach to be adopted .
on this basis the sub-committee [chosen/chose] the set of submissions for further development to phase 2 , and in some cases gave guidance on the approach to be adopted .

Correct products selected
correct products [chosen/chose]

Equipment selected is appropriate to use
equipment [chosen/chose] is appropriate to use

Correct equipment selected and used
correct equipment [chosen/chose] and used

All of the external verifiers selected to participate in the pilot have been through our induction training and have considerable experience in external verification .
all of the external verifiers [chosen/chose] to participate in the pilot have been through our induction training and have considerable experience in external verification .

2*/3* Specified perils on Household Contents , All Risks on Optional selected items .
2*/3* specified perils on household contents , all risks on optional [chosen/chose] items .

This includes cases where the damage results from a fault in the apparatus or where the wrong washing programme has been selected .
this includes cases where the damage results from a fault in the apparatus or where the wrong washing programme has been [chosen/chose] .

In the autumn a number of payroll systems were evaluated and one of these was selected to replace the current external bureau system processing staff salaries .
in the autumn a number of payroll systems were evaluated and one of these was [chosen/chose] to replace the current external bureau system processing staff salaries .

They decided to involve a consultant in the development of the programme and selected Graham Hooley , professor of marketing at Aston Business School , who has worked with Ernst & Young on other projects .
they decided to involve a consultant in the development of the programme and [chosen/chose] graham hooley , professor of marketing at aston business school , who has worked with ernst & young on other projects .

Twenty follow-up interviews were then conducted with selected questionnaire respondents .
twenty follow-up interviews were then conducted with [chosen/chose] questionnaire respondents .

This does n't mean that it has to be quantitative , but rather that there is a clear relationship between the understanding being sought and the information collected , or selected for review , so that there is no inbuilt bias which would prejudge the outcome .
this does n't mean that it has to be quantitative , but rather that there is a clear relationship between the understanding being sought and the information collected , or [chosen/chose] for review , so that there is no inbuilt bias which would prejudge the outcome .

This does n't mean that it has to be quantitative , but rather that there is a clear relationship between the understanding being sought and the information collected , or selected for review , so that there is no inbuilt bias which would prejudge the outcome .
this does n't mean that it has to be quantitative , but rather that there is a clear relationship between the understanding being sought and the information collected , or [chosen/chose] for review , so that there is no inbuilt bias which would prejudge the outcome .

Pethidine was selected , a drug that is similar to Morphine , but is more effective for this specific type of pain .
pethidine was [chosen/chose] , a drug that is similar to morphine , but is more effective for this specific type of pain .

We have invited six major consultancies to submit proposals and expect one of these to be selected , and work to begin , in January .
we have invited six major consultancies to submit proposals and expect one of these to be [chosen/chose] , and work to begin , in january .

She selected from among them , knowing that they could eat very little of this forest feast .
she [chosen/chose] from among them , knowing that they could eat very little of this forest feast .

Variety is also a feature of the research topics selected by students working for higher degrees ( MLitt and PhD ) .
variety is also a feature of the research topics [chosen/chose] by students working for higher degrees ( mlitt and phd ) .

Current Developments in International Law focuses on selected areas including state responsibility , international settlement of disputes , use of force , law of the sea , and international humanitarian law .
current developments in international law focuses on [chosen/chose] areas including state responsibility , international settlement of disputes , use of force , law of the sea , and international humanitarian law .

Two further modules may be selected from Impact Analysis , Innovation & Extension , Computer Applications , Management of Sustainable Development .
two further modules may be [chosen/chose] from impact analysis , innovation & extension , computer applications , management of sustainable development .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general courses available .
the remaining two modules may be [chosen/chose] , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general courses available .

Two further modules may be selected from Innovation & Extension , Management of Sustainable Resources , Crop Storage , Soil Conservation & Management .
two further modules may be [chosen/chose] from innovation & extension , management of sustainable resources , crop storage , soil conservation & management .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the remaining two modules may be [chosen/chose] , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general list available .

Two further modules may be selected from Land Use/Environment Interactions , Nutrient Cycles : Biosphere/Atmosphere Interactions , Impact Analysis , Project Analysis .
two further modules may be [chosen/chose] from land use/environment interactions , nutrient cycles : biosphere/atmosphere interactions , impact analysis , project analysis .

The remaining module may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from the general list available .
the remaining module may be [chosen/chose] , with the approval of the course director , from the general list available .

Two further modules may be selected from Trainer-Training , Teaching and Learning in Higher Education , Education in Developing Countries , and Adult Education .
two further modules may be [chosen/chose] from trainer-training , teaching and learning in higher education , education in developing countries , and adult education .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the remaining two modules may be [chosen/chose] , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general list available .

Two further modules may be selected from Soil Conservation Management , Management of Sustainable Development , Resource Economics , Environmental Economics .
two further modules may be [chosen/chose] from soil conservation management , management of sustainable development , resource economics , environmental economics .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the remaining two modules may be [chosen/chose] , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general list available .

In addition to this course students will take two one-term options selected from the following list : Early European Cinema ; From Eisenstein to Renoir ; Italian Cinema ; Neo-realism and its Modulations ; French Cinema ; The Nouvelle Vague and Contemporary Trends ; The New German Cinema ; Concepts and Film Style .
in addition to this course students will take two one-term options [chosen/chose] from the following list : early european cinema ; from eisenstein to renoir ; italian cinema ; neo-realism and its modulations ; french cinema ; the nouvelle vague and contemporary trends ; the new german cinema ; concepts and film style .

Two further modules may be selected from Animal Production Systems , Crop Production Systems , Crop Protection , Soil Conservation & Management .
two further modules may be [chosen/chose] from animal production systems , crop production systems , crop protection , soil conservation & management .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director .
the remaining two modules may be [chosen/chose] , with the approval of the course director .

The aim is to provide students with the ability to analyse and evaluate selected topics which are related to the analysis of human performance .
the aim is to provide students with the ability to analyse and evaluate [chosen/chose] topics which are related to the analysis of human performance .

Three further modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
three further modules may be [chosen/chose] , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general list available .

The Diploma is a non-vocational qualification for those wishing to undertake supervised study on selected aspects of the Theory and Practice of Landscape Design .
the diploma is a non-vocational qualification for those wishing to undertake supervised study on [chosen/chose] aspects of the theory and practice of landscape design .

Coursework is an accelerated course in New Testament Greek to an advanced level with an examination in June , two exegeses on selected New Testament texts , a possible further two essays on one of the range of subjects mentioned in ( 1 ) above , and an exegetically and linguistically based dissertation on a New Testament passage of central interest to the candidate .
coursework is an accelerated course in new testament greek to an advanced level with an examination in june , two exegeses on [chosen/chose] new testament texts , a possible further two essays on one of the range of subjects mentioned in ( 1 ) above , and an exegetically and linguistically based dissertation on a new testament passage of central interest to the candidate .

Four further modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst general list available .
four further modules may be [chosen/chose] , with the approval of the course director , from amongst general list available .

Two further modules may be selected from Irrigation Systems & Water Use , Crop Production Systems , Crop Protection , Crop Storage Technology .
two further modules may be [chosen/chose] from irrigation systems & water use , crop production systems , crop protection , crop storage technology .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the remaining two modules may be [chosen/chose] , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general list available .

Two further modules may be selected from : Clonal Forestry , Multipurpose Tree Improvement , Tropical Silviculture , Research Methodology .
two further modules may be [chosen/chose] from : clonal forestry , multipurpose tree improvement , tropical silviculture , research methodology .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the remaining two modules may be [chosen/chose] , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general list available .

From this she selected a twelve-inch Sabatier filleting knife and ran her thumb gently along the length of the blade .
from this she [chosen/chose] a twelve-inch sabatier filleting knife and ran her thumb gently along the length of the blade .

On the other side , the wine cellar , the bottles specially selected by my importers , otherwise known as the local off-licence .
on the other side , the wine cellar , the bottles specially [chosen/chose] by my importers , otherwise known as the local off-licence .

The Department operates a Sports Bursary Scheme offering an educational programme , conditioning , medical and other support services and financial assistance to selected outstanding sportsman and women studying at the university .
the department operates a sports bursary scheme offering an educational programme , conditioning , medical and other support services and financial assistance to [chosen/chose] outstanding sportsman and women studying at the university .

In addition , the student will acquire a detailed familiarity with the history , culture and contemporary situation of the selected country and a broad-based knowledge of the Scandinavian field as a whole .
in addition , the student will acquire a detailed familiarity with the history , culture and contemporary situation of the [chosen/chose] country and a broad-based knowledge of the scandinavian field as a whole .

On return to Edinburgh , courses are selected from a wide range of options .
on return to edinburgh , courses are [chosen/chose] from a wide range of options .

Chinese Civilisation 1 deals with selected topics from the Bronze Age to modern times , including social and political history , philosophy , art and literature ( in translation ) .
chinese civilisation 1 deals with [chosen/chose] topics from the bronze age to modern times , including social and political history , philosophy , art and literature ( in translation ) .

Scottish Literature 1 provides an introduction to selected major authors from a variety of periods ( Henryson , Dunbar , Burns , Scott , Hogg , Galt , MacDonald , Grassic Gibbon , Gunn , Muir and Spark ) .
scottish literature 1 provides an introduction to [chosen/chose] major authors from a variety of periods ( henryson , dunbar , burns , scott , hogg , galt , macdonald , grassic gibbon , gunn , muir and spark ) .

Scottish Literature 2 and 3 build on this foundation by examining selected themes and genres , with particular emphasis on the twentieth century .
scottish literature 2 and 3 build on this foundation by examining [chosen/chose] themes and genres , with particular emphasis on the twentieth century .

Selected students can interrupt their medical studies for a year at the end of year 2 , 3 , 4 or 5 and take a BSc ( Medical Sciences ) honours degree .
[chosen/chose] students can interrupt their medical studies for a year at the end of year 2 , 3 , 4 or 5 and take a bsc ( medical sciences ) honours degree .

In the first year , students normally take Chemistry with either Biology or with Mathematics and Geology or with Mathematics and Physics , and later Chemistry is studied along with courses selected from options such as Chemical Pharmacology , Soil/Climate/Water , Economics , Geography , Geology , Industrial Management , Meteorology , Oceanography .
in the first year , students normally take chemistry with either biology or with mathematics and geology or with mathematics and physics , and later chemistry is studied along with courses [chosen/chose] from options such as chemical pharmacology , soil/climate/water , economics , geography , geology , industrial management , meteorology , oceanography .

The lecture modules selected in the first term by individual students determine the ‘ flavour ’ of the degree course to be followed , and may indeed determine its title .
the lecture modules [chosen/chose] in the first term by individual students determine the ‘ flavour ’ of the degree course to be followed , and may indeed determine its title .

The basic plan for joint honours is that both subjects are taken in the first and second years ; then , in the third and fourth years selected parts of the honours courses in mathematics and the other subject are taken .
the basic plan for joint honours is that both subjects are taken in the first and second years ; then , in the third and fourth years [chosen/chose] parts of the honours courses in mathematics and the other subject are taken .

In most degrees there is an element of choice , and particular courses may be selected with the guidance of a Director of Studies to suit the student 's interests .
in most degrees there is an element of choice , and particular courses may be [chosen/chose] with the guidance of a director of studies to suit the student 's interests .

During the first three years , three additional courses are taken , one of which is in architectural history while the others may be selected individually from a range of courses offered by departments in the Social Sciences and Arts Faculties ; in keeping with Scottish University traditions , this encourages the development of diverse interests and allows insights into other academic disciplines .
during the first three years , three additional courses are taken , one of which is in architectural history while the others may be [chosen/chose] individually from a range of courses offered by departments in the social sciences and arts faculties ; in keeping with scottish university traditions , this encourages the development of diverse interests and allows insights into other academic disciplines .

Senior Honours ( 4th year ) all students will continue with the study of certain courses of general and theoretical relevance to anthropology as well as selected optional courses .
senior honours ( 4th year ) all students will continue with the study of certain courses of general and theoretical relevance to anthropology as well as [chosen/chose] optional courses .

The major varieties of sociological theory are introduced through case studies selected for their current interest , so that knowledge of the constitution of modern societies continues to develop .
the major varieties of sociological theory are introduced through case studies [chosen/chose] for their current interest , so that knowledge of the constitution of modern societies continues to develop .

Selected students can interrupt their veterinary studies for a year at the end of years 2 , 3 or 5 and take a BSc ( Vet Sc ) honours degree .
[chosen/chose] students can interrupt their veterinary studies for a year at the end of years 2 , 3 or 5 and take a bsc ( vet sc ) honours degree .

With considerable care he selected four , returned the others to his pockets , opened the chosen ones and sniffed in a discriminating fashion .
with considerable care he [chosen/chose] four , returned the others to his pockets , opened the chosen ones and sniffed in a discriminating fashion .

Three more lids were shut and boxes returned home and finally a large pinch of the selected substance was taken to the right nostril , another to the left .
three more lids were shut and boxes returned home and finally a large pinch of the [chosen/chose] substance was taken to the right nostril , another to the left .

He pored over his 1:100000 maps and finally selected four possibilities .
he pored over his 1:100000 maps and finally [chosen/chose] four possibilities .

Even once Cinzia had bullied one of the assistants into offering Zen a discount , the item she had selected came to about three times what he had reckoned to spend , but he paid up .
even once cinzia had bullied one of the assistants into offering zen a discount , the item she had [chosen/chose] came to about three times what he had reckoned to spend , but he paid up .

With 170 yards to go he selected an 8-iron for height and back-spin .
with 170 yards to go he [chosen/chose] an 8-iron for height and back-spin .

Manuel had selected a wedge ; his caddie was waiting beside the green with his putter .
manuel had [chosen/chose] a wedge ; his caddie was waiting beside the green with his putter .

The followers or ‘ administrative staff are selected not on the basis of status or qualification , but according to personal devotion .
the followers or ‘ administrative staff are [chosen/chose] not on the basis of status or qualification , but according to personal devotion .

The inclusion criteria were that all subjects were current residents of Busselton , aged between 40 and 65 years in December 1990 , had been randomly selected except for a deliberate male to female bias for the purposes of the sleep study , and serum available from 1969 and 1990 .
the inclusion criteria were that all subjects were current residents of busselton , aged between 40 and 65 years in december 1990 , had been randomly [chosen/chose] except for a deliberate male to female bias for the purposes of the sleep study , and serum available from 1969 and 1990 .

Antibody titre rises in selected seropositive children
antibody titre rises in [chosen/chose] seropositive children

The outcome of non-randomised studies has been influenced by the fact that the patients selected for surgery tend to be those in good overall condition with a favourable systemic prognosis .
the outcome of non-randomised studies has been influenced by the fact that the patients [chosen/chose] for surgery tend to be those in good overall condition with a favourable systemic prognosis .

The other trial that compared heparin and aspirin plus thrombolysis is that of the National Heart Foundation ; selected patients treated with tPA and 24 h intravenous heparin were then randomised to continued intravenous heparin or aspirin ( 300 mg ) plus dipyridamole ( 300 mg ) daily for a week .
the other trial that compared heparin and aspirin plus thrombolysis is that of the national heart foundation ; [chosen/chose] patients treated with tpa and 24 h intravenous heparin were then randomised to continued intravenous heparin or aspirin ( 300 mg ) plus dipyridamole ( 300 mg ) daily for a week .

Thus , the third phase of progress in the 1970s was characterised by selection for surgery of the most favourable cases with the expectation that those not selected for treatment would die .
thus , the third phase of progress in the 1970s was characterised by selection for surgery of the most favourable cases with the expectation that those not [chosen/chose] for treatment would die .

Selected Books : Surgery
[chosen/chose] books : surgery

Five were referred after failure of oral dissolution therapy and 10 were selected after unsuccessful extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy or methyl tert-butyl ether dissolution therapy .
five were referred after failure of oral dissolution therapy and 10 were [chosen/chose] after unsuccessful extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy or methyl tert-butyl ether dissolution therapy .

Dissolution therapy with bile acids is moderately effective and dissolves cholesterol stones in 40–60 % of carefully selected patients .
dissolution therapy with bile acids is moderately effective and dissolves cholesterol stones in 40–60 % of carefully [chosen/chose] patients .

The King 's College Hospital series showed mortality rates of 10 % for portosystemic shunt therapy and 40 % for emergency devascularisation procedures , but these treatment groups were selected on the basis of portal anatomy and liver function status and were not therefore comparable .
the king 's college hospital series showed mortality rates of 10 % for portosystemic shunt therapy and 40 % for emergency devascularisation procedures , but these treatment groups were [chosen/chose] on the basis of portal anatomy and liver function status and were not therefore comparable .

Up to 50 histologically normal crypts were analysed from each specimen where the entire proliferating compartment was contained within the longitudinal fragment of the crypt selected for counting .
up to 50 histologically normal crypts were analysed from each specimen where the entire proliferating compartment was contained within the longitudinal fragment of the crypt [chosen/chose] for counting .

We have therefore compared a group of coal miners and an age and sex matched group of subjects selected from the members of a general population screening study .
we have therefore compared a group of coal miners and an age and sex matched group of subjects [chosen/chose] from the members of a general population screening study .

Similarly , if a cancer is found at a screening colonoscopy in a patient presenting to a unit years after the programme entry date for example , colitis of 17 years duration or when referred from another centre it can not be counted a success becaue these cancers represent a selected group detected outside the regular surveillance protocol .
similarly , if a cancer is found at a screening colonoscopy in a patient presenting to a unit years after the programme entry date for example , colitis of 17 years duration or when referred from another centre it can not be counted a success becaue these cancers represent a [chosen/chose] group detected outside the regular surveillance protocol .

Fourteen patients were selected to receive biofeedback treatment .
fourteen patients were [chosen/chose] to receive biofeedback treatment .

The value of an accurate , objective staging system can not be overemphasised now that large studies have shown adjuvant therapies to be beneficial in selected groups .
the value of an accurate , objective staging system can not be overemphasised now that large studies have shown adjuvant therapies to be beneficial in [chosen/chose] groups .

Possibly , selected or routine use of intraoperative cholangiography could have prevented or diagnosed some of the injuries .
possibly , [chosen/chose] or routine use of intraoperative cholangiography could have prevented or diagnosed some of the injuries .

The Henley Faculty — in developing the Programme the Client Director will call upon members of the Henley Faculty and will ensure that those selected to work with you have the necessary blend of subject and industry expertise .
the henley faculty — in developing the programme the client director will call upon members of the henley faculty and will ensure that those [chosen/chose] to work with you have the necessary blend of subject and industry expertise .

The stock of books , corporate information and government publications are carefully selected and reviewed regularly .
the stock of books , corporate information and government publications are carefully [chosen/chose] and reviewed regularly .

In the Survival Study , a random , stratified sample of 520 compounds was selected and blood samples were taken from all the children living in these compounds at baseline and at the end of the trial .
in the survival study , a random , stratified sample of 520 compounds was [chosen/chose] and blood samples were taken from all the children living in these compounds at baseline and at the end of the trial .

7 studies with more than 700 patients were selected .
7 studies with more than 700 patients were [chosen/chose] .

Selected Books : Anaesthesia
[chosen/chose] books : anaesthesia

All were selected for surveillance on the basis of an abnormal naevus pattern .
all were [chosen/chose] for surveillance on the basis of an abnormal naevus pattern .

Prenatal or perinatal risk factors , including infections , trauma , convulsions , exposure to alcohol , older maternal age , and low birthweight seem to be common in selected patient samples .
prenatal or perinatal risk factors , including infections , trauma , convulsions , exposure to alcohol , older maternal age , and low birthweight seem to be common in [chosen/chose] patient samples .

By contrast , open-chest compression after prolonged closed-chest compression is very rarely successful and this method should be attempted only in highly selected patients in hospital .
by contrast , open-chest compression after prolonged closed-chest compression is very rarely successful and this method should be attempted only in highly [chosen/chose] patients in hospital .

Tate spoke slowly and precisely as though each word was carefully selected , examined and polished before being released .
tate spoke slowly and precisely as though each word was carefully [chosen/chose] , examined and polished before being released .

Again , however , a specific objective needs to be established and a suitable tax instrument selected .
again , however , a specific objective needs to be established and a suitable tax instrument [chosen/chose] .

She rooted through the cupboards , turned her nose up at the dishes in the sink , selected tea cups and located the caddy .
she rooted through the cupboards , turned her nose up at the dishes in the sink , [chosen/chose] tea cups and located the caddy .

To this end he had selected two Embassy secretaries as helpers , with brains to equal beauty , who matched him drink for drink late into the night , then killed their hangovers in work .
to this end he had [chosen/chose] two embassy secretaries as helpers , with brains to equal beauty , who matched him drink for drink late into the night , then killed their hangovers in work .

’ The young police officer fished out a twenty-two-function Swiss Police knife and selected a worthy blade .
’ the young police officer fished out a twenty-two-function swiss police knife and [chosen/chose] a worthy blade .

the version number ; if ‘ none ’ is displayed , no module of that name was found in the primary directory or a preferred version of a module was selected .
the version number ; if ‘ none ’ is displayed , no module of that name was found in the primary directory or a preferred version of a module was [chosen/chose] .

This phase will only be entered if no errors were detected during the prepass phase and the user has selected to continue at the end of the prepass phase .
this phase will only be entered if no errors were detected during the prepass phase and the user has [chosen/chose] to continue at the end of the prepass phase .

all SSRs which apply to the approved versions selected by the package of any modules which are not being approved
all ssrs which apply to the approved versions [chosen/chose] by the package of any modules which are not being approved

List Package gives you a full or partial listing of an entire package structure , showing component names , version selected , how selected , warning you if that is not the latest version , the filename it would be read out into , and any DCs referring to the component .
list package gives you a full or partial listing of an entire package structure , showing component names , version [chosen/chose] , how [chosen/chose] , warning you if that is not the latest version , the filename it would be read out into , and any dcs referring to the component .

The volumes are grouped into sets , which can contain as many volumes as required ; each set stores data which is associated with one charge code and selected by a classification filter .
the volumes are grouped into sets , which can contain as many volumes as required ; each set stores data which is associated with one charge code and [chosen/chose] by a classification filter .

When the Relationships Listing has finished , or at the end of the section for each charge code if this option has been selected , statistics are provided on :
when the relationships listing has finished , or at the end of the section for each charge code if this option has been [chosen/chose] , statistics are provided on :

When the user selects this option the Listing will be prepared as specified , with any customised features the user may have selected via Option 4 Amend Configuration Setup which is described later in this section .
when the user selects this option the listing will be prepared as specified , with any customised features the user may have [chosen/chose] via option 4 amend configuration setup which is described later in this section .

relationship mnemonic ( slctd — selected , prfrd — preferred or latst — latest )
relationship mnemonic ( slctd — [chosen/chose] , prfrd — preferred or latst — latest )

There are a number of methods which may be independently selected for each type of information to be transferred .
there are a number of methods which may be independently [chosen/chose] for each type of information to be transferred .

Having selected an option , you are then presented with the first ( or only ) page of the option .
having [chosen/chose] an option , you are then presented with the first ( or only ) page of the option .

Option the option which is being selected ( this changes when a new option is entered ) ; ( eg. 1.2.0 )
option the option which is being [chosen/chose] ( this changes when a new option is entered ) ; ( eg. 1.2.0 )

The unique name selected for the module .
the unique name [chosen/chose] for the module .

This column enables you to specify the unique names selected for the modules you wish to reserve .
this column enables you to specify the unique names [chosen/chose] for the modules you wish to reserve .

If any modules being read out are offline , the time to the next scheduled online/offline run will be displayed and all selected modules will only be read out when the offline modules within the package come back online .
if any modules being read out are offline , the time to the next scheduled online/offline run will be displayed and all [chosen/chose] modules will only be read out when the offline modules within the package come back online .

If any selected modules are offline , the time to the next scheduled online/offline run will be displayed and all selected modules will only be read out when the offline modules within the package come back online .
if any [chosen/chose] modules are offline , the time to the next scheduled online/offline run will be displayed and all [chosen/chose] modules will only be read out when the offline modules within the package come back online .

This option enables you to view the packages which a user has been selected to approve and which a user has submitted for approval .
this option enables you to view the packages which a user has been [chosen/chose] to approve and which a user has submitted for approval .

Alongside each package name is shown its issue number , status ( in terms of approval ) , the date on which its status last changed , and whether the selected user is the Manager or the Approver of the package .
alongside each package name is shown its issue number , status ( in terms of approval ) , the date on which its status last changed , and whether the [chosen/chose] user is the manager or the approver of the package .

The immediate parent of the selected user .
the immediate parent of the [chosen/chose] user .

All packages in the structure which were selected have been processed .
all packages in the structure which were [chosen/chose] have been processed .

Invalid page number selected
invalid page number [chosen/chose]

You have selected a page number outside the range permitted .
you have [chosen/chose] a page number outside the range permitted .

The selected mail message(s) have been copied successfully to the specified user using index 6.3.0 — Copy Mail .
the [chosen/chose] mail message(s) have been copied successfully to the specified user using index 6.3.0 — copy mail .

The selected mail message(s) have been deleted successfully using index 6.4.0 — Delete Mail .
the [chosen/chose] mail message(s) have been deleted successfully using index 6.4.0 — delete mail .

The selected mail message(s) have been printed successfully using index 6.0.0 — Mail System .
the [chosen/chose] mail message(s) have been printed successfully using index 6.0.0 — mail system .

The selected mail message(s) have been sent successfully using option 6.5.0 — Send Mail .
the [chosen/chose] mail message(s) have been sent successfully using option 6.5.0 — send mail .

No Mail has been selected
no mail has been [chosen/chose]

No mail messages have been selected for processing using option 6.0.0 — Mail System .
no mail messages have been [chosen/chose] for processing using option 6.0.0 — mail system .

To select all mail messages ( up to a maximum of 16 of the oldest mail messages ) any of the following options should be selected : —
to select all mail messages ( up to a maximum of 16 of the oldest mail messages ) any of the following options should be [chosen/chose] : —

You have selected to view the model sub state of a module for which no model subtype has been defined .
you have [chosen/chose] to view the model sub state of a module for which no model subtype has been defined .

Prefered module selected
prefered module [chosen/chose]

The preferred version of the module has been selected .
the preferred version of the module has been [chosen/chose] .

You have selected more than one item .
you have [chosen/chose] more than one item .

Check your input and make sure that you have only selected one item .
check your input and make sure that you have only [chosen/chose] one item .

Selected Mail processed — Press Return
[chosen/chose] mail processed — press return

All mail which was selected for processing has now been completed .
all mail which was [chosen/chose] for processing has now been completed .

Syntax Error — Selected Issue Number in invalid format
syntax error — [chosen/chose] issue number in invalid format

An option for processing mail has been selected and no mail exists for you at the present time .
an option for processing mail has been [chosen/chose] and no mail exists for you at the present time .

— the option which is being selected ( this field also allows the input of a new option number , eg. 2.8.1
— the option which is being [chosen/chose] ( this field also allows the input of a new option number , eg. 2.8.1

The package structure to be updated must define an existing baseline i.e. the root package must be approved , and all sub-packages must be referenced at their latest selected approved versions .
the package structure to be updated must define an existing baseline i.e. the root package must be approved , and all sub-packages must be referenced at their latest [chosen/chose] approved versions .

each lower level package is selected at its latest approved version
each lower level package is [chosen/chose] at its latest approved version

Module … selected in package … as latest approved
module … [chosen/chose] in package … as latest approved

Action : The selected module is of type Foreign and can not be displayed
action : the [chosen/chose] module is of type foreign and can not be displayed

Every local and family historian needs to acquire at least a working knowledge of the history of religious dissent in his selected region and a familiarity with the national background .
every local and family historian needs to acquire at least a working knowledge of the history of religious dissent in his [chosen/chose] region and a familiarity with the national background .

After a competition to create a centre-piece for the Universal Exhibition of 1889 , Eiffel 's design was selected in the face of intense opposition from Pierre-Emmanuel Tirard , then Prime Minister , Charles Garnier , architect of the Opera , the composer Gounod , writers Leconte de Lisle and Guy de Maupassant ( the last claimed to be so upset by it that he fled France ) , and more than 40 other national figures .
after a competition to create a centre-piece for the universal exhibition of 1889 , eiffel 's design was [chosen/chose] in the face of intense opposition from pierre-emmanuel tirard , then prime minister , charles garnier , architect of the opera , the composer gounod , writers leconte de lisle and guy de maupassant ( the last claimed to be so upset by it that he fled france ) , and more than 40 other national figures .

To celebrate a time when artists were also jewellers , we have selected some examples of their work-and of the work they helped to inspire .
to celebrate a time when artists were also jewellers , we have [chosen/chose] some examples of their work-and of the work they helped to inspire .

In chemical reactions where gases are evolved the volume of gas can be measured using a suitable gas syringe at selected time intervals .
in chemical reactions where gases are evolved the volume of gas can be measured using a suitable gas syringe at [chosen/chose] time intervals .

The panel of judges was selected from leading retailers , briefed to select the winner as the range of carpets which had the most originality and innovation with outstanding sales potential .
the panel of judges was [chosen/chose] from leading retailers , briefed to select the winner as the range of carpets which had the most originality and innovation with outstanding sales potential .

Sections such as ‘ Eastern Paradise ’ , ‘ The Classics , ’ ‘ Flowers and Ribbons , ’ and ‘ In Vogue ’ give illustrations selected from the wealth of material available from Stoddard 's archive design library .
sections such as ‘ eastern paradise ’ , ‘ the classics , ’ ‘ flowers and ribbons , ’ and ‘ in vogue ’ give illustrations [chosen/chose] from the wealth of material available from stoddard 's archive design library .

Nomination is in itself a considerable mark of achievement but also he has attained further distinction by being selected as one of ten finalists .
nomination is in itself a considerable mark of achievement but also he has attained further distinction by being [chosen/chose] as one of ten finalists .

Already well received by selected retail outlets , it is being used for window and in-store displays .
already well received by [chosen/chose] retail outlets , it is being used for window and in-store displays .

It is at once an anthology of selected short stories and extracts of narratives often Afro-American women writers over 100 years ; a scholarly treatise and critique of their work ; and a highly politicized and womanist questioning of the reasons for their relative obscurity up until the recent ’ renaissance ’ in Black women 's writing .
it is at once an anthology of [chosen/chose] short stories and extracts of narratives often afro-american women writers over 100 years ; a scholarly treatise and critique of their work ; and a highly politicized and womanist questioning of the reasons for their relative obscurity up until the recent ’ renaissance ’ in black women 's writing .

The paper is titled ‘ Adhesion and Detachment of The Toe Pads of Tree Frogs ’ and was selected by a prominent group of twenty professional biologists for publication in The Journal of Experimental Biology .
the paper is titled ‘ adhesion and detachment of the toe pads of tree frogs ’ and was [chosen/chose] by a prominent group of twenty professional biologists for publication in the journal of experimental biology .

This remarkable feat resulted in Alan being selected to represent Scotland at the International Team Trials in Wales , an annual event for top teams throughout the world .
this remarkable feat resulted in alan being [chosen/chose] to represent scotland at the international team trials in wales , an annual event for top teams throughout the world .

After a successful pilot exercise last ; year , the sales force is now introducing fabric to selected retail outlets throughout the country .
after a successful pilot exercise last ; year , the sales force is now introducing fabric to [chosen/chose] retail outlets throughout the country .

For generations Stoddard Templeton have selected only the very finest yarns from all over the world .
for generations stoddard templeton have [chosen/chose] only the very finest yarns from all over the world .

The figures selected will obviously depend on the nature of a company 's business , but generally the most interesting trends to note will include : sales , net assets , profit , and dividends .
the figures [chosen/chose] will obviously depend on the nature of a company 's business , but generally the most interesting trends to note will include : sales , net assets , profit , and dividends .

The sample selected should be properly established and of an appropriate size based on whether a misstatement of a particular size or frequency would affect the interpretation of data and any points of weakness identified during systems evaluation and compliance testing .
the sample [chosen/chose] should be properly established and of an appropriate size based on whether a misstatement of a particular size or frequency would affect the interpretation of data and any points of weakness identified during systems evaluation and compliance testing .

The sponsor of the project must evaluate offers and calculate the total cost of using a selected finance package and compare it with the cost of other sources of finance .
the sponsor of the project must evaluate offers and calculate the total cost of using a [chosen/chose] finance package and compare it with the cost of other sources of finance .

Once the appraisal has been evaluated the project should be selected and submitted for approval .
once the appraisal has been evaluated the project should be [chosen/chose] and submitted for approval .

It is vital at this stage that the selected project is presented in a clear , concise and logical format .
it is vital at this stage that the [chosen/chose] project is presented in a clear , concise and logical format .

Depending on the terms of the contract , delays by nominated subcontractors which affect the main contractor may result in claims against the client which can best be avoided if all of the subcontractors are selected by the main contractor .
depending on the terms of the contract , delays by nominated subcontractors which affect the main contractor may result in claims against the client which can best be avoided if all of the subcontractors are [chosen/chose] by the main contractor .

Reasons for a reduction in productivity may include a poorly planned operation which can result in longer learning curves and a low average output the introduction of more learning curves because of frequent changes of resources and working methods changing physical conditions lower outputs because plant was initially selected for one activity and is used for another inappropriate activity longer hours being worked regularly ( this can occur , for example , when accelerating the work rate to recover delays ) the lowering of morale owing to frequent changes of plan and poor management .
reasons for a reduction in productivity may include a poorly planned operation which can result in longer learning curves and a low average output the introduction of more learning curves because of frequent changes of resources and working methods changing physical conditions lower outputs because plant was initially [chosen/chose] for one activity and is used for another inappropriate activity longer hours being worked regularly ( this can occur , for example , when accelerating the work rate to recover delays ) the lowering of morale owing to frequent changes of plan and poor management .

Incumbent Bill Bradley , an unsuccessful contender for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1988 , was selected in New Jersey as his party 's choice for the Senate .
incumbent bill bradley , an unsuccessful contender for the democratic presidential nomination in 1988 , was [chosen/chose] in new jersey as his party 's choice for the senate .

Ryzhkov told Prunskiene that the Soviet authorities were to allow unconditionally the partial resumption of natural gas and raw material supplies to selected Lithuanian enterprises ( the gas supplies resumed on June 16 ) .
ryzhkov told prunskiene that the soviet authorities were to allow unconditionally the partial resumption of natural gas and raw material supplies to [chosen/chose] lithuanian enterprises ( the gas supplies resumed on june 16 ) .

The Vevay Beauty range covers everything from the latest cosmetics to skin and hair care — every product thoroughly clinically tested and selected for you individually to suit your colouring and skin type .
the vevay beauty range covers everything from the latest cosmetics to skin and hair care — every product thoroughly clinically tested and [chosen/chose] for you individually to suit your colouring and skin type .

5 Exclusive fashion cosmetics and skincare formulations that are specially selected to suit you — and delivered directly to your door
5 exclusive fashion cosmetics and skincare formulations that are specially [chosen/chose] to suit you — and delivered directly to your door

Israel , he alleged , had selected Jordan as `` the point through which to penetrate … the Arab Nation `` and his country could no longer continue to carry the burden of confronting the Israeli threat alone .
israel , he alleged , had [chosen/chose] jordan as `` the point through which to penetrate … the arab nation `` and his country could no longer continue to carry the burden of confronting the israeli threat alone .

In announcing his decision , Bush brushed aside questions on Souter 's attitude to abortion and civil rights , stating that he had been selected because of his `` keen intellect and highest ability `` .
in announcing his decision , bush brushed aside questions on souter 's attitude to abortion and civil rights , stating that he had been [chosen/chose] because of his `` keen intellect and highest ability `` .

The new parliament convened on Nov. 27 ; King Hussein appointed Mudar Badran as Prime Minister on Dec. 4 and two days later a new Cabinet was selected .
the new parliament convened on nov. 27 ; king hussein appointed mudar badran as prime minister on dec. 4 and two days later a new cabinet was [chosen/chose] .

Idaho had been selected by anti-abortionists after similar bills had been defeated in several other state legislatures .
idaho had been [chosen/chose] by anti-abortionists after similar bills had been defeated in several other state legislatures .

During the term of office of the third chief executive , a referendum would be held to decide whether the chief executive should be selected by general election .
during the term of office of the third chief executive , a referendum would be held to decide whether the chief executive should be [chosen/chose] by general election .

Any legislation `` submitted by individual legislative council members `` ( effectively private members ' bills ) would require the endorsement of `` more than half of two groups of members , one selected by the functioning organizations and the other by various constituencies and by the election committee `` .
any legislation `` submitted by individual legislative council members `` ( effectively private members ' bills ) would require the endorsement of `` more than half of two groups of members , one [chosen/chose] by the functioning organizations and the other by various constituencies and by the election committee `` .

On Dec. 1 , 1989 , it was agreed that athletes for a joint Korean team at the 11th Asian Games ( to be held in Beijing , China , in 1990 — see p. 37041 ) would be selected and trained in open competition and that each side would bear half of the costs .
on dec. 1 , 1989 , it was agreed that athletes for a joint korean team at the 11th asian games ( to be held in beijing , china , in 1990 — see p. 37041 ) would be [chosen/chose] and trained in open competition and that each side would bear half of the costs .

Even in Britain in the last years of the nineteenth century a high foreign office official had fairly frequent interviews , on the instructions of Lord Salisbury , the prime minister and foreign secretary , with Reuter 's agent in London and gave him selected information considered helpful to British policy .
even in britain in the last years of the nineteenth century a high foreign office official had fairly frequent interviews , on the instructions of lord salisbury , the prime minister and foreign secretary , with reuter 's agent in london and gave him [chosen/chose] information considered helpful to british policy .

An example of a letter to indicative offerors selected for the second phase of the auction is set out in 1102.20 .
an example of a letter to indicative offerors [chosen/chose] for the second phase of the auction is set out in 1102.20 .

Our strategy is influenced by your requirement for confidentiality and will be based on a circulation to a small number of carefully selected parties .
our strategy is influenced by your requirement for confidentiality and will be based on a circulation to a small number of carefully [chosen/chose] parties .

From the vendors ' viewpoint , it will be important tactically to ensure that the preferred party is selected once all potential deal breaking points have been cleared with that party .
from the vendors ' viewpoint , it will be important tactically to ensure that the preferred party is [chosen/chose] once all potential deal breaking points have been cleared with that party .

one page profile released to selected purchasers
one page profile released to [chosen/chose] purchasers

The memorandum has been prepared by [ selling agent ] solely for the purpose of providing selected information on a confidential basis to prospective investors .
the memorandum has been prepared by [ selling agent ] solely for the purpose of providing [chosen/chose] information on a confidential basis to prospective investors .

Having selected a preferred party it will then be important to finalise heads of agreement quickly , and ensure due diligence and disclosure procedures are completed promptly .
having [chosen/chose] a preferred party it will then be important to finalise heads of agreement quickly , and ensure due diligence and disclosure procedures are completed promptly .

When he , Larsen and Karen had settled into the high cab , the girl in the middle , Rocky selected first gear and started them rolling slowly forward , following the other rig away from the roaring inferno behind them .
when he , larsen and karen had settled into the high cab , the girl in the middle , rocky [chosen/chose] first gear and started them rolling slowly forward , following the other rig away from the roaring inferno behind them .

Having selected your water and turned up for a day 's fishing you then have to decide where the fish will be on the day in question .
having [chosen/chose] your water and turned up for a day 's fishing you then have to decide where the fish will be on the day in question .

The Glenlivet European Trophy — a winter four-ball event for 300 selected clubs throughout the country — has been launched , with the final to be played at the Old Course in May next year .
the glenlivet european trophy — a winter four-ball event for 300 [chosen/chose] clubs throughout the country — has been launched , with the final to be played at the old course in may next year .

To mark the opening , Seve played a hole with selected partners , many of whom had donated sums of money to charity for the privilege .
to mark the opening , seve played a hole with [chosen/chose] partners , many of whom had donated sums of money to charity for the privilege .

Building on the work of previous historians , the project will examine in detail the effects of epidemic disease at the local level in a selected number of parishes within each city .
building on the work of previous historians , the project will examine in detail the effects of epidemic disease at the local level in a [chosen/chose] number of parishes within each city .

These groups were selected on the basis of their annual sales and total assets .
these groups were [chosen/chose] on the basis of their annual sales and total assets .

Six local case studies have been selected : Birmingham , Canterbury , Coventry , London , Plymouth , and Sheffield .
six local case studies have been [chosen/chose] : birmingham , canterbury , coventry , london , plymouth , and sheffield .

Selected firms will be revisited regularly throughout the study , identifying changes as they occur .
[chosen/chose] firms will be revisited regularly throughout the study , identifying changes as they occur .

This project aims to understand the variety of ways in which bus companies manage their undertakings in the context of declining patronage , with particular emphasis on the range of strategic responses made and how these have impacted upon the organisational cultures of selected bus operators .
this project aims to understand the variety of ways in which bus companies manage their undertakings in the context of declining patronage , with particular emphasis on the range of strategic responses made and how these have impacted upon the organisational cultures of [chosen/chose] bus operators .

The organisation and management of selected secondary schools in England
the organisation and management of [chosen/chose] secondary schools in england

One broadly representative country will be selected from within this group for further study
one broadly representative country will be [chosen/chose] from within this group for further study

The feasibility of selected waste collection and disposal in Cardiff
the feasibility of [chosen/chose] waste collection and disposal in cardiff

Selected episodes in other countries will be looked at where relevant .
[chosen/chose] episodes in other countries will be looked at where relevant .

This project aims to investigate subcontracting in selected Japanese industries , using depth interviews .
this project aims to investigate subcontracting in [chosen/chose] japanese industries , using depth interviews .

It is intended to approach this by studying : — their patenting activity by means of patents granted to them in the United States in the past 25 years ; this will indicate the areas where the industries/economies of each country — and their research/innovative activity appears to be strongest ; — the adoption of the selected major postwar innovations and their diffusion in the industries of each of the countries covered ; — their performance in ‘ high-technology ’ areas ; — certain indicators of the countries ' energy economics ; — and possibly assess their productivity level in comparison with some West European countries ; Economic research institutes in Sofia , Prague , Budapest and Warsaw will cooperate by providing — where necessary — the technical and statistical information required .
it is intended to approach this by studying : — their patenting activity by means of patents granted to them in the united states in the past 25 years ; this will indicate the areas where the industries/economies of each country — and their research/innovative activity appears to be strongest ; — the adoption of the [chosen/chose] major postwar innovations and their diffusion in the industries of each of the countries covered ; — their performance in ‘ high-technology ’ areas ; — certain indicators of the countries ' energy economics ; — and possibly assess their productivity level in comparison with some west european countries ; economic research institutes in sofia , prague , budapest and warsaw will cooperate by providing — where necessary — the technical and statistical information required .

For over fifty years selected local bus operators have been given monopoly rights on their routes in return for which they are subject to fares control and expected to plough back any profits from good services to maintain loss-making routes .
for over fifty years [chosen/chose] local bus operators have been given monopoly rights on their routes in return for which they are subject to fares control and expected to plough back any profits from good services to maintain loss-making routes .

In 1980 the government completely deregulated express buses and introduced some experiments in deregulation of local buses on the grounds that the protection induced inefficiency by the selected operators , and , by causing fares to be higher and services poorer than would otherwise be the case on the more profitable routes , accentuated the move to the car and the further decline of public transport .
in 1980 the government completely deregulated express buses and introduced some experiments in deregulation of local buses on the grounds that the protection induced inefficiency by the [chosen/chose] operators , and , by causing fares to be higher and services poorer than would otherwise be the case on the more profitable routes , accentuated the move to the car and the further decline of public transport .

Selected habitats will be studied and data collected on the ‘ costs ’ of conservation , for example in financial ( compensation payments ) and social opportunity cost ( foregone production ) terms ; but the main research effort will examine the ‘ benefits ’ of sites by studying
[chosen/chose] habitats will be studied and data collected on the ‘ costs ’ of conservation , for example in financial ( compensation payments ) and social opportunity cost ( foregone production ) terms ; but the main research effort will examine the ‘ benefits ’ of sites by studying

Four city regions were chosen for detailed study : Clydeside was selected as an example of an area which had suffered persistent economic decline and social malaise , the West Midlands as an area of ‘ faltering growth ’ , the Bristol region as an example of relatively successful adaptation , and London where the two contrasting areas of the inner south-east and the outer south-west were selected .
four city regions were chosen for detailed study : clydeside was [chosen/chose] as an example of an area which had suffered persistent economic decline and social malaise , the west midlands as an area of ‘ faltering growth ’ , the bristol region as an example of relatively successful adaptation , and london where the two contrasting areas of the inner south-east and the outer south-west were [chosen/chose] .

In addition , a number of smaller scale thematic studies were commissioned to provide national data on urban conditions and trends and to explore selected issues that cut across the city studies .
in addition , a number of smaller scale thematic studies were commissioned to provide national data on urban conditions and trends and to explore [chosen/chose] issues that cut across the city studies .

Twelve families , each containing two young people aged 16 and 19 , will be selected according to father 's occupation and the elder child 's age of leaving full-time education and his or her qualifications .
twelve families , each containing two young people aged 16 and 19 , will be [chosen/chose] according to father 's occupation and the elder child 's age of leaving full-time education and his or her qualifications .

Comparisons will be made of output per employee in selected operations , workforce qualifications , incentives to employers and to individuals to invest in training , and type of machinery installed .
comparisons will be made of output per employee in [chosen/chose] operations , workforce qualifications , incentives to employers and to individuals to invest in training , and type of machinery installed .

It has coordinated selected work already underway and proceeds to develop new research initiatives and channel resources to them .
it has coordinated [chosen/chose] work already underway and proceeds to develop new research initiatives and channel resources to them .

It will comprise a First Stage neighbourhood ethnographic survey and a Second Stage series of case studies of households selected from within each neighbourhood .
it will comprise a first stage neighbourhood ethnographic survey and a second stage series of case studies of households [chosen/chose] from within each neighbourhood .

This study analyses the accounting policy choices made for selected industries that have been privatised during the 1980s , both before and after privatisation .
this study analyses the accounting policy choices made for [chosen/chose] industries that have been privatised during the 1980s , both before and after privatisation .

This project aims to investigate the evolution of rules at European and national level in selected areas of labour market regulation .
this project aims to investigate the evolution of rules at european and national level in [chosen/chose] areas of labour market regulation .

The second and most detailed stage will be a series of three interview surveys : of solicitors , to establish the amount and kinds of work they do ; of general legal services , such as the Citizens ' Advice Bureaux , to establish how far they complement or duplicate the service provided by solicitors ; and of a sample of the population from selected parishes to find out the kinds of issues that have caused individuals to resort to legal advice .
the second and most detailed stage will be a series of three interview surveys : of solicitors , to establish the amount and kinds of work they do ; of general legal services , such as the citizens ' advice bureaux , to establish how far they complement or duplicate the service provided by solicitors ; and of a sample of the population from [chosen/chose] parishes to find out the kinds of issues that have caused individuals to resort to legal advice .

Equal numbers of adult and juvenile non-motoring cases are being randomly selected from each force .
equal numbers of adult and juvenile non-motoring cases are being randomly [chosen/chose] from each force .

Secondly , a survey will be conducted to compare the experiences of , and attitudes to , the police and other criminal justice personnel of young black and white males living in a selected provincial city .
secondly , a survey will be conducted to compare the experiences of , and attitudes to , the police and other criminal justice personnel of young black and white males living in a [chosen/chose] provincial city .

Finally , it is intended to carry out some observational work at a selected site in the system , possibly courts , and interview key participants .
finally , it is intended to carry out some observational work at a [chosen/chose] site in the system , possibly courts , and interview key participants .

This makes use of the fact that scientific publications are indexed on computer-based bibliographies by means of selected key-words ( or concepts ) .
this makes use of the fact that scientific publications are indexed on computer-based bibliographies by means of [chosen/chose] key-words ( or concepts ) .

The objective is to see how far the trends observed in Atlanta hold true of these other cities , selected because of certain similarities to and differences from Atlanta .
the objective is to see how far the trends observed in atlanta hold true of these other cities , [chosen/chose] because of certain similarities to and differences from atlanta .

The research , therefore , studies the implications of these trends for individuals and their families within selected professional and managerial occupations .
the research , therefore , studies the implications of these trends for individuals and their families within [chosen/chose] professional and managerial occupations .

On the basis of interviews with representative samples of managerial and professional employees chosen from a selected number of private and public sector organisations , the investigation focuses upon the effects of career closure for
on the basis of interviews with representative samples of managerial and professional employees chosen from a [chosen/chose] number of private and public sector organisations , the investigation focuses upon the effects of career closure for

The Company selected for study is a rapidly expanding firm specialising in ‘ fast food ’ and ‘ concessionary catering ’ .
the company [chosen/chose] for study is a rapidly expanding firm specialising in ‘ fast food ’ and ‘ concessionary catering ’ .

Two key areas have been selected for initial study , the office of Chairman and Managing Director and that of the Finance Controller . Three sets of issues will be examined :
two key areas have been [chosen/chose] for initial study , the office of chairman and managing director and that of the finance controller . three sets of issues will be examined :

Particular events : topics within this theme focus on a selected event taking a developmental and interdisciplinary perspective .
particular events : topics within this theme focus on a [chosen/chose] event taking a developmental and interdisciplinary perspective .

The projects ' objectives are to provide an account of the social processes by which labour demands are generated , jobs formulated , personnel specifications developed and employees recruited and selected , and thus to increase our understanding of the ways in which people and jobs are matched in the labour market .
the projects ' objectives are to provide an account of the social processes by which labour demands are generated , jobs formulated , personnel specifications developed and employees recruited and [chosen/chose] , and thus to increase our understanding of the ways in which people and jobs are matched in the labour market .

The study will be based on 213 life history interviews with up to three generations of 100 families selected on the basis of a national random sample .
the study will be based on 213 life history interviews with up to three generations of 100 families [chosen/chose] on the basis of a national random sample .

Coventry is one of six localities selected for detailed study as part of the Social Change and Economic Life initiative .
coventry is one of six localities [chosen/chose] for detailed study as part of the social change and economic life initiative .

This is a comparative study of three mining communities , selected for their comparability in terms of size , demographic structure and the importance of mining in the local economy , and for their contrasting involvement in the dispute ( ie whether solidly pro-strike , anti-strike or ‘ split ’ ) .
this is a comparative study of three mining communities , [chosen/chose] for their comparability in terms of size , demographic structure and the importance of mining in the local economy , and for their contrasting involvement in the dispute ( ie whether solidly pro-strike , anti-strike or ‘ split ’ ) .

In this project as many as possible of the 80 to 90 survivors from a sample of older people , who were selected from two group general practices in Southampton to take part in earlier studies , will be reinterviewed .
in this project as many as possible of the 80 to 90 survivors from a sample of older people , who were [chosen/chose] from two group general practices in southampton to take part in earlier studies , will be reinterviewed .

a focus on both statutory and non-statutory social services in selected localities in an attempt to explore part of what Rhodes calls ‘ Community autonomy ’ , rather than merely his notion of ‘ local discretion ’ ;
a focus on both statutory and non-statutory social services in [chosen/chose] localities in an attempt to explore part of what rhodes calls ‘ community autonomy ’ , rather than merely his notion of ‘ local discretion ’ ;

Selected policy issues will be used to explore these aspects of central-local relations , using documentary study and structured interviews .
[chosen/chose] policy issues will be used to explore these aspects of central-local relations , using documentary study and structured interviews .

The second stage og the project will involve more detailed studies in several selected areas .
the second stage og the project will involve more detailed studies in several [chosen/chose] areas .

Enquiry will focus on the social processes by which such a community , whose original members will have selected themselves , carves itself from the mainstream society , establishing demographic stability and a cultural identity . Preliminary comparisons with ‘ peaceful societies ’ elsewhere in the world suggest that specific attention should be paid here to social techniques relating to
enquiry will focus on the social processes by which such a community , whose original members will have [chosen/chose] themselves , carves itself from the mainstream society , establishing demographic stability and a cultural identity . preliminary comparisons with ‘ peaceful societies ’ elsewhere in the world suggest that specific attention should be paid here to social techniques relating to

Interviews will be held with individuals , and there will be observation of selected households and their food practices .
interviews will be held with individuals , and there will be observation of [chosen/chose] households and their food practices .

The core of this project is a detailed investigation of the processes of social , economic and political change which are taking place in a few selected villages in the area from which the majority of Pakistani settlers in Britain originate .
the core of this project is a detailed investigation of the processes of social , economic and political change which are taking place in a few [chosen/chose] villages in the area from which the majority of pakistani settlers in britain originate .

These schools will be selected to cover a range of criteria , but all will offer positive models of inter-adult practice .
these schools will be [chosen/chose] to cover a range of criteria , but all will offer positive models of inter-adult practice .

It is also possible to match children from ethnic minorities with selected indigenous children to see how far appropriate matching and the variables used reduce average group differences .
it is also possible to match children from ethnic minorities with [chosen/chose] indigenous children to see how far appropriate matching and the variables used reduce average group differences .

Diagrams for development are being selected for their usefulness to both the teaching-learning process and course assessment requirements .
diagrams for development are being [chosen/chose] for their usefulness to both the teaching-learning process and course assessment requirements .

Three samples of pupils will be selected .
three samples of pupils will be [chosen/chose] .

Drawing information from a variety of sources , and in particular from a national database of commons being structured at the Department of Geography , Aberystwyth , representative samples of ‘ public access ’ commons will be selected for analysis , with a view to evaluating the ways in which such areas are administered , the problems that they face , and the effectiveness of particular schemes of management and regulation .
drawing information from a variety of sources , and in particular from a national database of commons being structured at the department of geography , aberystwyth , representative samples of ‘ public access ’ commons will be [chosen/chose] for analysis , with a view to evaluating the ways in which such areas are administered , the problems that they face , and the effectiveness of particular schemes of management and regulation .

It will assess the internal characteristics of a selected group of enterprises , including the skills and capacities of their owners and managers .
it will assess the internal characteristics of a [chosen/chose] group of enterprises , including the skills and capacities of their owners and managers .

Seven localities were selected for study .
seven localities were [chosen/chose] for study .

Selected rural planning authorities will be investigated in detail to assess existing experiences of the process and outcome of planning gain negotiations in a variety of local contexts , representing areas subject to different kinds of development pressure and planning policy .
[chosen/chose] rural planning authorities will be investigated in detail to assess existing experiences of the process and outcome of planning gain negotiations in a variety of local contexts , representing areas subject to different kinds of development pressure and planning policy .

The majority of children who sit it will not be selected .
the majority of children who sit it will not be [chosen/chose] .

Four horse trials riders from Northern Ireland have been selected to compete in the Heineken Punchestown three-day international championships which begin this week outside Naas in County Kildare .
four horse trials riders from northern ireland have been [chosen/chose] to compete in the heineken punchestown three-day international championships which begin this week outside naas in county kildare .

Derry 's recent injury problems have been well emanating from the county today is quite simple — the fifteen players selected for duty on Sunday will be expected to do us proud !
derry 's recent injury problems have been well emanating from the county today is quite simple — the fifteen players [chosen/chose] for duty on sunday will be expected to do us proud !

He has been selected to undertake an eight-week lecture tour of Australia under the UK-Australian Teacher Fellowship run through Queen 's University .
he has been [chosen/chose] to undertake an eight-week lecture tour of australia under the uk-australian teacher fellowship run through queen 's university .

So far 10 teachers from Britain have been selected to travel to Australia on the scheme , but Mr Orr is the first from Northern Ireland .
so far 10 teachers from britain have been [chosen/chose] to travel to australia on the scheme , but mr orr is the first from northern ireland .

Each governing body selected will be expected to provide a top senior coach and an assistant coach .
each governing body [chosen/chose] will be expected to provide a top senior coach and an assistant coach .

Each governing body selected will receive £100 to cover the fees , expenses and travelling costs of both coaches .
each governing body [chosen/chose] will receive £100 to cover the fees , expenses and travelling costs of both coaches .

The £100 will be paid directly to each governing body selected .
the £100 will be paid directly to each governing body [chosen/chose] .

The National School sports for 1989 will be selected at the next Board of Governors meeting on 19 April .
the national school sports for 1989 will be [chosen/chose] at the next board of governors meeting on 19 april .

State practice on the law of the sea : selected materials
state practice on the law of the sea : [chosen/chose] materials

The main purpose of the research project is to illustrate and examine the extent to which national laws either converge or diverge on selected major issues covered by the law of the sea convention .
the main purpose of the research project is to illustrate and examine the extent to which national laws either converge or diverge on [chosen/chose] major issues covered by the law of the sea convention .

The research team includes people located in different parts of the country and they have carried out in-depth analyses of the campaign in 14 selected constituencies .
the research team includes people located in different parts of the country and they have carried out in-depth analyses of the campaign in 14 [chosen/chose] constituencies .

University/government relations in selected third world countries
university/government relations in [chosen/chose] third world countries

Particular events : topics within this theme focus on a selected event taking a developmental and interdisciplinary perspective .
particular events : topics within this theme focus on a [chosen/chose] event taking a developmental and interdisciplinary perspective .

Accommodation in selected families , on request in hotels or student houses during university holidays .
accommodation in [chosen/chose] families , on request in hotels or student houses during university holidays .

`` Arriba `` will be available from major supermarkets and selected off-licences — so look out for it when you 're next out shopping .
`` arriba `` will be available from major supermarkets and [chosen/chose] off-licences — so look out for it when you 're next out shopping .

It 's so strange he never gets selected now .
it 's so strange he never gets [chosen/chose] now .

Last year Farmer finished runner up in both the 125 and 250 Irish Short Circuit Championships , and had selected outings on Smiley 's 600 Yamaha .
last year farmer finished runner up in both the 125 and 250 irish short circuit championships , and had [chosen/chose] outings on smiley 's 600 yamaha .

The 15-year-old Boat Club player has been selected to represent Ireland in the prestigious Federation Cup tournament , the youngest ever player to attain such recognition .
the 15-year-old boat club player has been [chosen/chose] to represent ireland in the prestigious federation cup tournament , the youngest ever player to attain such recognition .

And while the teams will not be selected until next month , the results in last weekend 's All England championship finals provide a guide to the likely names who will feature in the minds of those selecting the teams .
and while the teams will not be [chosen/chose] until next month , the results in last weekend 's all england championship finals provide a guide to the likely names who will feature in the minds of those selecting the teams .

He illustrated his point in the latest Danish Literary Magazine , with examples of edited versions of his own translations for a new United States version of selected Andersen tales .
he illustrated his point in the latest danish literary magazine , with examples of edited versions of his own translations for a new united states version of [chosen/chose] andersen tales .

However , in saying that there are a few Irish players who will be disappointed at not being selected .
however , in saying that there are a few irish players who will be disappointed at not being [chosen/chose] .

Brain Moore is another fortunate to be selected .
brain moore is another fortunate to be [chosen/chose] .

Probability of life on a randomly selected planet if life arose only once in the universe .
probability of life on a randomly [chosen/chose] planet if life arose only once in the universe .

In natural selection , genes are always selected for their capacity to flourish in the environment in which they find themselves .
in natural selection , genes are always [chosen/chose] for their capacity to flourish in the environment in which they find themselves .

Each gene is selected for its capacity to cooperate successfully with the population of other genes that it is likely to meet in bodies .
each gene is [chosen/chose] for its capacity to cooperate successfully with the population of other genes that it is likely to meet in bodies .

To summarize the message of this chapter , genes are selected , not for their intrinsic qualities , but by virtue of their interactions with their environments .
to summarize the message of this chapter , genes are [chosen/chose] , not for their intrinsic qualities , but by virtue of their interactions with their environments .

When selected genes in one species provide the environment in which genes in another species are selected , the result is often an evolutionary arms race .
when [chosen/chose] genes in one species provide the environment in which genes in another species are [chosen/chose] , the result is often an evolutionary arms race .

Each new genetic improvement selected on one side of the arms race — say predators — changes the environment for selection of genes on the other side of the arms race — prey .
each new genetic improvement [chosen/chose] on one side of the arms race — say predators — changes the environment for selection of genes on the other side of the arms race — prey .

But because the environment of a gene consists , to such a salient degree , of other genes also being selected in the same gene pool , genes will be favoured if they are good at cooperating with other genes in the same gene pool .
but because the environment of a gene consists , to such a salient degree , of other genes also being [chosen/chose] in the same gene pool , genes will be favoured if they are good at cooperating with other genes in the same gene pool .

The above are selected examples from among many , of discontinuous distributions of similar synchronous deposits .
the above are [chosen/chose] examples from among many , of discontinuous distributions of similar synchronous deposits .

This makes it difficult to reach a decision , and causes a nagging worry as to whether the right system has been selected .
this makes it difficult to reach a decision , and causes a nagging worry as to whether the right system has been [chosen/chose] .

( ii ) providing up to date information on selected groups of employees within 24 hours of a request .
( ii ) providing up to date information on [chosen/chose] groups of employees within 24 hours of a request .

Daniel Carey returned to Frizingley as its Chartist Candidate entirely by chance , the gentleman who had originally been selected to fight the by-election having taken up a longish residence in jail on charges of plug-drawing and helping to demolish a workhouse near Rochdale .
daniel carey returned to frizingley as its chartist candidate entirely by chance , the gentleman who had originally been [chosen/chose] to fight the by-election having taken up a longish residence in jail on charges of plug-drawing and helping to demolish a workhouse near rochdale .

They assert that the years selected for comparison of profits and investment correspond to differing points in the business cycle , making comparison misleading .
they assert that the years [chosen/chose] for comparison of profits and investment correspond to differing points in the business cycle , making comparison misleading .

Empirical studies have taken three forms : ( a ) controlled experiments , usually observing how selected persons respond to higher benefits ( negative taxes ) ; ( b ) questionnaires based on random samples , and ( c ) econometric studies using data on how people have responded in the past to tax changes .
empirical studies have taken three forms : ( a ) controlled experiments , usually observing how [chosen/chose] persons respond to higher benefits ( negative taxes ) ; ( b ) questionnaires based on random samples , and ( c ) econometric studies using data on how people have responded in the past to tax changes .

You can make a selection of names to be included in the list so the computer will only display combinations of the selected names .
you can make a selection of names to be included in the list so the computer will only display combinations of the [chosen/chose] names .

The screen draws some impressive patterns until the password , which is selected by you when the program starts , is re-entered .
the screen draws some impressive patterns until the password , which is [chosen/chose] by you when the program starts , is re-entered .

There is now a FastFormat icon which works like a ‘ paintbrush for text ’ and gives a quick way of applying a text attributes from selected text already in your document to any other area you then select .
there is now a fastformat icon which works like a ‘ paintbrush for text ’ and gives a quick way of applying a text attributes from [chosen/chose] text already in your document to any other area you then select .

Other enhancements such as the mouse pointer changing shape according to the function currently selected and changing curve points to corner points may be of less use but at the very least point to a great amount of thought being paid to the design of the program .
other enhancements such as the mouse pointer changing shape according to the function currently [chosen/chose] and changing curve points to corner points may be of less use but at the very least point to a great amount of thought being paid to the design of the program .

The main activity menu has a series of characters or objects that become animated if selected , and also gives access to the other five options .
the main activity menu has a series of characters or objects that become animated if [chosen/chose] , and also gives access to the other five options .

Good additional features include the ability to add your own words , and a Special Word Set containing selected words which frequently cause children difficulty plus some specifically chosen to help dyslexic children .
good additional features include the ability to add your own words , and a special word set containing [chosen/chose] words which frequently cause children difficulty plus some specifically chosen to help dyslexic children .

Some word-processing programs use block markers to identify the position of a selected portion of the document .
some word-processing programs use block markers to identify the position of a [chosen/chose] portion of the document .

It 's tempting to be manly and brutal at times but it often pays to be more cautions with your responses that are selected using a multiple choice system .
it 's tempting to be manly and brutal at times but it often pays to be more cautions with your responses that are [chosen/chose] using a multiple choice system .

Eight views can be selected with the function keys .
eight views can be [chosen/chose] with the function keys .

Once the Enable Task Swapper has been selected from the Options menu , a new box appears containing the names of all the programs which are opened .
once the enable task swapper has been [chosen/chose] from the options menu , a new box appears containing the names of all the programs which are opened .

When the Enable Task Swapper option is selected , an Active Task List window is displayed .
when the enable task swapper option is [chosen/chose] , an active task list window is displayed .

That is if you alter one of the object the other changes to keep the selected dimensions the same .
that is if you alter one of the object the other changes to keep the [chosen/chose] dimensions the same .

To make the handle shape the object subtraction tool is used with both ovals selected .
to make the handle shape the object subtraction tool is used with both ovals [chosen/chose] .

The system is very smooth , with actions selected either by moving the cursor to the top of the screen , or by clicking down the other mouse button which scrolls through the actions .
the system is very smooth , with actions [chosen/chose] either by moving the cursor to the top of the screen , or by clicking down the other mouse button which scrolls through the actions .

The text is entered directly from the keyboard having first selected its position between the staves with the mouse pointer .
the text is entered directly from the keyboard having first [chosen/chose] its position between the staves with the mouse pointer .

Double clicking the mouse whilst the pointer is over a selected area is the normal way of starting any application from an icon .
double clicking the mouse whilst the pointer is over a [chosen/chose] area is the normal way of starting any application from an icon .

Words which may need further explanation are shown highlighted and , when selected with the mouse pointer , reveal a word definition .
words which may need further explanation are shown highlighted and , when [chosen/chose] with the mouse pointer , reveal a word definition .

Only properties that can be given to the selected object are displayed .
only properties that can be given to the [chosen/chose] object are displayed .

Choosing to enter a word in the Synonym input box calls up a list of headwords in alphabetical order , one of these can be selected and examined in more detail in the Thesaurus .
choosing to enter a word in the synonym input box calls up a list of headwords in alphabetical order , one of these can be [chosen/chose] and examined in more detail in the thesaurus .

These can be selected with the operation panel at the front of the machine .
these can be [chosen/chose] with the operation panel at the front of the machine .

Perhaps even more important is the inclusion of a preview facility since before you could not see the effects you had selected until printing out .
perhaps even more important is the inclusion of a preview facility since before you could not see the effects you had [chosen/chose] until printing out .

Raising letters to selected customers and suppliers is also amply catered for .
raising letters to [chosen/chose] customers and suppliers is also amply catered for .

When selected , the first line of the suspect sentence is reproduced on the screen for identification and your further consideration .
when [chosen/chose] , the first line of the suspect sentence is reproduced on the screen for identification and your further consideration .

This is almost always caused by closing Windows in a hurry and leaving the ‘ Save Settings on Exit ’ option selected .
this is almost always caused by closing windows in a hurry and leaving the ‘ save settings on exit ’ option [chosen/chose] .

How the files are selected depends on which boxes you fill in on the dialog box .
how the files are [chosen/chose] depends on which boxes you fill in on the dialog box .

If the number of files selected is too large , or you think that you have missed an important file , you can alter the Search options .
if the number of files [chosen/chose] is too large , or you think that you have missed an important file , you can alter the search options .

Usually , carrying out a search creates a new list of files , but you can choose either to add to the list found so far , or to search only in the list that has already been selected .
usually , carrying out a search creates a new list of files , but you can choose either to add to the list found so far , or to search only in the list that has already been [chosen/chose] .

The Find File dialog box shows the file names currently selected at the left of the screen , and the file details at the right .
the find file dialog box shows the file names currently [chosen/chose] at the left of the screen , and the file details at the right .

Five tenders were returned and following a thorough examination by the team , the bid of Ericsson was selected for recommendation .
five tenders were returned and following a thorough examination by the team , the bid of ericsson was [chosen/chose] for recommendation .

If England were looking to the future then some of the players should have been selected years ago .
if england were looking to the future then some of the players should have been [chosen/chose] years ago .

‘ He chopped and changed the side at whim and never allowed any team he selected to settle down and establish a set pattern of play . ’
‘ he chopped and changed the side at whim and never allowed any team he [chosen/chose] to settle down and establish a set pattern of play . ’

In practice , the chance of being selected as a bone marrow donor is therefore very slim and although on the register you may in fact never match with a patient .
in practice , the chance of being [chosen/chose] as a bone marrow donor is therefore very slim and although on the register you may in fact never match with a patient .

’ He walked over to the neatly stacked rods and selected one , then bent to pick up a wicker fishing box from a corner of the room .
’ he walked over to the neatly stacked rods and [chosen/chose] one , then bent to pick up a wicker fishing box from a corner of the room .

Frowning , she went over to the cabinet and selected a batch of disks .
frowning , she went over to the cabinet and [chosen/chose] a batch of disks .

With some care he selected a Zchloty leaden quarter-iotum and balanced it on a purple thumbnail .
with some care he [chosen/chose] a zchloty leaden quarter-iotum and balanced it on a purple thumbnail .

The unanimously selected winner was Julie McDonnel who calls at the branch regularly as part of her job at Harwell 's Social Club .
the unanimously [chosen/chose] winner was julie mcdonnel who calls at the branch regularly as part of her job at harwell 's social club .

‘ You are interested in collectibles , nej ? ’ The softly voiced question was innocent of guile as he selected a pair of black , jean-cut trousers from a built-in wardrobe and stepped into them with graceful and accurate power , as Gina struggled to control her erratic breathing .
‘ you are interested in collectibles , nej ? ’ the softly voiced question was innocent of guile as he [chosen/chose] a pair of black , jean-cut trousers from a built-in wardrobe and stepped into them with graceful and accurate power , as gina struggled to control her erratic breathing .

When Rune successfully tried his luck at a shooting gallery and invited her to choose which prize she wanted , she selected a paperweight in the form of the Little Mermaid sitting on her rock .
when rune successfully tried his luck at a shooting gallery and invited her to choose which prize she wanted , she [chosen/chose] a paperweight in the form of the little mermaid sitting on her rock .

Now here are the great eight selected by our judges to take part in the Grand Final at London 's swish Sheraton Park Tower on Friday , September 18 .
now here are the great eight [chosen/chose] by our judges to take part in the grand final at london 's swish sheraton park tower on friday , september 18 .

Innocence and Experience : Images of Childhood in British Art from 1600 to the Present , selected by Sarah Holdsworth and Joan Crossley , takes a subject which has immediate appeal .
innocence and experience : images of childhood in british art from 1600 to the present , [chosen/chose] by sarah holdsworth and joan crossley , takes a subject which has immediate appeal .

Dates and locations have been arranged to suit offshore work patterns and the personnel selected to attend .
dates and locations have been arranged to suit offshore work patterns and the personnel [chosen/chose] to attend .

Appropriate vessels are selected .
appropriate vessels are [chosen/chose] .

So Thomas Goldney selected as his architect George Tully , a fellow Quaker who had learnt his trade working as a carpenter on Queen Square for another carpenter turned contractor , John Price .
so thomas goldney [chosen/chose] as his architect george tully , a fellow quaker who had learnt his trade working as a carpenter on queen square for another carpenter turned contractor , john price .

The upmarket chain , whose shops resemble regular bookshops but sell books at half the regular prices , has carefully selected sites in Oxford , Cambridge , Bristol , Brighton , Reading , Marlow and Ealing , and in London in Covent Garden , Charing Cross Road and King 's Road , Chelsea .
the upmarket chain , whose shops resemble regular bookshops but sell books at half the regular prices , has carefully [chosen/chose] sites in oxford , cambridge , bristol , brighton , reading , marlow and ealing , and in london in covent garden , charing cross road and king 's road , chelsea .

Churchill Livingstone takes on exclusive European distribution of selected titles from Paradigm Books from January .
churchill livingstone takes on exclusive european distribution of [chosen/chose] titles from paradigm books from january .

We also spent a lot on advertising , and selected just a few really good author interviews .
we also spent a lot on advertising , and [chosen/chose] just a few really good author interviews .

Such a help system could be based on a pre-stored video segment selected under a system control sensitive to your problem or the nature of the help you request .
such a help system could be based on a pre-stored video segment [chosen/chose] under a system control sensitive to your problem or the nature of the help you request .

The four we have selected are high definition television , networked multimedia , handheld multimedia and virtual reality .
the four we have [chosen/chose] are high definition television , networked multimedia , handheld multimedia and virtual reality .

Manuscripts are selected for publication according to editorial assessment of their suitability and reports from independent referees .
manuscripts are [chosen/chose] for publication according to editorial assessment of their suitability and reports from independent referees .

But such ecosystems are often open , in that they require heavy inputs of nutrients and energy to maintain populations and productivity of a few selected species of plants and animals .
but such ecosystems are often open , in that they require heavy inputs of nutrients and energy to maintain populations and productivity of a few [chosen/chose] species of plants and animals .

This can be driven at frequencies selected from the range 0.01 to 200 Hz .
this can be driven at frequencies [chosen/chose] from the range 0.01 to 200 hz .

Over 16 million different colours are possible using eight-bit representation for the three additive primary colours since any value in the range 0–255 inclusive can be selected for any of the three memory banks .
over 16 million different colours are possible using eight-bit representation for the three additive primary colours since any value in the range 0–255 inclusive can be [chosen/chose] for any of the three memory banks .

The map coordinates of the required pixel position are converted to image coordinates using the transform computed at stage one , and the pixel value on the raw image that is nearest to the computed image coordinate position is selected , as shown in figure 5.16 .
the map coordinates of the required pixel position are converted to image coordinates using the transform computed at stage one , and the pixel value on the raw image that is nearest to the computed image coordinate position is [chosen/chose] , as shown in figure 5.16 .

The selected site should be flat and require a minimum of earth-moving and levelling ;
the [chosen/chose] site should be flat and require a minimum of earth-moving and levelling ;

From the analysis of these factors tentative goals are selected .
from the analysis of these factors tentative goals are [chosen/chose] .

The most beneficial projects should then be selected until the aggregate resources estimated equal those allocated to new projects in Figure 2.6 .
the most beneficial projects should then be [chosen/chose] until the aggregate resources estimated equal those allocated to new projects in figure 2.6 .

The budget figures for the selected projects and the other resource-consuming activities are entered into the budget column and subtotals calculated .
the budget figures for the [chosen/chose] projects and the other resource-consuming activities are entered into the budget column and subtotals calculated .

The selected ideas will now be thoroughly investigated by the team members by model making , testing , cost estimating , obtaining quotations and any other actions necessary to prove their viability .
the [chosen/chose] ideas will now be thoroughly investigated by the team members by model making , testing , cost estimating , obtaining quotations and any other actions necessary to prove their viability .

At the age of eighteen , Doris was turning heads on the island and was selected as Sheerness Carnival Queen from fifteen entrants ; one of the judges was Frank Forbes-Robertson , a film star of the time .
at the age of eighteen , doris was turning heads on the island and was [chosen/chose] as sheerness carnival queen from fifteen entrants ; one of the judges was frank forbes-robertson , a film star of the time .

The target selected indicated a new development .
the target [chosen/chose] indicated a new development .

, is also a keen hockey player and has just been selected to ply for Suffolk Under-18s .
, is also a keen hockey player and has just been [chosen/chose] to ply for suffolk under-18s .

The examining teams are selected by the chief examiners and made up of practising bankers — members who are interested in keeping up to date and ‘ putting something back ’ into the profession .
the examining teams are [chosen/chose] by the chief examiners and made up of practising bankers — members who are interested in keeping up to date and ‘ putting something back ’ into the profession .

Following the excellent results achieved in 1992 ( 61 % pass rate ) , Lloyds , Midland and Yorkshire , once again , decided to sponsor selected students to attend the 1993 courses .
following the excellent results achieved in 1992 ( 61 % pass rate ) , lloyds , midland and yorkshire , once again , decided to sponsor [chosen/chose] students to attend the 1993 courses .

Organised into subject teams , the 30 tutors covered 77 courses for eight selected Associateship papers .
organised into subject teams , the 30 tutors covered 77 courses for eight [chosen/chose] associateship papers .

The Seminar was held in October 1992 and participants were selected and financed by their banks in Germany .
the seminar was held in october 1992 and participants were [chosen/chose] and financed by their banks in germany .

David 's application was successful and along with nine other students he will shortly be setting off for one of eight specially selected Earthwatch projects for two weeks of hard work , learning and fun .
david 's application was successful and along with nine other students he will shortly be setting off for one of eight specially [chosen/chose] earthwatch projects for two weeks of hard work , learning and fun .

One hundred selected employees have been given Perfect Pint cards containing a hotline number at the Cheltenham site on which such breaches can be reported .
one hundred [chosen/chose] employees have been given perfect pint cards containing a hotline number at the cheltenham site on which such breaches can be reported .

He was sent an initial list of trial questions from which the producers of the show selected 500 to take part in a mock Krypton Factor show .
he was sent an initial list of trial questions from which the producers of the show [chosen/chose] 500 to take part in a mock krypton factor show .

Paul ended up being selected as one of the 36 contestants for the autumn series — and immediately had to start a rigorous six week training programme to make sure he could tackle the assault course part of the programme .
paul ended up being [chosen/chose] as one of the 36 contestants for the autumn series — and immediately had to start a rigorous six week training programme to make sure he could tackle the assault course part of the programme .

But , at the same time , the town chosen or the house actually lived in are still selected by the households themselves .
but , at the same time , the town chosen or the house actually lived in are still [chosen/chose] by the households themselves .

Accepted procedural rules appear to be that the person selected must have the support of a majority in the House of Commons ( if need be , after a new general election ) , and that the Monarch must ‘ secure the strongest Government in the minimum time ’ while still observing the need for public impartiality .
accepted procedural rules appear to be that the person [chosen/chose] must have the support of a majority in the house of commons ( if need be , after a new general election ) , and that the monarch must ‘ secure the strongest government in the minimum time ’ while still observing the need for public impartiality .

The selection of a prospective parliamentary candidate shall not be regarded as completed until the name of the member selected has been placed before a meeting of the National Executive Committee , and his or her selection has been duly endorsed .
the selection of a prospective parliamentary candidate shall not be regarded as completed until the name of the member [chosen/chose] has been placed before a meeting of the national executive committee , and his or her selection has been duly endorsed .

( 6 ) In accordance with the constitution of the Labour Party the General Committee of this party or the executive committee of a nationally affiliated organisation shall by resolution formally accept responsibility for the election expenses of the prospective candidate selected and a copy of such resolution shall be attached to the application of the constituency party to the National Executive Committee for endorsement .
( 6 ) in accordance with the constitution of the labour party the general committee of this party or the executive committee of a nationally affiliated organisation shall by resolution formally accept responsibility for the election expenses of the prospective candidate [chosen/chose] and a copy of such resolution shall be attached to the application of the constituency party to the national executive committee for endorsement .

If the said Member of Parliament is not selected as the prospective parliamentary candidate at the special meeting referred to in paragraph ( b ) above to be the prospective parliamentary candidate , he or she shall have the right to appeal to the National Executive Committee on the grounds , and only on the grounds , that the procedure laid down in these rules and the general provision of the constitution and rules have not been properly carried out .
if the said member of parliament is not [chosen/chose] as the prospective parliamentary candidate at the special meeting referred to in paragraph ( b ) above to be the prospective parliamentary candidate , he or she shall have the right to appeal to the national executive committee on the grounds , and only on the grounds , that the procedure laid down in these rules and the general provision of the constitution and rules have not been properly carried out .

( 8 ) Where the prospective parliamentary candidate has been selected and subsequently intimates his or her intention not to stand for parliament in the constituency as the Labour Party candidate at the next election , the procedure set out in section ( 3 ) of this clause shall ( subject to section ( 4 ) of this clause ) be forthwith set in motion again .
( 8 ) where the prospective parliamentary candidate has been [chosen/chose] and subsequently intimates his or her intention not to stand for parliament in the constituency as the labour party candidate at the next election , the procedure set out in section ( 3 ) of this clause shall ( subject to section ( 4 ) of this clause ) be forthwith set in motion again .

( 9 ) When this party has selected the prospective parliamentary candidate , section ( 3 ) of this clause shall be applicable only when section ( 8 ) applies or , having received a written request from the General Committee of this party for permission to reconsider the selection of the prospective parliamentary candidate , the National Executive Committee has decided that in its opinion there are changed circumstances relating to the prospective parliamentary candidate since his or her selection , and has given authority to this party to convene a special meeting of the General Committee in accordance with regulations sanctioned by the National Executive Committee to consider a resolution that the prospective candidate selected previously shall not be the candidate at the next general election .
( 9 ) when this party has [chosen/chose] the prospective parliamentary candidate , section ( 3 ) of this clause shall be applicable only when section ( 8 ) applies or , having received a written request from the general committee of this party for permission to reconsider the selection of the prospective parliamentary candidate , the national executive committee has decided that in its opinion there are changed circumstances relating to the prospective parliamentary candidate since his or her selection , and has given authority to this party to convene a special meeting of the general committee in accordance with regulations sanctioned by the national executive committee to consider a resolution that the prospective candidate [chosen/chose] previously shall not be the candidate at the next general election .

The room seemed very quin as he closed the volume and selected another and made himself turn its unseen pages for ten more minutes .
the room seemed very quin as he closed the volume and [chosen/chose] another and made himself turn its unseen pages for ten more minutes .

In England the funded debt selected were the annuities stemming from a lottery loan of 1710 .
in england the funded debt [chosen/chose] were the annuities stemming from a lottery loan of 1710 .

You need panache to carry it off , with carefully selected ornaments and crockery from the period fortunately , there 's still quite a lot of it around ; geometric patterned wallpaper or plain walls with a border pattern in peaches and rusts .
you need panache to carry it off , with carefully [chosen/chose] ornaments and crockery from the period fortunately , there 's still quite a lot of it around ; geometric patterned wallpaper or plain walls with a border pattern in peaches and rusts .

Babies selected to live by friends and neighbours !
babies [chosen/chose] to live by friends and neighbours !

As with findField the exposure is selected arbitrarily , in this case the mid point between the black- and whiteout points .
as with findfield the exposure is [chosen/chose] arbitrarily , in this case the mid point between the black- and whiteout points .

Tested in isolation with selected data and also run many times .
tested in isolation with [chosen/chose] data and also run many times .

Tested in isolation with selected data .
tested in isolation with [chosen/chose] data .

Hotspur 's lance , steadily lowered as he came , selected its target , the foremost knight on the tallest horse , and struck the uplifted shield so strongly that the shock flattened its bearer back upon his horse 's crupper ; but he kept his seat gamely , rolling under the lance as it flashed by , to recover dizzily and swing a vehement though ineffective stroke with his sword , before the lurch and sway of the press carried him away .
hotspur 's lance , steadily lowered as he came , [chosen/chose] its target , the foremost knight on the tallest horse , and struck the uplifted shield so strongly that the shock flattened its bearer back upon his horse 's crupper ; but he kept his seat gamely , rolling under the lance as it flashed by , to recover dizzily and swing a vehement though ineffective stroke with his sword , before the lurch and sway of the press carried him away .

In other words once the first element has been selected every subsequent choice is determined by the element immediately preceding it .
in other words once the first element has been [chosen/chose] every subsequent choice is determined by the element immediately preceding it .

Each possible parse is completed , a score associated with it and the highest scoring parse selected .
each possible parse is completed , a score associated with it and the highest scoring parse [chosen/chose] .

The highest scoring final derivation is then selected as the parse .
the highest scoring final derivation is then [chosen/chose] as the parse .

That is , for approximately 85 % of words for which alternatives were available , the correct word was selected by the analyser .
that is , for approximately 85 % of words for which alternatives were available , the correct word was [chosen/chose] by the analyser .

The best formula was determined by checking how many times the correct word was selected by the analyser using three different formulae ( Table 4.9 ) .
the best formula was determined by checking how many times the correct word was [chosen/chose] by the analyser using three different formulae ( table 4.9 ) .

The number of words correctly selected is a strong indication , but there are some other results that should also be considered .
the number of words correctly [chosen/chose] is a strong indication , but there are some other results that should also be considered .

The probability of each parse was then calculated and the most probable parse selected .
the probability of each parse was then calculated and the most probable parse [chosen/chose] .

The musical setting is carefully selected too to remove him from the tawdry everyday fray of the pop marketplace : violas , accordions , pennywhistles and assorted kitchen utensils conjure up the timeless integrity of Irish folk music ( or ‘ roots ’ in 1990-speak ) .
the musical setting is carefully [chosen/chose] too to remove him from the tawdry everyday fray of the pop marketplace : violas , accordions , pennywhistles and assorted kitchen utensils conjure up the timeless integrity of irish folk music ( or ‘ roots ’ in 1990-speak ) .

We will ensure that a number of carefully selected children from poor homes , including perhaps even some children or grandchildren of immigrants , are allowed to succeed at school , and to go to university .
we will ensure that a number of carefully [chosen/chose] children from poor homes , including perhaps even some children or grandchildren of immigrants , are allowed to succeed at school , and to go to university .

This year we are asking a selected sample of readers to help us with this process .
this year we are asking a [chosen/chose] sample of readers to help us with this process .

She made her way towards the small window table selected for her the previous evening , but before she could sit down Silas came to her side .
she made her way towards the small window table [chosen/chose] for her the previous evening , but before she could sit down silas came to her side .

As the provision of day beds ought to be the responsibility of the trusts , will the Secretary of State take time today to condemn Labour 's vicious attacks on those individuals who have been selected to help run the trusts ?
as the provision of day beds ought to be the responsibility of the trusts , will the secretary of state take time today to condemn labour 's vicious attacks on those individuals who have been [chosen/chose] to help run the trusts ?

Those projects are still to be selected .
those projects are still to be [chosen/chose] .

Indeed , a mistrust about historical periods possessing commonplaces other than those selected and organised by critical inquiry undertaken for specific , if frequently unconscious , ideological ends is now the familiar assumption .
indeed , a mistrust about historical periods possessing commonplaces other than those [chosen/chose] and organised by critical inquiry undertaken for specific , if frequently unconscious , ideological ends is now the familiar assumption .

Texts are selected for courses from among those available .
texts are [chosen/chose] for courses from among those available .

Brutus 's choice of Caesar as the serpent 's egg is selected as the suitable formulation of the equation between Caesar and serpents Brutus has been toying with throughout .
brutus 's choice of caesar as the serpent 's egg is [chosen/chose] as the suitable formulation of the equation between caesar and serpents brutus has been toying with throughout .

Further , these critics no longer imagined a culture which could be ascertained only by examining selected artistic artefacts of the period .
further , these critics no longer imagined a culture which could be ascertained only by examining [chosen/chose] artistic artefacts of the period .

What emerges is the implication that the perceived cultural exchange between these selected texts reveal preoccupations found throughout the whole culture .
what emerges is the implication that the perceived cultural exchange between these [chosen/chose] texts reveal preoccupations found throughout the whole culture .

This has been the frequent and characteristic complaint of those ( in my experience few ) historians who have explored the New Historicism : the representation of history is idiosyncratic and selected to reflect the preoccupation of the literary critic , not an attempt to account accurately for the period .
this has been the frequent and characteristic complaint of those ( in my experience few ) historians who have explored the new historicism : the representation of history is idiosyncratic and [chosen/chose] to reflect the preoccupation of the literary critic , not an attempt to account accurately for the period .

New Historicists acting to ensure selected texts survive and are allowed to maintain their power ?
new historicists acting to ensure [chosen/chose] texts survive and are allowed to maintain their power ?

If , on the other hand , the client selected from the artist 's studio a finished painting and agreed to pay for it , that agreement would be a contract of sale of goods .
if , on the other hand , the client [chosen/chose] from the artist 's studio a finished painting and agreed to pay for it , that agreement would be a contract of sale of goods .

’ … thus to take a case like that in question of a purchase from a retailer the reliance will be in general inferred from the fact that a buyer goes to the shop in confidence that the tradesman has selected his stock with skill and judgment . ’
’ … thus to take a case like that in question of a purchase from a retailer the reliance will be in general inferred from the fact that a buyer goes to the shop in confidence that the tradesman has [chosen/chose] his stock with skill and judgment . ’

Collection of a library of photographs of known and unfamiliar faces that can then be selected on the basis of being of a similar degree of familiarity , of similar appearance , or of similar occupation . These photographs will then be used to carry out the studies involved in the research ;
collection of a library of photographs of known and unfamiliar faces that can then be [chosen/chose] on the basis of being of a similar degree of familiarity , of similar appearance , or of similar occupation . these photographs will then be used to carry out the studies involved in the research ;

In addition , British executives are inclined to show a weak demarcation between their work and leisure areas , in contrast to the Germans who selected to ‘ compensate ’ more , selecting leisure activities in counterposition to work .
in addition , british executives are inclined to show a weak demarcation between their work and leisure areas , in contrast to the germans who [chosen/chose] to ‘ compensate ’ more , selecting leisure activities in counterposition to work .

From an initial sample of 1000 male faces , two groups are selected , one group comprising faces which people find easy to remember ; the other of faces they find difficult to remember .
from an initial sample of 1000 male faces , two groups are [chosen/chose] , one group comprising faces which people find easy to remember ; the other of faces they find difficult to remember .

Amount and type of strain are being studied in a range of settings , selected to differ in terms of job demands , discretion and support .
amount and type of strain are being studied in a range of settings , [chosen/chose] to differ in terms of job demands , discretion and support .

Position the pipe correctly on the curved former of the bending machine , making sure you have selected the right size
position the pipe correctly on the curved former of the bending machine , making sure you have [chosen/chose] the right size

Most documents have many characteristics that might be identified by a searcher as the criterion by which the document would be selected as relevant .
most documents have many characteristics that might be identified by a searcher as the criterion by which the document would be [chosen/chose] as relevant .

The guiding principle in translating concepts into the indexing language of any given system must be that the terms selected and the relationships indicated are consistent with the ‘ normal ’ user 's perspective on the subject .
the guiding principle in translating concepts into the indexing language of any given system must be that the terms [chosen/chose] and the relationships indicated are consistent with the ‘ normal ’ user 's perspective on the subject .

For example , if a user desires information on asbestos roofing , there may be records for documents in the index that deal specifically with this topic which would be selected as highly relevant .
for example , if a user desires information on asbestos roofing , there may be records for documents in the index that deal specifically with this topic which would be [chosen/chose] as highly relevant .

This citation order must be selected in accordance with the user 's requirements and perspective ; it may follow the educational and scientific consensus of opinion as to which are the more important groupings .
this citation order must be [chosen/chose] in accordance with the user 's requirements and perspective ; it may follow the educational and scientific consensus of opinion as to which are the more important groupings .

These tables may be applied , in carefully selected subject areas and under the guidance of explicit instructions , in order to subdivide a subject found in the main schedules .
these tables may be applied , in carefully [chosen/chose] subject areas and under the guidance of explicit instructions , in order to subdivide a subject found in the main schedules .

Headings are selected for inclusion in Sears ' on the basis of common usage .
headings are [chosen/chose] for inclusion in sears ' on the basis of common usage .

Headings are not constructed and selected systematically .
headings are not constructed and [chosen/chose] systematically .

The British Standards Institution Root Thesaurus is an important attempt to provide a standard list of terms from which terms for thesauri and indexing languages can be selected and more application-oriented lists derived .
the british standards institution root thesaurus is an important attempt to provide a standard list of terms from which terms for thesauri and indexing languages can be [chosen/chose] and more application-oriented lists derived .

Humanly selected terms may be derived from a number of sources , in particular other lists of words used in the subject area , including :
humanly [chosen/chose] terms may be derived from a number of sources , in particular other lists of words used in the subject area , including :

If the thesaurus includes humanly selected terms , it is necessary to record the chosen terms .
if the thesaurus includes humanly [chosen/chose] terms , it is necessary to record the chosen terms .

Rather , they 'd selected newspapers which , while endowed with authoritative reputations , were sympathetic to the malai government — in a nutshell , quality right-wing newspapers which were n't soft on Communism .
rather , they 'd [chosen/chose] newspapers which , while endowed with authoritative reputations , were sympathetic to the malai government — in a nutshell , quality right-wing newspapers which were n't soft on communism .

The Danuese allowed to participate were few in number and rigorously selected , mostly the same ‘ chiefs ’ who had voted for assimilation into the malai republic in the show referendum of a few weeks back .
the danuese allowed to participate were few in number and rigorously [chosen/chose] , mostly the same ‘ chiefs ’ who had voted for assimilation into the malai republic in the show referendum of a few weeks back .

This will be true whatever the value of γ 1 ; therefore whatever value of γ 1 is selected it can not make the distinction between aggregate and relative demand shocks any less important .
this will be true whatever the value of γ 1 ; therefore whatever value of γ 1 is [chosen/chose] it can not make the distinction between aggregate and relative demand shocks any less important .

( 4 ) Before simulating the effects of benefit changes on the expected durations for selected group of individuals , we first report the results from setting the discount rate equal to infinity .
( 4 ) before simulating the effects of benefit changes on the expected durations for [chosen/chose] group of individuals , we first report the results from setting the discount rate equal to infinity .

From Assumptions 1–5 in Section 2 , the expected utility of a union member can be written as Here represents the employment probability and represents the probability of being unemployed , where workers are selected at random from the entire pool of workers in the sector ( because the closed shop is not legal ) .
from assumptions 1–5 in section 2 , the expected utility of a union member can be written as here represents the employment probability and represents the probability of being unemployed , where workers are [chosen/chose] at random from the entire pool of workers in the sector ( because the closed shop is not legal ) .

The strategy is not responsive to past shocks or noise ; the actions selected in any period are the same whatever the past history of shocks .
the strategy is not responsive to past shocks or noise ; the actions [chosen/chose] in any period are the same whatever the past history of shocks .

Samples can be collected which not only adequately represent the facies or lithosomes under study , but are appropriate in orientation , size , shape and freshness to the selected preparation techniques .
samples can be collected which not only adequately represent the facies or lithosomes under study , but are appropriate in orientation , size , shape and freshness to the [chosen/chose] preparation techniques .

The selected area of a faced sample or hand specimen must be marked with water insoluble felt tip pen before cutting .
the [chosen/chose] area of a faced sample or hand specimen must be marked with water insoluble felt tip pen before cutting .

No matter that it had been police business , and that someone had to do it , he had personally selected Phyllis Henley yesterday .
no matter that it had been police business , and that someone had to do it , he had personally [chosen/chose] phyllis henley yesterday .

provide a mainly academic education for pupils aged 11 to 19 who have been selected on the basis of ability .
provide a mainly academic education for pupils aged 11 to 19 who have been [chosen/chose] on the basis of ability .

The majority of independent schools provide a highly academic mainstream education for pupils selected on the basis of ability ( usually through an entrance examination ) , but some are based on alternative philosophies of education , and others offer specialised provision : for example , for the musically gifted , for children with special needs , for children of foreign nationals , or for religious minorities .
the majority of independent schools provide a highly academic mainstream education for pupils [chosen/chose] on the basis of ability ( usually through an entrance examination ) , but some are based on alternative philosophies of education , and others offer specialised provision : for example , for the musically gifted , for children with special needs , for children of foreign nationals , or for religious minorities .

in the langue or language system ) , and ( 2 ) the combination of the items selected into a sequence .
in the langue or language system ) , and ( 2 ) the combination of the items [chosen/chose] into a sequence .

He watched closely as she selected every garment , and at one point he took a dress from her , replacing it with another .
he watched closely as she [chosen/chose] every garment , and at one point he took a dress from her , replacing it with another .

She sat down at the table for two Roman had selected , and tossed her hair back from her face ; Roman had pulled the pins out as soon as they had left the hotel and placed them in his pocket .
she sat down at the table for two roman had [chosen/chose] , and tossed her hair back from her face ; roman had pulled the pins out as soon as they had left the hotel and placed them in his pocket .

To avoid these difficulties in making formative assessments , our current curriculum development initiative , ‘ Learning Mathematics and Science through Investigative Work ’ ( Murphy and Denvir , in preparation ) , which focuses on assessment only insofar as it assists the teaching and learning process , aims to establish a rich meaning in the learning activities which are selected .
to avoid these difficulties in making formative assessments , our current curriculum development initiative , ‘ learning mathematics and science through investigative work ’ ( murphy and denvir , in preparation ) , which focuses on assessment only insofar as it assists the teaching and learning process , aims to establish a rich meaning in the learning activities which are [chosen/chose] .

Within school , pupils may be selected for a teaching group according to particular aspects of their school performance .
within school , pupils may be [chosen/chose] for a teaching group according to particular aspects of their school performance .

Finally , pupils who perceive that they are unlikely to be selected for anything which is valued may become disheartened and fail to fulfil their potential .
finally , pupils who perceive that they are unlikely to be [chosen/chose] for anything which is valued may become disheartened and fail to fulfil their potential .

Does it have a negative and disproportionately large influence on those who are not selected , especially those who do not wish to be considered for selection ?
does it have a negative and disproportionately large influence on those who are not [chosen/chose] , especially those who do not wish to be considered for selection ?

For the majority of the population , ‘ mathematics ’ is synonymous with what has been selected from the vast field of mathematics for inclusion in the exam syllabus .
for the majority of the population , ‘ mathematics ’ is synonymous with what has been [chosen/chose] from the vast field of mathematics for inclusion in the exam syllabus .

It also ignores the reality that school mathematics , both what is studied and the way that it is taught , is selected by groups within society from a vast range of possible topics and approaches .
it also ignores the reality that school mathematics , both what is studied and the way that it is taught , is [chosen/chose] by groups within society from a vast range of possible topics and approaches .

‘ After the death of his beloved Queen Taj Mahal , ’ wrote Manucci , ‘ Shah Jehan selected in Hindustan the city of Dihli in order to build there a new city as his capital .
‘ after the death of his beloved queen taj mahal , ’ wrote manucci , ‘ shah jehan [chosen/chose] in hindustan the city of dihli in order to build there a new city as his capital .

’ And suddenly she laughed , a gay peal , refreshed by a whole day of escape from her selected cage .
’ and suddenly she laughed , a gay peal , refreshed by a whole day of escape from her [chosen/chose] cage .

What has become known as ‘ teenfic ’ is now big business and regular mailings of selected titles , with plot summaries would greatly help busy teachers to select books for future use .
what has become known as ‘ teenfic ’ is now big business and regular mailings of [chosen/chose] titles , with plot summaries would greatly help busy teachers to select books for future use .

In an attempt to deal with this complex realm , selected aspects of the psychology of perception and aesthetic philosophy have been brought to bear upon the Personal Construct Theory of George Kelly ( 1955 ) .
in an attempt to deal with this complex realm , [chosen/chose] aspects of the psychology of perception and aesthetic philosophy have been brought to bear upon the personal construct theory of george kelly ( 1955 ) .

At the micro level , described by Lind , a similar mixture of sometimes intentional , but more often automatic , focusing enables certain elements of the sensory mix to be selected and retained whilst others are excluded .
at the micro level , described by lind , a similar mixture of sometimes intentional , but more often automatic , focusing enables certain elements of the sensory mix to be [chosen/chose] and retained whilst others are excluded .

The above relationships may be represented in a more visually direct manner by plotting the matching scores of each grid along selected dimensions . By summing the matching scores obtained on each construct in table 12.2 it is possible to establish the total number of perceived connections , as shown in table 12.4
the above relationships may be represented in a more visually direct manner by plotting the matching scores of each grid along [chosen/chose] dimensions . by summing the matching scores obtained on each construct in table 12.2 it is possible to establish the total number of perceived connections , as shown in table 12.4

Selected aspects of their comments are included along with the analysis , as well as statements by Hodgkin himself , critics of his work , and other respondents .
[chosen/chose] aspects of their comments are included along with the analysis , as well as statements by hodgkin himself , critics of his work , and other respondents .

Others were selected , and it is not known how , as the parish church for an area , in which the sacraments of baptism , marriage and burial were allowed .
others were [chosen/chose] , and it is not known how , as the parish church for an area , in which the sacraments of baptism , marriage and burial were allowed .

Hincmar had already observed that `` because the realm consists of many regions `` , court officials should be selected from different regions so that provincials with problems would feel confident of a hearing at the palace .
hincmar had already observed that `` because the realm consists of many regions `` , court officials should be [chosen/chose] from different regions so that provincials with problems would feel confident of a hearing at the palace .

Secondly the type of waterproof lining must be selected .
secondly the type of waterproof lining must be [chosen/chose] .

The task may be simplified for trainees if they are given a hard copy of the 15 documents so that an appropriate system for naming the files can be selected ; file extensions , eg .
the task may be simplified for trainees if they are given a hard copy of the 15 documents so that an appropriate system for naming the files can be [chosen/chose] ; file extensions , eg .

The purpose of this module is to provide the opportunity to explore questions of having and bringing up a family , to develop knowledge and skills in being a parent in areas selected on the basis of each individual 's needs and interests , and to help people enjoy being parents .
the purpose of this module is to provide the opportunity to explore questions of having and bringing up a family , to develop knowledge and skills in being a parent in areas [chosen/chose] on the basis of each individual 's needs and interests , and to help people enjoy being parents .

In this type of question , the student is presented with a statement and two possible responses from which the correct one must be selected .
in this type of question , the student is presented with a statement and two possible responses from which the correct one must be [chosen/chose] .

By careful selection of topics from the content of the module , the student can be provided with the opportunity of exploring the usefulness and limitations of selected strategies to different types of problem before going on to tackle the formal investigation .
by careful selection of topics from the content of the module , the student can be provided with the opportunity of exploring the usefulness and limitations of [chosen/chose] strategies to different types of problem before going on to tackle the formal investigation .

The role of the tutor is that of trying to anticipate if the strategies selected or suggested are a realistic means of implementation .
the role of the tutor is that of trying to anticipate if the strategies [chosen/chose] or suggested are a realistic means of implementation .

If some aspects are not feasible then either the range or direction of the investigation may require to change or , in the extreme case , a new investigation may need to be selected .
if some aspects are not feasible then either the range or direction of the investigation may require to change or , in the extreme case , a new investigation may need to be [chosen/chose] .

It is clearly impossible to anticipate every eventuality , but the guiding principle must be that if the source of difficulty does not lie in the implementation of a selected strategy and is not being assessed during the conduct of the investigation , then assistance can be given .
it is clearly impossible to anticipate every eventuality , but the guiding principle must be that if the source of difficulty does not lie in the implementation of a [chosen/chose] strategy and is not being assessed during the conduct of the investigation , then assistance can be given .

In addition to entering the details and results of activities , a note of how decisions were taken and why specified options were selected should be included .
in addition to entering the details and results of activities , a note of how decisions were taken and why specified options were [chosen/chose] should be included .

There should be evidence of the selected strategies being used properly eg if an analytical approach is being used for finding the minimum surface area of a container , while investigating containers , it would be expected that the steps of the process were correct .
there should be evidence of the [chosen/chose] strategies being used properly eg if an analytical approach is being used for finding the minimum surface area of a container , while investigating containers , it would be expected that the steps of the process were correct .

Much of the factual information contained in this article was ascertained during visits to the Commissioner 's office in Warrington during the summer months of 1992 , when selected files were examined and interviews were conducted with the Commissioner and her staff .
much of the factual information contained in this article was ascertained during visits to the commissioner 's office in warrington during the summer months of 1992 , when [chosen/chose] files were examined and interviews were conducted with the commissioner and her staff .

Following a preliminary examination of these new inward investors by means of a postal questionnaire survey , the authors selected a matched sample ( controlling for employment size , sector and production process ) of old and new manufacturing firms .
following a preliminary examination of these new inward investors by means of a postal questionnaire survey , the authors [chosen/chose] a matched sample ( controlling for employment size , sector and production process ) of old and new manufacturing firms .

The individual 's intentions and objectives are correct and the proper course of action is selected but a slip occurs in performing it .
the individual 's intentions and objectives are correct and the proper course of action is [chosen/chose] but a slip occurs in performing it .

Billeting allocation was frequently chaotic : host families could be hostile ; children might be selected according to their good looks and manners ; in rural areas , farmers often gleefully snapped up the strongest boys and set them to work on the land .
billeting allocation was frequently chaotic : host families could be hostile ; children might be [chosen/chose] according to their good looks and manners ; in rural areas , farmers often gleefully snapped up the strongest boys and set them to work on the land .

The films were selected to show only 10 of the possible 40 junctions , details of the junctions chosen are given in Table 4.2 .
the films were [chosen/chose] to show only 10 of the possible 40 junctions , details of the junctions chosen are given in table 4.2 .

24 films were selected from the 60 originally used , these showed three exemplars from each of eight junctions .
24 films were [chosen/chose] from the 60 originally used , these showed three exemplars from each of eight junctions .

Even during piling an compacting , ‘ silent ’ plant equipment was selected to keep the noise down to an acceptable sound level .
even during piling an compacting , ‘ silent ’ plant equipment was [chosen/chose] to keep the noise down to an acceptable sound level .

Then you have to hope you get selected by Wimpey as one of a number of applicants who will go forward .
then you have to hope you get [chosen/chose] by wimpey as one of a number of applicants who will go forward .

By contrast , the bird mentioned in ( 19 ) must be one selected from a group present to the mind of the speaker in the situation of utterance ; this adjective can not be non-restrictive : ( 19 ) the largest parrot made a good supper for the expedition that evening The extraction set in this case might be the parrots we had shot that day .
by contrast , the bird mentioned in ( 19 ) must be one [chosen/chose] from a group present to the mind of the speaker in the situation of utterance ; this adjective can not be non-restrictive : ( 19 ) the largest parrot made a good supper for the expedition that evening the extraction set in this case might be the parrots we had shot that day .

However , it is a standard part of English grammar to require an article with entity-identifiers when the entity is considered countable ( and items selected from a set must be countable ) .
however , it is a standard part of english grammar to require an article with entity-identifiers when the entity is considered countable ( and items [chosen/chose] from a set must be countable ) .

Teaching/dissemination activities in selected LEAs on a regional basis
teaching/dissemination activities in [chosen/chose] leas on a regional basis

First aid boxes are held by selected staff who are trained in first aid techniques .
first aid boxes are held by [chosen/chose] staff who are trained in first aid techniques .

Fussler , in an attempt to analyse the importance of journals in physics and chemistry before the advent of the Science Citation Index , selected a single ‘ key ’ journal in each specialty , and listed references in three sample years spaced at twenty-year intervals .
fussler , in an attempt to analyse the importance of journals in physics and chemistry before the advent of the science citation index , [chosen/chose] a single ‘ key ’ journal in each specialty , and listed references in three sample years spaced at twenty-year intervals .

The paper was selected by the British Association of Industrial Editors to take part in the Federation of European Industrial Editors Associations ' GrandPrix , which was being staged in Paris this month .
the paper was [chosen/chose] by the british association of industrial editors to take part in the federation of european industrial editors associations ' grandprix , which was being staged in paris this month .

Disciplines , or more accurately , theories belonging to disciplines , constitute their phenomena as selected aspects of the totality of the world .
disciplines , or more accurately , theories belonging to disciplines , constitute their phenomena as [chosen/chose] aspects of the totality of the world .

To refer back to the above example , the statements selected could not exhaust all the possible statements that could have been used .
to refer back to the above example , the statements [chosen/chose] could not exhaust all the possible statements that could have been used .

We hope to show that methods are not , and can not be , selected according to the qualities of the data they yield alone .
we hope to show that methods are not , and can not be , [chosen/chose] according to the qualities of the data they yield alone .

Finally , the test items selected are weighted accordingly and used in research contexts to discriminate groups of different degrees of authoritarianism and search for any correlates which might explain such differences .
finally , the test items [chosen/chose] are weighted accordingly and used in research contexts to discriminate groups of different degrees of authoritarianism and search for any correlates which might explain such differences .

To obviate these an alternative to stratification is to concentrate the sample within selected subgroups , or clusters , of the population which makes interviewing more convenient by concentrating respondents together .
to obviate these an alternative to stratification is to concentrate the sample within [chosen/chose] subgroups , or clusters , of the population which makes interviewing more convenient by concentrating respondents together .

He chose a sample of towns for his study as a first stage , then selected smaller districts within these , and so on .
he chose a sample of towns for his study as a first stage , then [chosen/chose] smaller districts within these , and so on .

It is possible , therefore , to construct a sample so that it has the same distribution of characteristics as the population as a whole or , if necessary , selected portions of it .
it is possible , therefore , to construct a sample so that it has the same distribution of characteristics as the population as a whole or , if necessary , [chosen/chose] portions of it .

On the basis of relatively small samples , only a few thousand in each of selected states , it proved possible to make accurate predictions of the electoral outcomes .
on the basis of relatively small samples , only a few thousand in each of [chosen/chose] states , it proved possible to make accurate predictions of the electoral outcomes .

Provided that the panel is selected on a random basis in the first place , we can be sure that the changes identified are real changes in the group and , within a given limit of reliability , in the population as well .
provided that the panel is [chosen/chose] on a random basis in the first place , we can be sure that the changes identified are real changes in the group and , within a given limit of reliability , in the population as well .

In this case a control group would be selected which matches as closely as possible , member for member , the characteristics of the people constituting the experimental group .
in this case a control group would be [chosen/chose] which matches as closely as possible , member for member , the characteristics of the people constituting the experimental group .

Then , when the data have been collected , the respondents are grouped into homogeneous categories according to their scores for selected variables .
then , when the data have been collected , the respondents are grouped into homogeneous categories according to their scores for [chosen/chose] variables .

Third , using the example of occupational categories again , even assuming that a researcher has selected the sample randomly , only later dividing the group with respect to the property of occupational type , this is hardly the randomisation required by experimental design .
third , using the example of occupational categories again , even assuming that a researcher has [chosen/chose] the sample randomly , only later dividing the group with respect to the property of occupational type , this is hardly the randomisation required by experimental design .

It simply can not be assumed that samples selected for their distinctiveness on one variable will vary randomly on others .
it simply can not be assumed that samples [chosen/chose] for their distinctiveness on one variable will vary randomly on others .

For one , the sampling procedure could be designed so that individuals are selected according to their position within the social structure or social group .
for one , the sampling procedure could be designed so that individuals are [chosen/chose] according to their position within the social structure or social group .

Respondents are selected according to some sampling procedure to be representative of some group , collectivity , attribute or process .
respondents are [chosen/chose] according to some sampling procedure to be representative of some group , collectivity , attribute or process .

For example , a researcher interested in the factors responsible for differing rates of absence from work may well interview groups of workers randomly selected from lists of employees in large factories and small ones , factories which have high or low overall rates of absence , or factories which involve different kinds of production processes .
for example , a researcher interested in the factors responsible for differing rates of absence from work may well interview groups of workers randomly [chosen/chose] from lists of employees in large factories and small ones , factories which have high or low overall rates of absence , or factories which involve different kinds of production processes .

Any one , or a combination of these , may be chosen as the basis for choosing the work-places from which a sample can be selected .
any one , or a combination of these , may be chosen as the basis for choosing the work-places from which a sample can be [chosen/chose] .

The fact that it was the first time in the 20th century that either of the major parties had selected an all-southern election ticket reflected the widespread belief that only by recapturing support lost to the Republicans in the south could the Democrats hope to win the presidency .
the fact that it was the first time in the 20th century that either of the major parties had [chosen/chose] an all-southern election ticket reflected the widespread belief that only by recapturing support lost to the republicans in the south could the democrats hope to win the presidency .

Whereas the state case against the officers had been heard in Ventura County , an almost exclusively white suburb of Los Angeles , the federal case was due to be decided by a jury selected from a pool of seven southern California counties ( with a total population of 16,000,000 people ) which was likely to be less predominantly white in composition .
whereas the state case against the officers had been heard in ventura county , an almost exclusively white suburb of los angeles , the federal case was due to be decided by a jury [chosen/chose] from a pool of seven southern california counties ( with a total population of 16,000,000 people ) which was likely to be less predominantly white in composition .

Yeutter was selected to head the Republican Party after William Bennett had unexpectedly turned down the job [ see p. 37911 ] .
yeutter was [chosen/chose] to head the republican party after william bennett had unexpectedly turned down the job [ see p. 37911 ] .

The court found that the pilot appeared to have confused the vertical speed instruments with the altitude indicator , and thus to have selected an inadequate altitude shortly before landing .
the court found that the pilot appeared to have confused the vertical speed instruments with the altitude indicator , and thus to have [chosen/chose] an inadequate altitude shortly before landing .

Opinion surveys suggested that he would enter the election as the clear favourite against Harris Wofford , the Democrat who had been appointed by the state governor to fill the vacancy temporarily and who had been selected by the Democrats as their candidate for the forthcoming election .
opinion surveys suggested that he would enter the election as the clear favourite against harris wofford , the democrat who had been appointed by the state governor to fill the vacancy temporarily and who had been [chosen/chose] by the democrats as their candidate for the forthcoming election .

In announcing his decision , Thornburgh suggested that his resignation would not become effective until such time as he was formally selected as the Republican party 's official candidate .
in announcing his decision , thornburgh suggested that his resignation would not become effective until such time as he was formally [chosen/chose] as the republican party 's official candidate .

According to the Middle East Times of June 11-17 , up to 115 of the 150 public-sector companies had been selected for privatization .
according to the middle east times of june 11-17 , up to 115 of the 150 public-sector companies had been [chosen/chose] for privatization .

The 40 were selected from 348 candidates approved by the Interior Ministry .
the 40 were [chosen/chose] from 348 candidates approved by the interior ministry .

Of the 60 members , 35 were elected by the members of the House of Representatives , 15 were selected from the country 's five development zones and 10 were directly appointed by King Birendra [ see p. 38193 for May election of House of Representatives ] . Seats Nepali Congress 31 United Nepal Communist Party 16 United People 's Front 2 Nepal Sadbhavana Party 1 Appointed by King Birendra 10 Total 60
of the 60 members , 35 were elected by the members of the house of representatives , 15 were [chosen/chose] from the country 's five development zones and 10 were directly appointed by king birendra [ see p. 38193 for may election of house of representatives ] . seats nepali congress 31 united nepal communist party 16 united people 's front 2 nepal sadbhavana party 1 appointed by king birendra 10 total 60

Under this stage all holders of vouchers who had not placed them with investment funds were able to use them to apply for shares in the 1,500 companies selected for privatization .
under this stage all holders of vouchers who had not placed them with investment funds were able to use them to apply for shares in the 1,500 companies [chosen/chose] for privatization .

He also promised to continue his programme of political and economic restructuring , which included the streamlining of the public service and the sale of government assets and of a selected number of state-owned companies .
he also promised to continue his programme of political and economic restructuring , which included the streamlining of the public service and the sale of government assets and of a [chosen/chose] number of state-owned companies .

The amendments included an increase in the maximum duration of joint ventures from 20 to 70 years and authorization of the opening of overseas bank accounts by joint venture companies ; in addition tax concessions already provided to joint ventures were extended to selected wholly foreign-owned investment projects .
the amendments included an increase in the maximum duration of joint ventures from 20 to 70 years and authorization of the opening of overseas bank accounts by joint venture companies ; in addition tax concessions already provided to joint ventures were extended to [chosen/chose] wholly foreign-owned investment projects .

The Guardian of April 3 reported that a large proportion of the candidates selected were `` young and doveish `` .
the guardian of april 3 reported that a large proportion of the candidates [chosen/chose] were `` young and doveish `` .

Prospective parliamentary candidates were screened by executive committees made up of local officials and eight selected `` trustees `` .
prospective parliamentary candidates were screened by executive committees made up of local officials and eight [chosen/chose] `` trustees `` .

Under the plan there were to be changes in public finance policy ; budget deficits were to be limited to 10 per cent of total revenue ; government bonds were to be issued on the Muscat securities market to replace dependence on foreign borrowing ; the state general reserve fund was to be strengthened by a transfer of oil revenues ; a contingency fund was to be created to `` cope with any international or domestic variables `` ; and privatization of selected assets was to go ahead .
under the plan there were to be changes in public finance policy ; budget deficits were to be limited to 10 per cent of total revenue ; government bonds were to be issued on the muscat securities market to replace dependence on foreign borrowing ; the state general reserve fund was to be strengthened by a transfer of oil revenues ; a contingency fund was to be created to `` cope with any international or domestic variables `` ; and privatization of [chosen/chose] assets was to go ahead .

Pupils soon grow weary of a parade of historical topics selected solely because they appear to have a popular appeal or relevance .
pupils soon grow weary of a parade of historical topics [chosen/chose] solely because they appear to have a popular appeal or relevance .

Primary pupils often work best on the in-depth study , so some selected topics for which resources are plentiful can be given exhaustive coverage .
primary pupils often work best on the in-depth study , so some [chosen/chose] topics for which resources are plentiful can be given exhaustive coverage .

Alternatively , one of the thematic optional units could be selected for the same purpose .
alternatively , one of the thematic optional units could be [chosen/chose] for the same purpose .

Another implication of this advice is that teachers need not begin keeping cupboards full of evidence from every pupil over three year periods in case they are selected for a random sample check on teacher assessments .
another implication of this advice is that teachers need not begin keeping cupboards full of evidence from every pupil over three year periods in case they are [chosen/chose] for a random sample check on teacher assessments .

Those schools selected for the first quality audit in mathematics or science have recently been asked to supply 12 pieces of work from across the entire year group reflecting the spread of the ability range .
those schools [chosen/chose] for the first quality audit in mathematics or science have recently been asked to supply 12 pieces of work from across the entire year group reflecting the spread of the ability range .

( 3 ) On what criteria are resources selected ?
( 3 ) on what criteria are resources [chosen/chose] ?

Much of the time pupils will work on sources that have been carefully selected by the teacher .
much of the time pupils will work on sources that have been carefully [chosen/chose] by the teacher .

Afterwards he recommended that the class should go over selected extracts , looking at them with a worksheet .
afterwards he recommended that the class should go over [chosen/chose] extracts , looking at them with a worksheet .

Departments were selected from all Faculties of the University .
departments were [chosen/chose] from all faculties of the university .

Two modules from each of the departments selected were evaluated in Semester 1 , with the process repeated in Semester 2 .
two modules from each of the departments [chosen/chose] were evaluated in semester 1 , with the process repeated in semester 2 .

‘ pilot ’ student records of achievement with a selected number of departments .
‘ pilot ’ student records of achievement with a [chosen/chose] number of departments .

focus ( iv ) : Historical issues relating to a selected text or group of texts : examples The specifically nineteenth-century idea of beauty in the nineteenth-century novel ; developments in the theatre immediately before the English Civil War ; representations of industrial life in early twentieth-century novels .
focus ( iv ) : historical issues relating to a [chosen/chose] text or group of texts : examples the specifically nineteenth-century idea of beauty in the nineteenth-century novel ; developments in the theatre immediately before the english civil war ; representations of industrial life in early twentieth-century novels .

Whatever choice you make stylistically , you need to maintain a register consistently , so that ( even though the register is selected and constructed ) it appears plausible as a `` genuine `` voice rather than merely an unstable , contrived style .
whatever choice you make stylistically , you need to maintain a register consistently , so that ( even though the register is [chosen/chose] and constructed ) it appears plausible as a `` genuine `` voice rather than merely an unstable , contrived style .

Take special care with long quoted passages ( more than a couple of sentences or more than a few lines of a poem ) , as a lengthy quotation which is not then followed by detailed analysis and discussion is probably being used ( illegitimately ) as a way of replacing rather than supporting your argument ; you should guide your readers through the significance of what you have selected for their attention .
take special care with long quoted passages ( more than a couple of sentences or more than a few lines of a poem ) , as a lengthy quotation which is not then followed by detailed analysis and discussion is probably being used ( illegitimately ) as a way of replacing rather than supporting your argument ; you should guide your readers through the significance of what you have [chosen/chose] for their attention .

When people publish prescriptive grammar books , or dictionaries which tell you how to spell words or style manuals which tell you how to punctuate , they are either making their own choice between different possible ( in many cases , arbitrary ) rules or conforming to rules which have been selected at some point by others from a range of possibilities and passed down through history .
when people publish prescriptive grammar books , or dictionaries which tell you how to spell words or style manuals which tell you how to punctuate , they are either making their own choice between different possible ( in many cases , arbitrary ) rules or conforming to rules which have been [chosen/chose] at some point by others from a range of possibilities and passed down through history .

Heavily patterned carpeting may seem a good idea , concealing ground in crumbs and cigarette burns until the cleaners get to work , but there are alternatives to the garish patterns so often selected for public areas .
heavily patterned carpeting may seem a good idea , concealing ground in crumbs and cigarette burns until the cleaners get to work , but there are alternatives to the garish patterns so often [chosen/chose] for public areas .

Each guest 's name and room number are recorded , plus his or her newspaper requirements , their room status and the time of their alarm call if needed ( the system automatically rings at their selected time ) .
each guest 's name and room number are recorded , plus his or her newspaper requirements , their room status and the time of their alarm call if needed ( the system automatically rings at their [chosen/chose] time ) .

Campaigns are designed and media are selected with the assistance of advertising agencies .
campaigns are designed and media are [chosen/chose] with the assistance of advertising agencies .

Another way of looking at the usefulness of tests is to evaluate the productivity of employees selected on the basis of a test , as compared with those applicants that would have been selected without the test , ( 1950 ) first demonstrated that the expected increase in output is directly proportional to the validity of a test .
another way of looking at the usefulness of tests is to evaluate the productivity of employees [chosen/chose] on the basis of a test , as compared with those applicants that would have been [chosen/chose] without the test , ( 1950 ) first demonstrated that the expected increase in output is directly proportional to the validity of a test .

The diglossic approach to bilingualism would have us look for particular domains where Creole might be selected in preference to British English for interactions among second- generation speakers .
the diglossic approach to bilingualism would have us look for particular domains where creole might be [chosen/chose] in preference to british english for interactions among second- generation speakers .

Lee selected 42 words ( see Table 7.1 ) including some non-function words such as find , show , give , etc .
lee [chosen/chose] 42 words ( see table 7.1 ) including some non-function words such as find , show , give , etc .

Random numbers selected by computer for a newspaper competition called `` Millionaire of the Month `` were held to be protected by copyright in Express Newspapers plc v Liverpool Daily Post & Echo plc [ 1985 ] .
random numbers [chosen/chose] by computer for a newspaper competition called `` millionaire of the month `` were held to be protected by copyright in express newspapers plc v liverpool daily post & echo plc [ 1985 ] .

The six fabliaux selected for summarizing here are , if in any way at all , only slightly untypical in being generally longer than average , this being an efficient way of conveying something of the range of what is to be found amongst the French fabliaux .
the six fabliaux [chosen/chose] for summarizing here are , if in any way at all , only slightly untypical in being generally longer than average , this being an efficient way of conveying something of the range of what is to be found amongst the french fabliaux .

Had a more diverse stock existed it would have been more likely for a less familiar tale to have been selected .
had a more diverse stock existed it would have been more likely for a less familiar tale to have been [chosen/chose] .

It operates from sites which have been selected for their character and serves mainly pizza dishes .
it operates from sites which have been [chosen/chose] for their character and serves mainly pizza dishes .

Indeed , 12 promising assistant managers are being selected annually for a development programme designed to prepare them for promotion to general managers .
indeed , 12 promising assistant managers are being [chosen/chose] annually for a development programme designed to prepare them for promotion to general managers .

Students are selected to take part in the four regional finals which involve preparing the menu in cook-offs , and from each regional final a student team is selected for the grand final .
students are [chosen/chose] to take part in the four regional finals which involve preparing the menu in cook-offs , and from each regional final a student team is [chosen/chose] for the grand final .

It has therefore been decided to use the excellent facilities afforded us at Guildford to run a Music Teachers Training Course for selected Q.T.s so that these teachers can be used to assist the Trainers when the new course begins in September 1983 .
it has therefore been decided to use the excellent facilities afforded us at guildford to run a music teachers training course for [chosen/chose] q.t.s so that these teachers can be used to assist the trainers when the new course begins in september 1983 .

a selected item/mass item ?
a [chosen/chose] item/mass item ?

Use a small selected group , say between four and eight , so that the audience can focus easily on the points you are making .
use a small [chosen/chose] group , say between four and eight , so that the audience can focus easily on the points you are making .

Thus in ( 191 ) , to feel evokes a new state of awareness which has arisen as a result of the combined effect on the reader 's mind of novels and tales previously selected for this purpose .
thus in ( 191 ) , to feel evokes a new state of awareness which has arisen as a result of the combined effect on the reader 's mind of novels and tales previously [chosen/chose] for this purpose .

The relatively high completion rates for the ‘ Other NSEs ’ reflects the fact that this includes students with ‘ professional , nursing , technical or secretarial qualifications ’ The pattern which emerges is that students who have been selected on the basis of success in some form of study which prepares them for the demands which will be placed on them in higher education respond as least as well if not better than the traditionally qualified A-level entrants , while those with less evidence of success of this kind find the transition to higher education difficult and are more likely to drop-out .
the relatively high completion rates for the ‘ other nses ’ reflects the fact that this includes students with ‘ professional , nursing , technical or secretarial qualifications ’ the pattern which emerges is that students who have been [chosen/chose] on the basis of success in some form of study which prepares them for the demands which will be placed on them in higher education respond as least as well if not better than the traditionally qualified a-level entrants , while those with less evidence of success of this kind find the transition to higher education difficult and are more likely to drop-out .

Students selected on the basis of success in some form of study which has placed similar demands on them to the ones which they will experience in higher education have been shown to respond as least as well as , it not better than , the traditionally qualified entrants .
students [chosen/chose] on the basis of success in some form of study which has placed similar demands on them to the ones which they will experience in higher education have been shown to respond as least as well as , it not better than , the traditionally qualified entrants .

The authors conclude that universities can have confidence in admitting carefully selected mature students even if they lack formal entry qualifications .
the authors conclude that universities can have confidence in admitting carefully [chosen/chose] mature students even if they lack formal entry qualifications .

All of these students however were rigorously selected through interviews and examinations designed to ascertain their academic abilities .
all of these students however were rigorously [chosen/chose] through interviews and examinations designed to ascertain their academic abilities .

From selected branches .
from [chosen/chose] branches .

Sainsbury 's Tenderlean Lamb is labelled ‘ naturally produced ’ and it comes from selected farms .
sainsbury 's tenderlean lamb is labelled ‘ naturally produced ’ and it comes from [chosen/chose] farms .

Supplies are still limited , despite the growing demand , and it is only available from selected stores .
supplies are still limited , despite the growing demand , and it is only available from [chosen/chose] stores .

In eighth place , the panel selected a loaf from Sainsbury 's in-store bakery , which is made by the Chorleywood Bread Process and is 69p for 800g .
in eighth place , the panel [chosen/chose] a loaf from sainsbury 's in-store bakery , which is made by the chorleywood bread process and is 69p for 800g .

His Lordship decided to act and selected Christopher Pykering , Edmund Dudley and George Bowes to report .
his lordship decided to act and [chosen/chose] christopher pykering , edmund dudley and george bowes to report .

In the list given below , are shown items and pay , selected for their interest over a good number of years .
in the list given below , are shown items and pay , [chosen/chose] for their interest over a good number of years .

Whereas in ordinary completion tests the words for deletion are selected subjectively ( consisting largely of structural words in certain tests and key content words in other tests ) , in cloze tests the words are deleted systematically .
whereas in ordinary completion tests the words for deletion are [chosen/chose] subjectively ( consisting largely of structural words in certain tests and key content words in other tests ) , in cloze tests the words are deleted systematically .

Haymo , although selected by the monks of Rochester as their next choice had to wait until August 1319 , before he was consecrated Bishop .
haymo , although [chosen/chose] by the monks of rochester as their next choice had to wait until august 1319 , before he was consecrated bishop .

Fussler and Simon estimated that three to nine books were consulted for every one selected .
fussler and simon estimated that three to nine books were consulted for every one [chosen/chose] .

Hancock recorded six items examined and two selected .
hancock recorded six items examined and two [chosen/chose] .

the conversation selected should be useable in real cultural situations and should reflect topics of everyday conversation .
the conversation [chosen/chose] should be useable in real cultural situations and should reflect topics of everyday conversation .

This committee was composed of selected villagers and , as the name implies , settled any disputes over grazing rights and any other similar matters pertaining to a crofting community .
this committee was composed of [chosen/chose] villagers and , as the name implies , settled any disputes over grazing rights and any other similar matters pertaining to a crofting community .

Records of patients with multiple sclerosis were selected as a neurological comparison group .
records of patients with multiple sclerosis were [chosen/chose] as a neurological comparison group .

One hundred and nine adult asymptomatic cases without any abdominal complaints ( 68 women , with a mean age of 45.6 years ) , who agreed to participate in this study , were selected from an original group of 120 controls ; 11 subjects refused to participate in the investigation .
one hundred and nine adult asymptomatic cases without any abdominal complaints ( 68 women , with a mean age of 45.6 years ) , who agreed to participate in this study , were [chosen/chose] from an original group of 120 controls ; 11 subjects refused to participate in the investigation .

Actuarial analysis of the subgroups according to the stone mass ( size and number ) selected an ideal patient population with solitary stones less than 20 mm diameter ( 84 % stone free after one year ) .
actuarial analysis of the subgroups according to the stone mass ( size and number ) [chosen/chose] an ideal patient population with solitary stones less than 20 mm diameter ( 84 % stone free after one year ) .

Our results show that extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy with a piezo electric lithotripter , in combination with chemolitholytic medication for the dissolution of radiolucent gall stones in a functioning gall bladder , is an effective and safe treatment in selected groups of patients .
our results show that extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy with a piezo electric lithotripter , in combination with chemolitholytic medication for the dissolution of radiolucent gall stones in a functioning gall bladder , is an effective and safe treatment in [chosen/chose] groups of patients .

Patients were selected from a computerised database of 222 patients with chronic ulcerative colitis attending Leigh Infirmary .
patients were [chosen/chose] from a computerised database of 222 patients with chronic ulcerative colitis attending leigh infirmary .

For each patient taking mesalazine a computer matched patient taking sulphasalazine was also selected .
for each patient taking mesalazine a computer matched patient taking sulphasalazine was also [chosen/chose] .

Although some of these points have been considered , our understanding of colonic function has not increased much and measurements of colonic pressures have not found their way into routine clinical practice ; measurements of transit have a more practical value in selected patients .
although some of these points have been considered , our understanding of colonic function has not increased much and measurements of colonic pressures have not found their way into routine clinical practice ; measurements of transit have a more practical value in [chosen/chose] patients .

Both studies represent selected populatiosn of patients with Crohn 's disease as they included patients with either ileal resection or malabsorption .
both studies represent [chosen/chose] populatiosn of patients with crohn 's disease as they included patients with either ileal resection or malabsorption .

The specially selected high activity micro-organisms have a voracious appetite for all types of organic matter — the cause of virtually all severe odour problems — such as vomit , urine , faeces , food stuffs , pet droppings , beer , etc .
the specially [chosen/chose] high activity micro-organisms have a voracious appetite for all types of organic matter — the cause of virtually all severe odour problems — such as vomit , urine , faeces , food stuffs , pet droppings , beer , etc .

In this study , all subjects were selected on the basis of standard criteria of normality .
in this study , all subjects were [chosen/chose] on the basis of standard criteria of normality .

At the outset , five hypotheses were selected prospectively on the grounds that they were refutable within the context of the study design , that they were of relevance to current duodenal ulcer research , or that they were of potential importance for both ulcer healing and ulcer recurrence . Specifically , the study tested the hypothesis that the duodenal ulcer healing rates after two weeks ' treatment were lower in the presence of :
at the outset , five hypotheses were [chosen/chose] prospectively on the grounds that they were refutable within the context of the study design , that they were of relevance to current duodenal ulcer research , or that they were of potential importance for both ulcer healing and ulcer recurrence . specifically , the study tested the hypothesis that the duodenal ulcer healing rates after two weeks ' treatment were lower in the presence of :

Patients were selected from a group of 80 who were admitted to Northwick Park Hospital during a five year period for management of active Crohn 's disease with an elemental diet .
patients were [chosen/chose] from a group of 80 who were admitted to northwick park hospital during a five year period for management of active crohn 's disease with an elemental diet .

In one recent study , in which colonic neoplasia coexisting with upper gastrointestinal lesions was a frequent finding , the authors acknowledge that their results might have little relevance to outpatient practice as patients were selected by reviewing the blood counts of hospital inpatients .
in one recent study , in which colonic neoplasia coexisting with upper gastrointestinal lesions was a frequent finding , the authors acknowledge that their results might have little relevance to outpatient practice as patients were [chosen/chose] by reviewing the blood counts of hospital inpatients .

Biliary extracorporeal lithotripsy has been considered as one of the alternatives to surgery for the treatment of stones in the bile ducts and in the gall bladder in selected patients .
biliary extracorporeal lithotripsy has been considered as one of the alternatives to surgery for the treatment of stones in the bile ducts and in the gall bladder in [chosen/chose] patients .

Seventy six consecutive patients attending the general medical clinic of a physician with a special interest in gastroenterology , in whom the principal diagnosis of painful rib syndrome was made , were selected for study .
seventy six consecutive patients attending the general medical clinic of a physician with a special interest in gastroenterology , in whom the principal diagnosis of painful rib syndrome was made , were [chosen/chose] for study .

It might be anticipated that tumour cells possessing a mutant p53 and a mutant K-ras allele would have a growth advantage and be selected for during in vivo tumorigenesis .
it might be anticipated that tumour cells possessing a mutant p53 and a mutant k-ras allele would have a growth advantage and be [chosen/chose] for during in vivo tumorigenesis .

While faecal occult blood testing is likely to prove the most cost effective method of screening large populations , genetic tests could initially be targeted at selected high risk groups .
while faecal occult blood testing is likely to prove the most cost effective method of screening large populations , genetic tests could initially be targeted at [chosen/chose] high risk groups .

To estimate intraobserver variation , four randomly selected cases were counted on two separate occasions by the same observer .
to estimate intraobserver variation , four randomly [chosen/chose] cases were counted on two separate occasions by the same observer .

All cases were selected from ileal pouches constructed between 1973 and 1986 at The Mount Sinai Hospital .
all cases were [chosen/chose] from ileal pouches constructed between 1973 and 1986 at the mount sinai hospital .

To ensure SaO 2 readings were valid in jaundiced patients , selected patients also has SaO 2 determined by arterial blood gas analysis .
to ensure sao 2 readings were valid in jaundiced patients , [chosen/chose] patients also has sao 2 determined by arterial blood gas analysis .

An additional 32 biopsies from adults investigated for diarrhoea but with a normal jejunal mucosa on histology were selected as controls .
an additional 32 biopsies from adults investigated for diarrhoea but with a normal jejunal mucosa on histology were [chosen/chose] as controls .

If asthmatics with reflux were somehow more readily influenced to have endoscopy than asthmatics without reflux , our results would apply only to a selected group of asthmatics , and selection bias would be present .
if asthmatics with reflux were somehow more readily influenced to have endoscopy than asthmatics without reflux , our results would apply only to a [chosen/chose] group of asthmatics , and selection bias would be present .

Sections of metaplastic mucosa that had a homogeneous pattern ( > 90 % mucosal surface ) were selected .
sections of metaplastic mucosa that had a homogeneous pattern ( > 90 % mucosal surface ) were [chosen/chose] .

Patients were selected on a random , consecutive basis .
patients were [chosen/chose] on a random , consecutive basis .

It has to be pointed out , however , that we selected asymptomatic patients and thus total colonic transit times have still to be considered in the high normal range .
it has to be pointed out , however , that we [chosen/chose] asymptomatic patients and thus total colonic transit times have still to be considered in the high normal range .

It may be that different subgroups of patients with differences in prognosis have been selected into the two diagnostic procedures .
it may be that different subgroups of patients with differences in prognosis have been [chosen/chose] into the two diagnostic procedures .

The hospital was selected because it is remote from a transplant centre and its geographical location dictates that virtually all medical emergencies and outpatient referrals are sent there .
the hospital was [chosen/chose] because it is remote from a transplant centre and its geographical location dictates that virtually all medical emergencies and outpatient referrals are sent there .

However , liver transplantation for hepatocellular carcinoma still has a place in carefully selected patients .
however , liver transplantation for hepatocellular carcinoma still has a place in carefully [chosen/chose] patients .

During the year , the Health and Safety Executive 's Accident Prevention Advisory Unit performed sample audits of selected Wood Group companies .
during the year , the health and safety executive 's accident prevention advisory unit performed sample audits of [chosen/chose] wood group companies .

The report proposes a pilot scheme in selected courts .
the report proposes a pilot scheme in [chosen/chose] courts .

David told her that he had been thinking of working hard to get Amaranth Wilikins selected as the Conservative candidate for Arden in place of Sir Ralph .
david told her that he had been thinking of working hard to get amaranth wilikins [chosen/chose] as the conservative candidate for arden in place of sir ralph .

However , other research has shown that in addition to the mean level of risk observed from a sample of portfolios containing the same number of randomly selected shares , the standard deviation also has to be taken into account .
however , other research has shown that in addition to the mean level of risk observed from a sample of portfolios containing the same number of randomly [chosen/chose] shares , the standard deviation also has to be taken into account .

By allowing for the distribution of results in random diversification , reductions in the overall risk of a randomly selected portfolio of shares may continue until the number of constituent securities reaches about thirty .
by allowing for the distribution of results in random diversification , reductions in the overall risk of a randomly [chosen/chose] portfolio of shares may continue until the number of constituent securities reaches about thirty .

The performance and performance resting of selected unit trusts are shown in Tables 6.4 and 6.5 .
the performance and performance resting of [chosen/chose] unit trusts are shown in tables 6.4 and 6.5 .

Six pupils were selected — one from every year .
six pupils were [chosen/chose] — one from every year .

Forty primary and twenty secondary schools were selected at random from those thus eligible .
forty primary and twenty secondary schools were [chosen/chose] at random from those thus eligible .

Selected references
[chosen/chose] references

Selected references
[chosen/chose] references

Selected references
[chosen/chose] references

The most beneficial projects should then be selected until the aggregate resources estimated equal those allocated to new projects in Figure 2.6 .
the most beneficial projects should then be [chosen/chose] until the aggregate resources estimated equal those allocated to new projects in figure 2.6 .

The budget figures for the selected projects and the other resource-consuming activities are entered into the budget column and subtotals calculated .
the budget figures for the [chosen/chose] projects and the other resource-consuming activities are entered into the budget column and subtotals calculated .

The selected ideas will now be thoroughly investigated by the team members by model making , testing , cost estimating , obtaining quotations and any other actions necessary to prove their viability .
the [chosen/chose] ideas will now be thoroughly investigated by the team members by model making , testing , cost estimating , obtaining quotations and any other actions necessary to prove their viability .

The disclosure comes as Rolls-Royce , one of four blue-chip companies selected for strike ballots at key sites in two weeks , said there would be lay-offs and redundancies among its 37,000 workforce if action goes ahead .
the disclosure comes as rolls-royce , one of four blue-chip companies [chosen/chose] for strike ballots at key sites in two weeks , said there would be lay-offs and redundancies among its 37,000 workforce if action goes ahead .

Police constables , station sergeants , inspectors and some higher ranks are all being asked to take part in the review , while the public in selected towns are to be asked questions about the police and whether the people 's needs are being met .
police constables , station sergeants , inspectors and some higher ranks are all being asked to take part in the review , while the public in [chosen/chose] towns are to be asked questions about the police and whether the people 's needs are being met .

He also accepts that some evolutionary changes in molecules do alter function , and are likewise selected .
he also accepts that some evolutionary changes in molecules do alter function , and are likewise [chosen/chose] .

His point is that there are also molecular changes occurring which are not selected , because they have little or no effect on function .
his point is that there are also molecular changes occurring which are not [chosen/chose] , because they have little or no effect on function .

The camp guards had allowed the baby six months ' life and then , when Elisabeth was selected for the officers ' brothel and her breasts required for purposes other than those of nourishing a Jewish infant , a non-commissioned officer , having polished his boots , drawn up the mess accounts , written an affectionate note to his wife and son and relieved his bladder , took Elisabeth Danziger 's baby from her arms and dashed out its brains against the stone wall outside his office .
the camp guards had allowed the baby six months ' life and then , when elisabeth was [chosen/chose] for the officers ' brothel and her breasts required for purposes other than those of nourishing a jewish infant , a non-commissioned officer , having polished his boots , drawn up the mess accounts , written an affectionate note to his wife and son and relieved his bladder , took elisabeth danziger 's baby from her arms and dashed out its brains against the stone wall outside his office .

Top : On a square grid selected diagonals are switched through 90° .
top : on a square grid [chosen/chose] diagonals are switched through 90° .

The removal of selected pyramid modules can offer internal openings and improve the strength to weight ratio of the system , while not sacrificing stability .
the removal of [chosen/chose] pyramid modules can offer internal openings and improve the strength to weight ratio of the system , while not sacrificing stability .

The concept triangle can be evoked by selected parts .
the concept triangle can be evoked by [chosen/chose] parts .

( 5 ) Metaphor : substitution of objects or actions that emphasises selected characteristics ( Chagall , Gauguin , Magritte ) .
( 5 ) metaphor : substitution of objects or actions that emphasises [chosen/chose] characteristics ( chagall , gauguin , magritte ) .

Belshaw seems to have been disappointed that he was not selected to fight an Assembly seat .
belshaw seems to have been disappointed that he was not [chosen/chose] to fight an assembly seat .

She will lunch with selected guests in the new council offices , and an hour beforehand they are all turned out in their best suits and dresses fidgeting in anticipation .
she will lunch with [chosen/chose] guests in the new council offices , and an hour beforehand they are all turned out in their best suits and dresses fidgeting in anticipation .

Amid all the excitement and turbulence of the days after an election , newly appointed cabinet ministers must find a moment to learn how to kneel and kiss the hand of the Queen , in order that they may become members of the Queen 's Privy Council , together with opposition leaders , selected Commonwealth statesmen , churchmen like the Archbishop of Canterbury and senior civil servants .
amid all the excitement and turbulence of the days after an election , newly appointed cabinet ministers must find a moment to learn how to kneel and kiss the hand of the queen , in order that they may become members of the queen 's privy council , together with opposition leaders , [chosen/chose] commonwealth statesmen , churchmen like the archbishop of canterbury and senior civil servants .

Although procedurally they are selected by the appointments secretary at Downing Street , in practice the Queen is asked for her informal approval before a nomination is made : the prime minister 's private secretary writes to the Queen 's private secretary saying ‘ the
although procedurally they are [chosen/chose] by the appointments secretary at downing street , in practice the queen is asked for her informal approval before a nomination is made : the prime minister 's private secretary writes to the queen 's private secretary saying ‘ the

The journalist Hugh Montgomery-Massingberd , continuing his indefatigable quest for the ancien régime , identified a clutch of MPs who owned country houses , including Paul Channon and Mark Lennox-Boyd of the Guinness dynasty ( the story goes that when Channon was selected for his seat in Southend , which had been represented by the family since 1912 , local advertising hoardings were proclaiming ‘ Have Another Guinness !
the journalist hugh montgomery-massingberd , continuing his indefatigable quest for the ancien régime , identified a clutch of mps who owned country houses , including paul channon and mark lennox-boyd of the guinness dynasty ( the story goes that when channon was [chosen/chose] for his seat in southend , which had been represented by the family since 1912 , local advertising hoardings were proclaiming ‘ have another guinness !

Those who got selected either for constituencies , or for the Central Office list when it was established in the 1950s , tended to be those whom old buffers in the party already had a pretty good idea about , because they knew their fathers , their regiments or their schools .
those who got [chosen/chose] either for constituencies , or for the central office list when it was established in the 1950s , tended to be those whom old buffers in the party already had a pretty good idea about , because they knew their fathers , their regiments or their schools .

The list from which they are selected is held on a small computer on the second floor of the drab grey Cabinet Office building in Whitehall .
the list from which they are [chosen/chose] is held on a small computer on the second floor of the drab grey cabinet office building in whitehall .

Gaily selected the tools and took them off down the path to the back-gate .
gaily [chosen/chose] the tools and took them off down the path to the back-gate .

Receiving the Championship Trophy brings to a conclusion a memorable week for Wigan , who earned the distinction of having a record 13 players selected for the tour this summer .
receiving the championship trophy brings to a conclusion a memorable week for wigan , who earned the distinction of having a record 13 players [chosen/chose] for the tour this summer .

The researchers selected 35 people who ate spicy food regularly and gave 19 of them 32 solutions containing different amounts of capsaicin and sugar .
the researchers [chosen/chose] 35 people who ate spicy food regularly and gave 19 of them 32 solutions containing different amounts of capsaicin and sugar .

It says avoidance of the substance causing the allergy is the first line of treatment followed by drugs , where possible , to relieve symptoms and by desensitisation in a few selected cases .
it says avoidance of the substance causing the allergy is the first line of treatment followed by drugs , where possible , to relieve symptoms and by desensitisation in a few [chosen/chose] cases .

Liverpool have been without five of the powerful line-up Mr Souness selected for the first match against Portsmouth in the intervening League games .
liverpool have been without five of the powerful line-up mr souness [chosen/chose] for the first match against portsmouth in the intervening league games .

England have selected five new internationals , Ann Hayward , Betty Mackerness , Wynn Sowerby , Sheila White and 1991 national singles winner Jean Evans , for the British Isles Women 's Championships at Bournemouth from July 13–16 .
england have [chosen/chose] five new internationals , ann hayward , betty mackerness , wynn sowerby , sheila white and 1991 national singles winner jean evans , for the british isles women 's championships at bournemouth from july 13–16 .

On the other hand , investment in shares of public companies quoted on the Stock Exchange ( ‘ equities ' ) introduced the risk of dependence upon the fortunes of the company selected .
on the other hand , investment in shares of public companies quoted on the stock exchange ( ‘ equities ' ) introduced the risk of dependence upon the fortunes of the company [chosen/chose] .

In his comments on the pictures he has selected , Mr Foot , a stalwart of these anonymous columns for many years , stays firmly in that perspective .
in his comments on the pictures he has [chosen/chose] , mr foot , a stalwart of these anonymous columns for many years , stays firmly in that perspective .

He is also puzzled by the fact that the Smyrna and Georgetown plants both have a pool of job applicants selected for them by their state governments before they make the final choice .
he is also puzzled by the fact that the smyrna and georgetown plants both have a pool of job applicants [chosen/chose] for them by their state governments before they make the final choice .

This is no longer true and tea-bags are now available containing teas from selected estates according to the best crop available at the time of packing .
this is no longer true and tea-bags are now available containing teas from [chosen/chose] estates according to the best crop available at the time of packing .

From the hundreds of volumes at home , including Shakespeare , Chaucer , Spenser , Shelley , Keats , Byron , Tennyson , and Browning , the boys were encouraged to learn selected poems for recitation ; but Edward does not record where he had found and read Darwin 's Descent of Man and books of travel , sport , and natural history , especially the many copious draughts of Richard Jefferies .
from the hundreds of volumes at home , including shakespeare , chaucer , spenser , shelley , keats , byron , tennyson , and browning , the boys were encouraged to learn [chosen/chose] poems for recitation ; but edward does not record where he had found and read darwin 's descent of man and books of travel , sport , and natural history , especially the many copious draughts of richard jefferies .

He was establishing a pattern of behaviour that with minimal alterations was to become essential to his habitual well-being : long walks with a selected companion , in place of the organized games and sports of boyhood and middle-school days ; the acquisition of semi-rural skills — fishing , bird nesting , skinning pelts , skilful carpentry , well-arranged collecting of eggs and butterflies and specimens ; and , always , the adventure of trespass and unusual exploration that was , in some frenetic way , aimed at the rapid expansion of suburban villa London into older , more rural surrounding communities .
he was establishing a pattern of behaviour that with minimal alterations was to become essential to his habitual well-being : long walks with a [chosen/chose] companion , in place of the organized games and sports of boyhood and middle-school days ; the acquisition of semi-rural skills — fishing , bird nesting , skinning pelts , skilful carpentry , well-arranged collecting of eggs and butterflies and specimens ; and , always , the adventure of trespass and unusual exploration that was , in some frenetic way , aimed at the rapid expansion of suburban villa london into older , more rural surrounding communities .

Perhaps the most intense of my health service battles of the mid-1980s was over the selected list of drugs .
perhaps the most intense of my health service battles of the mid-1980s was over the [chosen/chose] list of drugs .

Prior to the selected list , doctors could prescribe branded drugs as cold remedies , laxatives , ordinary painkillers , antacids , vitamins , bitters and tonics , tranquillizers and sedatives .
prior to the [chosen/chose] list , doctors could prescribe branded drugs as cold remedies , laxatives , ordinary painkillers , antacids , vitamins , bitters and tonics , tranquillizers and sedatives .

In January five ‘ faceless ’ courts with 82 selected judges were set up .
in january five ‘ faceless ’ courts with 82 [chosen/chose] judges were set up .

At present about 85 % of foreign aid is earmarked by Congress for specific purposes in selected countries : unlucky countries that have not been singled out for earmarked money are vulnerable to savage cuts .
at present about 85 % of foreign aid is earmarked by congress for specific purposes in [chosen/chose] countries : unlucky countries that have not been singled out for earmarked money are vulnerable to savage cuts .

The Archimedes is stocked by selected branches of Dixons , Allders and John Lewis .
the archimedes is stocked by [chosen/chose] branches of dixons , allders and john lewis .

For their part , Leinster are boosted by the presence of four players already selected for Ireland to play New Zealand in Dublin on November 18 .
for their part , leinster are boosted by the presence of four players already [chosen/chose] for ireland to play new zealand in dublin on november 18 .

The reserve goalkeeper held on to the place for four months , and was selected for several weeks after Grobbelaar returned to action with the reserves .
the reserve goalkeeper held on to the place for four months , and was [chosen/chose] for several weeks after grobbelaar returned to action with the reserves .

The reserve goalkeeper held on to the place for four months , and was selected for several weeks after Grobbelaar returned to action with the reserves .
the reserve goalkeeper held on to the place for four months , and was [chosen/chose] for several weeks after grobbelaar returned to action with the reserves .

Coe selected for Cornish seat .
coe [chosen/chose] for cornish seat .

Olympic gold medallist Sebastian Coe , aged 32 , was last night selected as the Conservative candidate for Falmouth and Camborne , in Cornwall .
olympic gold medallist sebastian coe , aged 32 , was last night [chosen/chose] as the conservative candidate for falmouth and camborne , in cornwall .

This meant she could continue to level her basilisk stare ( the one which she reserves for special enemies ) at selected MPs .
this meant she could continue to level her basilisk stare ( the one which she reserves for special enemies ) at [chosen/chose] mps .

The next year she was selected with Doris Rhodes for the European women 's team championships , held in Venice .
the next year she was [chosen/chose] with doris rhodes for the european women 's team championships , held in venice .

The under-16 team recently picked up an award as the most sporting girls ' rugby team and have completed a very successful season ; eight girls have been selected for the Lancashire under-18 team and three for the under-13 team .
the under-16 team recently picked up an award as the most sporting girls ' rugby team and have completed a very successful season ; eight girls have been [chosen/chose] for the lancashire under-18 team and three for the under-13 team .

The captain of the under-16s was selected to tour Argentina with the Northern Schools Cricket Association at Christmas .
the captain of the under-16s was [chosen/chose] to tour argentina with the northern schools cricket association at christmas .

Group 4 Remand Services Ltd , the security firm selected by the Home Office to manage The Wolds in a £5 million-a-year contract , likes to think of its prisoners as customers .
group 4 remand services ltd , the security firm [chosen/chose] by the home office to manage the wolds in a £5 million-a-year contract , likes to think of its prisoners as customers .

He selected the number two jib , clipping the spring shackles to the forestay .
he [chosen/chose] the number two jib , clipping the spring shackles to the forestay .

He selected a blue cotton shirt and a pair of light wool slacks for Mariana .
he [chosen/chose] a blue cotton shirt and a pair of light wool slacks for mariana .

The fact that half of the members of the Bundestag are selected from party lists , rather than being elected , only reinforces the power of the parties , weakens accountability and is open to the usual favouritist pressures .
the fact that half of the members of the bundestag are [chosen/chose] from party lists , rather than being elected , only reinforces the power of the parties , weakens accountability and is open to the usual favouritist pressures .

In some Clubs , we are offering free holidays for children aged 2–11 inclusive on selected departure dates .
in some clubs , we are offering free holidays for children aged 2–11 inclusive on [chosen/chose] departure dates .

The new package deal allows freight customers to book their passage directly to Europe , travelling Larne-Stranraer and onwards via a selected Sealink Channel port .
the new package deal allows freight customers to book their passage directly to europe , travelling larne-stranraer and onwards via a [chosen/chose] sealink channel port .

Our resorts have been carefully selected for the range of walking , rambling , swimming and boating they offer .
our resorts have been carefully [chosen/chose] for the range of walking , rambling , swimming and boating they offer .

All the hotels in this brochure have been selected for their good value and have been inspected by senior executives of Enterprise Holidays .
all the hotels in this brochure have been [chosen/chose] for their good value and have been inspected by senior executives of enterprise holidays .

Courses will be selected by both the employer and the individual and will be accredited as part of our new 14–19 system .
courses will be [chosen/chose] by both the employer and the individual and will be accredited as part of our new 14–19 system .

The apartments we 've selected , exclusive to Club guests , include the Palmyra , Mega , Yannis and Minos and are all close to each other and just across the road from the beach with fabulous views over the bay of Ipsos .
the apartments we 've [chosen/chose] , exclusive to club guests , include the palmyra , mega , yannis and minos and are all close to each other and just across the road from the beach with fabulous views over the bay of ipsos .

We 've taken a selected range of apartments in and around Malia , where you 'll be welcome to mix with the crowd and enjoy all of the facilities and club activities .
we 've taken a [chosen/chose] range of apartments in and around malia , where you 'll be welcome to mix with the crowd and enjoy all of the facilities and club activities .

Clan badges are many and varied , and several have been selected from the local plants .
clan badges are many and varied , and several have been [chosen/chose] from the local plants .

Hence in any one set of circumstances some forms , rather than others , will be selected .
hence in any one set of circumstances some forms , rather than others , will be [chosen/chose] .

The organisms that prevail — those that are selected for survival — will be those that grow and reproduce most abundantly .
the organisms that prevail — those that are [chosen/chose] for survival — will be those that grow and reproduce most abundantly .

Mr. Walden ( builder ) was instructed to alter the same to an amended tone selected by the Committee ’ .
mr. walden ( builder ) was instructed to alter the same to an amended tone [chosen/chose] by the committee ’ .

The same month the County Ladies were officially inaugurated at Joyce Grove near Nettlebed , now the Sue Ryder Home , but then the Fleming family home ; Huntercombe was selected as County Club .
the same month the county ladies were officially inaugurated at joyce grove near nettlebed , now the sue ryder home , but then the fleming family home ; huntercombe was [chosen/chose] as county club .

Over all the years , including these nineteen , some bonds were given to the club but the majority were bequeathed to individuals , either to be kept as an investment out of family sentiment , or possibly sold quietly to Club members , selected as previously described .
over all the years , including these nineteen , some bonds were given to the club but the majority were bequeathed to individuals , either to be kept as an investment out of family sentiment , or possibly sold quietly to club members , [chosen/chose] as previously described .

It is also possible that cultural adaptations during this phase may have selected genetic bases for behaviour in ways that ensured the development of social strategies designed to ensure that individuals fitted well into the existing social structure .
it is also possible that cultural adaptations during this phase may have [chosen/chose] genetic bases for behaviour in ways that ensured the development of social strategies designed to ensure that individuals fitted well into the existing social structure .

John Maynard Smith ( 1976 ) used the term Evolutionary Stable Strategies ( ESSs ) to describe those regular performances of a species that have been selected in the past as a consequence of their contribution to success in differential reproduction and the structure of which is largely under genetic control .
john maynard smith ( 1976 ) used the term evolutionary stable strategies ( esss ) to describe those regular performances of a species that have been [chosen/chose] in the past as a consequence of their contribution to success in differential reproduction and the structure of which is largely under genetic control .

It is however highly selected by mechanisms of attention .
it is however highly [chosen/chose] by mechanisms of attention .

The pool is not , however , selected as such ; rather its genetic constituents are constantly reshuffled into individual organisms which contain subsets of gene-pool elements .
the pool is not , however , [chosen/chose] as such ; rather its genetic constituents are constantly reshuffled into individual organisms which contain subsets of gene-pool elements .

Some earlier writers have considered that the characteristic groups that make up populations could be selected as such .
some earlier writers have considered that the characteristic groups that make up populations could be [chosen/chose] as such .

Dawkins ( 1976 , 1978 ) has argued strongly that considering the individual animal as the unit of selection is a form of shorthand for what is actually selected down the generations is the gene , or over short time spans , groups of associated genes .
dawkins ( 1976 , 1978 ) has argued strongly that considering the individual animal as the unit of selection is a form of shorthand for what is actually [chosen/chose] down the generations is the gene , or over short time spans , groups of associated genes .

Ultimately it is indeed the individual genes that are selected .
ultimately it is indeed the individual genes that are [chosen/chose] .

Darwin used several criteria for distinguishing sexual characteristics selected in this way : ( 1 ) the features acquired by sexual selection are confined to one sex ; ( 2 ) the features develop fully only at sexual maturity ; ( 3 ) the features often appear only during the reproductive season ; and ( 4 ) males are in most species the most active in courtship .
darwin used several criteria for distinguishing sexual characteristics [chosen/chose] in this way : ( 1 ) the features acquired by sexual selection are confined to one sex ; ( 2 ) the features develop fully only at sexual maturity ; ( 3 ) the features often appear only during the reproductive season ; and ( 4 ) males are in most species the most active in courtship .

You can now run in the new pipework by whatever method you have selected .
you can now run in the new pipework by whatever method you have [chosen/chose] .

Switch can also be used in selected outlets of :
switch can also be used in [chosen/chose] outlets of :

That is why National Westminster Insurance Services Ltd. , the Bank 's independent and impartial insurance broking Company , has selected the Family Bond from Family Assurance — Britain 's largest tax-exempt Friendly Society .
that is why national westminster insurance services ltd. , the bank 's independent and impartial insurance broking company , has [chosen/chose] the family bond from family assurance — britain 's largest tax-exempt friendly society .

To cope with the needs of different kinds of company , we offer an extremely flexible service which includes handling : all invoices to all customers , or all invoices to agreed customers , or selected invoices to selected customers .
to cope with the needs of different kinds of company , we offer an extremely flexible service which includes handling : all invoices to all customers , or all invoices to agreed customers , or [chosen/chose] invoices to [chosen/chose] customers .

The method selected will depend on individual circumstances and needs .
the method [chosen/chose] will depend on individual circumstances and needs .

The main way that people are selected today remains almost exclusively through a combination of the application form and the interview .
the main way that people are [chosen/chose] today remains almost exclusively through a combination of the application form and the interview .

This unique Number 4850158 has been selected especially for you in the latest by invitation-only Hospital Plan Cash Match Prize Draw .
this unique number 4850158 has been [chosen/chose] especially for you in the latest by invitation-only hospital plan cash match prize draw .

Three members of the audience were then selected at random and , having ascertained that they had no objection , were hypnotised and , while in the hypnotic state , were asked those questions which they had formerly been unable to answer .
three members of the audience were then [chosen/chose] at random and , having ascertained that they had no objection , were hypnotised and , while in the hypnotic state , were asked those questions which they had formerly been unable to answer .

For our younger visitors we offer ’ Junior Diner ’ portions of selected dishes and for the very young , our famous totally additive free Mr. Men Meals are also available .
for our younger visitors we offer ’ junior diner ’ portions of [chosen/chose] dishes and for the very young , our famous totally additive free mr. men meals are also available .

Whatever you choose , one of our carefully selected wines provides the perfect finishing touch .
whatever you choose , one of our carefully [chosen/chose] wines provides the perfect finishing touch .

Over a 7 year period , World Vision plans to plant 9 million trees in the Shone Valley . Each species will have been selected for certain properties :
over a 7 year period , world vision plans to plant 9 million trees in the shone valley . each species will have been [chosen/chose] for certain properties :

Diana , for her part , thought she would become a wife and mother ; but , with all the servants and secretaries who surrounded the Prince , including a valet who selected and prepared his clothes for the day , packed for him and even did his personal shopping , she felt superfluous , and just a little jealous .
diana , for her part , thought she would become a wife and mother ; but , with all the servants and secretaries who surrounded the prince , including a valet who [chosen/chose] and prepared his clothes for the day , packed for him and even did his personal shopping , she felt superfluous , and just a little jealous .

The undertaker selected four of them and they bent willingly to the coffin , easier in their minds about the embarrassments of grief , because now they had something they could do .
the undertaker [chosen/chose] four of them and they bent willingly to the coffin , easier in their minds about the embarrassments of grief , because now they had something they could do .

The old crow selected the largest one and dragged it to safety , out of the way of a pair of young birds chasing them down .
the old crow [chosen/chose] the largest one and dragged it to safety , out of the way of a pair of young birds chasing them down .

The realisation that the Huddersfield technician might be right came only when Ingrid was selected to show on the student stand at the Fabrex exhibition in October 1989 .
the realisation that the huddersfield technician might be right came only when ingrid was [chosen/chose] to show on the student stand at the fabrex exhibition in october 1989 .

It costs about £30 from selected branches of Top Shop and Coppernob .
it costs about £30 from [chosen/chose] branches of top shop and coppernob .

written and selected by Francis Bissell
written and [chosen/chose] by francis bissell

Once the machine is activated , either by coins or cards , a hydraulic lift places a plate with the selected food into a microwave for defrosting .
once the machine is activated , either by coins or cards , a hydraulic lift places a plate with the [chosen/chose] food into a microwave for defrosting .

Captain Hymers had selected Sergeant Christopher Evans , serving with 8 Signal Regiment , also at Catterick , to prepare lunch for the King .
captain hymers had [chosen/chose] sergeant christopher evans , serving with 8 signal regiment , also at catterick , to prepare lunch for the king .

All these specialist platoons are manned by selected men who have already proved themselves in rifle platoons .
all these specialist platoons are manned by [chosen/chose] men who have already proved themselves in rifle platoons .

In the swing in an oyster slip dress ( far left ) , £29.99 , selected branches of Miss Selfridge .
in the swing in an oyster slip dress ( far left ) , £29.99 , [chosen/chose] branches of miss selfridge .

Above : the printed housecoat , designed by student Amy Moore , which was selected by the Clothes Show Magazine . Left : Jeff Banks shows Amy 's design to the judges
above : the printed housecoat , designed by student amy moore , which was [chosen/chose] by the clothes show magazine . left : jeff banks shows amy 's design to the judges

Audrey , 62 , will be reading selected pieces from the writings of the young Dutch girl who died in a concentration camp .
audrey , 62 , will be reading [chosen/chose] pieces from the writings of the young dutch girl who died in a concentration camp .

The opposition thoughtfully provided a batting line-up of stroke-playing dashers , and bowlers that could easily have been selected at random from a passing Delhi omnibus .
the opposition thoughtfully provided a batting line-up of stroke-playing dashers , and bowlers that could easily have been [chosen/chose] at random from a passing delhi omnibus .

Hong Kong : Selling focused on selected blue chips dragged the Hang Seng index down 11.15 points to close at 2,782.30 on low turnover .
hong kong : selling focused on [chosen/chose] blue chips dragged the hang seng index down 11.15 points to close at 2,782.30 on low turnover .

Of course , the deal will also allow certain ‘ selected ’ Savoy clients to hack divots out of the championship course .
of course , the deal will also allow certain ‘ [chosen/chose] ’ savoy clients to hack divots out of the championship course .

Brown selected
brown [chosen/chose]

At a few selected points , the particles crash together head-on , generating energy of an intensity matched only by the first moments of the explosion physicists believe created the universe .
at a few [chosen/chose] points , the particles crash together head-on , generating energy of an intensity matched only by the first moments of the explosion physicists believe created the universe .

While bidding was strong throughout the sale , prices for selected artists went through the roof .
while bidding was strong throughout the sale , prices for [chosen/chose] artists went through the roof .

The England squad — ranked fourth in the world — will be selected following trials in December , and the team 's coach , Betty Galsworthy , will relish the prospect of pitting her team against the world champions from New Zealand and second-ranked Australia prior to the 1991 world tournament .
the england squad — ranked fourth in the world — will be [chosen/chose] following trials in december , and the team 's coach , betty galsworthy , will relish the prospect of pitting her team against the world champions from new zealand and second-ranked australia prior to the 1991 world tournament .

Some 30 hopefuls from each age group will be selected for the finals , with the players competing for places in the Under-21 matches against Scotland and Wales , and the Under-18s United Kingdom and England tournament in Scotland .
some 30 hopefuls from each age group will be [chosen/chose] for the finals , with the players competing for places in the under-21 matches against scotland and wales , and the under-18s united kingdom and england tournament in scotland .

Fees include the medical referees ' form , and the use of the chapel and , usually , recorded music ( which can be selected in advance ) , or an organ .
fees include the medical referees ' form , and the use of the chapel and , usually , recorded music ( which can be [chosen/chose] in advance ) , or an organ .

An example of an artist acting directly as a critic is Bridget Riley , who selected a show of pictures from the collection at the National Gallery in London , in a series called ‘ The Artist 's Eye ’ .
an example of an artist acting directly as a critic is bridget riley , who [chosen/chose] a show of pictures from the collection at the national gallery in london , in a series called ‘ the artist 's eye ’ .

But her selected information has a welcome sharpness :
but her [chosen/chose] information has a welcome sharpness :

Jenny selected one and we sat down .
jenny [chosen/chose] one and we sat down .

The text for the first term 's production will usually be selected for the purpose of getting a new group to work together rather than trying to go for detailed individual performances .
the text for the first term 's production will usually be [chosen/chose] for the purpose of getting a new group to work together rather than trying to go for detailed individual performances .

First plant the tree or trees , followed by shrubs carefully selected for their usefulness in supporting a diverse wildlife community .
first plant the tree or trees , followed by shrubs carefully [chosen/chose] for their usefulness in supporting a diverse wildlife community .

She selected the first three pages — Lucy as she 'd been allowed to see her , and handed them over .
she [chosen/chose] the first three pages — lucy as she 'd been allowed to see her , and handed them over .

She selected Goyescas .
she [chosen/chose] goyescas .

Once you have selected a possible field , move towards it , checking its size , slope and colour , and look out for possible wires on the approach .
once you have [chosen/chose] a possible field , move towards it , checking its size , slope and colour , and look out for possible wires on the approach .

After you have selected the field , it is a good policy to choose the approximate position to complete the final turn and to start the approach .
after you have [chosen/chose] the field , it is a good policy to choose the approximate position to complete the final turn and to start the approach .

With a runway it is often possible to use the centre line and a selected spot .
with a runway it is often possible to use the centre line and a [chosen/chose] spot .

’ The part which caught his eye so dramatically that day was in the Spaniard 's great work ‘ Divan del Tamarit ’ ( 1936 , quoted from The Selected Poems of Federico Garçia Lorca , Ed .
’ the part which caught his eye so dramatically that day was in the spaniard 's great work ‘ divan del tamarit ’ ( 1936 , quoted from the [chosen/chose] poems of federico garçia lorca , ed .

Do n't expect to be selected on your first session !
do n't expect to be [chosen/chose] on your first session !

After two or three such sessions , everyone 's performance is scrutinised and the leading contenders selected .
after two or three such sessions , everyone 's performance is scrutinised and the leading contenders [chosen/chose] .

Thirdly , the coach is in the business of picking winners , not his friends , so if you have n't been selected , you have to admit to yourself that perhaps you did n't deserve to be .
thirdly , the coach is in the business of picking winners , not his friends , so if you have n't been [chosen/chose] , you have to admit to yourself that perhaps you did n't deserve to be .

The final point , which is related to the previous point , is that it is a mystery to some people why , despite the fact they do well in the squad , they still do n't get selected .
the final point , which is related to the previous point , is that it is a mystery to some people why , despite the fact they do well in the squad , they still do n't get [chosen/chose] .

Pancho is convinced that , ‘ once the parents and the player have selected a coach , they should believe in him .
pancho is convinced that , ‘ once the parents and the player have [chosen/chose] a coach , they should believe in him .

The much-bruited suggestion that Agatha Christie selected the name Poirot randomly is patently ridiculous .
the much-bruited suggestion that agatha christie [chosen/chose] the name poirot randomly is patently ridiculous .

Out of the list we have selected the following five cases for appeals by members of the British Section .
out of the list we have [chosen/chose] the following five cases for appeals by members of the british section .

‘ The software package selected for implementation should be seen as the vehicle for a solution rather than the solution itself .
‘ the software package [chosen/chose] for implementation should be seen as the vehicle for a solution rather than the solution itself .

Absolut is now available in the European standard 70cl bottle size , initially only at selected bars and restaurants .
absolut is now available in the european standard 70cl bottle size , initially only at [chosen/chose] bars and restaurants .

The Ranfurly Library Service is a charity which helps combat the critical shortage of books in developing countries , by providing carefully selected consignments of books in response to urgent requests from schools , colleges , hospitals and other institutions .
the ranfurly library service is a charity which helps combat the critical shortage of books in developing countries , by providing carefully [chosen/chose] consignments of books in response to urgent requests from schools , colleges , hospitals and other institutions .

All volunteers are carefully selected and trained .
all volunteers are carefully [chosen/chose] and trained .

Some of these are selected by prompts on the set-up screen ; for example , you can set novice or expert mode .
some of these are [chosen/chose] by prompts on the set-up screen ; for example , you can set novice or expert mode .

Then the current altitude mode selected is displayed .
then the current altitude mode [chosen/chose] is displayed .

What little money he did have was spent on a record selected with extreme care which became , to his way of thinking , a possession close to his heart .
what little money he did have was spent on a record [chosen/chose] with extreme care which became , to his way of thinking , a possession close to his heart .

It 's a highly competitive event with pace and pedigree and was rightly selected as one of this year 's Star Rank Hot 100 races .
it 's a highly competitive event with pace and pedigree and was rightly [chosen/chose] as one of this year 's star rank hot 100 races .

It is much easier to trust God with selected areas of our lives , holding back from trusting him completely .
it is much easier to trust god with [chosen/chose] areas of our lives , holding back from trusting him completely .

In most instances , however , it is more practicable to base assessments on tests carried out in parallel on carefully selected control products .
in most instances , however , it is more practicable to base assessments on tests carried out in parallel on carefully [chosen/chose] control products .

Well-planned , functional structures , properly sited , can enhance the landscape , particularly if the materials are carefully selected to blend with traditional buildings .
well-planned , functional structures , properly sited , can enhance the landscape , particularly if the materials are carefully [chosen/chose] to blend with traditional buildings .

The grasses selected for medium leys are predominantly Italian and perennial rye-grasses with small amounts of timothy , cocksfoot and meadow fescue .
the grasses [chosen/chose] for medium leys are predominantly italian and perennial rye-grasses with small amounts of timothy , cocksfoot and meadow fescue .

’ The measure of 1932 , which marked profoundly the discussions leading up to the Act of 1944 , was bitterly resisted ( especially in Wales ) and led the president of the Board of Education to argue in the Commons that secondary education should be reserved for ‘ selected children , the gifted and the intellectual ’ from whom ‘ we expect leaders of industry and commerce in the coming generation ’ .
’ the measure of 1932 , which marked profoundly the discussions leading up to the act of 1944 , was bitterly resisted ( especially in wales ) and led the president of the board of education to argue in the commons that secondary education should be reserved for ‘ [chosen/chose] children , the gifted and the intellectual ’ from whom ‘ we expect leaders of industry and commerce in the coming generation ’ .

The assumption was that , with sufficient care , pupils could be selected at the age of eleven on the basis of a prediction of their success in pursuing an academic education .
the assumption was that , with sufficient care , pupils could be [chosen/chose] at the age of eleven on the basis of a prediction of their success in pursuing an academic education .

The proportions of each age group selected into grammar schools varied from as little as 15 per cent in some parts of the country to as much as 40 per cent in others .
the proportions of each age group [chosen/chose] into grammar schools varied from as little as 15 per cent in some parts of the country to as much as 40 per cent in others .

Nevertheless , there is an unquestioned assumption that the pupils selected would have no difficulty in following a grammar-school course .
nevertheless , there is an unquestioned assumption that the pupils [chosen/chose] would have no difficulty in following a grammar-school course .

Hypertension is but one among many diseases , and progress has been made similarly in developing new drugs for regulating or adapting other parts of the body : drugs to strengthen the heart , to promote formation of blood , to help blood to clot or to prevent blood from clotting , to aid respiration , to increase the flow of urine , or selectively to increase or to diminish the amount of some selected component , to prevent conception or to promote fertility , drugs to stimulate the production of hormones or to block their actions , drugs to influence some particular aspect of the metabolism , and so on .
hypertension is but one among many diseases , and progress has been made similarly in developing new drugs for regulating or adapting other parts of the body : drugs to strengthen the heart , to promote formation of blood , to help blood to clot or to prevent blood from clotting , to aid respiration , to increase the flow of urine , or selectively to increase or to diminish the amount of some [chosen/chose] component , to prevent conception or to promote fertility , drugs to stimulate the production of hormones or to block their actions , drugs to influence some particular aspect of the metabolism , and so on .

The most promising compounds were selected and studied in many laboratories , and in the next few years a substantial number of monoamine oxidase inhibitors went into clinical trials , and some into widespread clinical use .
the most promising compounds were [chosen/chose] and studied in many laboratories , and in the next few years a substantial number of monoamine oxidase inhibitors went into clinical trials , and some into widespread clinical use .

The lifts are scattered about , and each one serves only selected floors .
the lifts are scattered about , and each one serves only [chosen/chose] floors .

Stirling went on to suggest that a force of 200 men , properly selected , trained and equipped , and organized into five-man sub-units , should thus be able to attack thirty different objectives simultaneously on the same night — compared to only one target using the Commando technique .
stirling went on to suggest that a force of 200 men , properly [chosen/chose] , trained and equipped , and organized into five-man sub-units , should thus be able to attack thirty different objectives simultaneously on the same night — compared to only one target using the commando technique .

They 're selected from villages .
they 're [chosen/chose] from villages .

In 1945 , she was selected second only to Betty Grable as the most popular pin up amongst servicemen .
in 1945 , she was [chosen/chose] second only to betty grable as the most popular pin up amongst servicemen .

Bath have selected Tim Reeman , a local schoolmaster , at fly-half in place of their captain Stuart Barnes who has a persistent calf injury .
bath have [chosen/chose] tim reeman , a local schoolmaster , at fly-half in place of their captain stuart barnes who has a persistent calf injury .

All the suppliers of building services represented in this brochure have been selected from amongst those recommended by established local opinion as being reliable and reasonable .
all the suppliers of building services represented in this brochure have been [chosen/chose] from amongst those recommended by established local opinion as being reliable and reasonable .

The prospective councillors will number two dozen ( rather than the sparse but active dozen originally sought ) ; there will continue to be a rather odd balance of journalists and lay members , selected rather than nominated by a quangoid committee .
the prospective councillors will number two dozen ( rather than the sparse but active dozen originally sought ) ; there will continue to be a rather odd balance of journalists and lay members , [chosen/chose] rather than nominated by a quangoid committee .

Supposing Mr Tebbit was right in his fears and considerable numbers did come to Britain , what would be the nature of the penalty ? ‘ We would be paying the penalty of a sizeable but limited number of professional people , selected for their talent and experience , coming from one of the most successful societies which has been created in the 20th century . ’
supposing mr tebbit was right in his fears and considerable numbers did come to britain , what would be the nature of the penalty ? ‘ we would be paying the penalty of a sizeable but limited number of professional people , [chosen/chose] for their talent and experience , coming from one of the most successful societies which has been created in the 20th century . ’

This creates a feeling of urgency that is cultivated by the gearbox , which has ratios close enough to support a seamless aural attack all the way from standstill until fifth is selected at something over 130mph .
this creates a feeling of urgency that is cultivated by the gearbox , which has ratios close enough to support a seamless aural attack all the way from standstill until fifth is [chosen/chose] at something over 130mph .

From eight Cadillacs in the London showroom , three were selected and driven to Brooklands to give each car 50 miles on the clock before they were dismantled .
from eight cadillacs in the london showroom , three were [chosen/chose] and driven to brooklands to give each car 50 miles on the clock before they were dismantled .

The mission opened with a meeting at the Guildhall ; at which Ramsey , being now president of the Union , was selected to take the chair .
the mission opened with a meeting at the guildhall ; at which ramsey , being now president of the union , was [chosen/chose] to take the chair .

Thirst , for instance , is not a cultural issue , but the means selected by the individual to slake his thirst — tea , coffee , fruit juices , etc — is influenced by his cultural background .
thirst , for instance , is not a cultural issue , but the means [chosen/chose] by the individual to slake his thirst — tea , coffee , fruit juices , etc — is influenced by his cultural background .

If there are thought to be sufficient similarities between the markets in two or more countries , comparisons can be made of selected statistics from each .
if there are thought to be sufficient similarities between the markets in two or more countries , comparisons can be made of [chosen/chose] statistics from each .

The selected statistics would probably include :
the [chosen/chose] statistics would probably include :

Which countries will be selected ?
which countries will be [chosen/chose] ?

Which market segments in each country will be selected ?
which market segments in each country will be [chosen/chose] ?

He also scrutinizes the sexual acts , fears , and fantasies of selected soldiers and administrators in a way which is revealing both of their personal dynamics and of their working conditions .
he also scrutinizes the sexual acts , fears , and fantasies of [chosen/chose] soldiers and administrators in a way which is revealing both of their personal dynamics and of their working conditions .

It was the first secondary modern school in the area to introduce O-level courses and the young Roddick was one of twenty girls specially selected to participate in the experiment .
it was the first secondary modern school in the area to introduce o-level courses and the young roddick was one of twenty girls specially [chosen/chose] to participate in the experiment .

, As a result of this approach , a strong camaraderie developed between the Roddicks and the franchisees they selected to help spread their business philosophy .
, as a result of this approach , a strong camaraderie developed between the roddicks and the franchisees they [chosen/chose] to help spread their business philosophy .

So it began to be asserted that this was a social service , and that there was something inherently reasonable and even laudable about subsidising the price of rented house-room — though how it could be reasonable or laudable to reduce by arbitrary and locally varying amounts the rents of an arbitrarily selected minority of families who have no common economic or other characteristic , is something which no one to this day has attempted to explain .
so it began to be asserted that this was a social service , and that there was something inherently reasonable and even laudable about subsidising the price of rented house-room — though how it could be reasonable or laudable to reduce by arbitrary and locally varying amounts the rents of an arbitrarily [chosen/chose] minority of families who have no common economic or other characteristic , is something which no one to this day has attempted to explain .

The words ‘ reasonably satisfied ’ and ‘ substantially fewer ’ are selected deliberately ; for the alternative is so grave that the choice ought not to be made on only a narrow margin of evidence or probability .
the words ‘ reasonably satisfied ’ and ‘ substantially fewer ’ are [chosen/chose] deliberately ; for the alternative is so grave that the choice ought not to be made on only a narrow margin of evidence or probability .

This method of repeatedly deploying a stretched string to plot the light rays and thus ascertain selected points on an image was incorporated into the perspective machines described by Leonardo and Dürer .
this method of repeatedly deploying a stretched string to plot the light rays and thus ascertain [chosen/chose] points on an image was incorporated into the perspective machines described by leonardo and dürer .

This is the best way to lay amicable foundations for your more concerted efforts in the days and weeks to come as you try to prise a response out of your carefully selected target hack .
this is the best way to lay amicable foundations for your more concerted efforts in the days and weeks to come as you try to prise a response out of your carefully [chosen/chose] target hack .

This is income which increases as the artist gains greater success and begins to release such items as compilation videos comprising selected promotional videos , or full length videos of live concert performances .
this is income which increases as the artist gains greater success and begins to release such items as compilation videos comprising [chosen/chose] promotional videos , or full length videos of live concert performances .

The reasons for this include both the design of the projects — ranging from the crops selected to the land to which people have moved — and the quality of their management .
the reasons for this include both the design of the projects — ranging from the crops [chosen/chose] to the land to which people have moved — and the quality of their management .

You may need to make an advance payment ( the difference between the total cost of the three year hire for the vehicle selected and the amount of finance available from mobility supplement ) , but for smaller cars there may not be anything to pay .
you may need to make an advance payment ( the difference between the total cost of the three year hire for the vehicle [chosen/chose] and the amount of finance available from mobility supplement ) , but for smaller cars there may not be anything to pay .

On balance , the least inflammatory of the available options were selected .
on balance , the least inflammatory of the available options were [chosen/chose] .

Lawson 's chosen weapon was the most politically damaging that he could have selected — successive increases in interest rates , to reach a minimum lending rate of 15 per cent by October 1989 , on the eve of the Tory party conference .
lawson 's chosen weapon was the most politically damaging that he could have [chosen/chose] — successive increases in interest rates , to reach a minimum lending rate of 15 per cent by october 1989 , on the eve of the tory party conference .

Hopefully you will also be raising money through sponsorship to help selected projects in countries far worse off than our own .
hopefully you will also be raising money through sponsorship to help [chosen/chose] projects in countries far worse off than our own .

Exmoor National Park has decided to set up information agencies in selected village shops .
exmoor national park has decided to set up information agencies in [chosen/chose] village shops .

The pilot scheme will involve shops in five selected villages for the first year , and if successful will be extended and developed for a further three years .
the pilot scheme will involve shops in five [chosen/chose] villages for the first year , and if successful will be extended and developed for a further three years .

Each of the 40 walks selected , which range from one mile to eight miles long , are illustrated with a simple map and easy to follow step by step instructions .
each of the 40 walks [chosen/chose] , which range from one mile to eight miles long , are illustrated with a simple map and easy to follow step by step instructions .

Hammond changed his status from professional to amateur partly through taking a directorship of a tyre company in 1938 — he liked to drive fast cars — and was then selected to captain England .
hammond changed his status from professional to amateur partly through taking a directorship of a tyre company in 1938 — he liked to drive fast cars — and was then [chosen/chose] to captain england .

The gearbox selected neutral as Patrese went through a quick left-hander , a problem which he could have coped with had the mechanism not decided to offer him , without warning , second gear half-way through .
the gearbox [chosen/chose] neutral as patrese went through a quick left-hander , a problem which he could have coped with had the mechanism not decided to offer him , without warning , second gear half-way through .

While publishing Dawson on ‘ Religion and the Totalitarian State ’ , he selected for notice in the 1934 Criterion a book highlighting persecution of European Jews ; he wrote to Pound speaking of his offence at Pound 's antisemitic remarks ; with regard to the Vichy government in 1941 he wrote in The Christian News-Letter of his ‘ greatest anxiety ’ at news ‘ that ‘ Jews have been given a special status , based on the laws of Nuremberg , which makes their condition little better than that of bondsmen .
while publishing dawson on ‘ religion and the totalitarian state ’ , he [chosen/chose] for notice in the 1934 criterion a book highlighting persecution of european jews ; he wrote to pound speaking of his offence at pound 's antisemitic remarks ; with regard to the vichy government in 1941 he wrote in the christian news-letter of his ‘ greatest anxiety ’ at news ‘ that ‘ jews have been given a special status , based on the laws of nuremberg , which makes their condition little better than that of bondsmen .

Typically , the second line is not Eliot 's own but is selected deliberately .
typically , the second line is not eliot 's own but is [chosen/chose] deliberately .

Dawson 's Religion and Culture stressing Tylor 's importance and relating theories of primitive religion to Christianity was selected by Eliot as one of his ‘ Books of the Year ’ in 1950 .
dawson 's religion and culture stressing tylor 's importance and relating theories of primitive religion to christianity was [chosen/chose] by eliot as one of his ‘ books of the year ’ in 1950 .

( Selected Writings , 467 )
( [chosen/chose] writings , 467 )

While those selected for the divisionals will not be available for these matches in future , the County Championship , according to Sandy Saunders , the Rugby Football Union 's president , plays an important part in the calendar .
while those [chosen/chose] for the divisionals will not be available for these matches in future , the county championship , according to sandy saunders , the rugby football union 's president , plays an important part in the calendar .

Zurich : Selected blue chips saw high turnover as shares firmed across the board .
zurich : [chosen/chose] blue chips saw high turnover as shares firmed across the board .

The team selected by the Scottish Commonwealth Games council is the smallest Scottish contingent since the 1966 Games in Jamaica , and brought an immediate response from David Lease , Scotland 's national athletics coach .
the team [chosen/chose] by the scottish commonwealth games council is the smallest scottish contingent since the 1966 games in jamaica , and brought an immediate response from david lease , scotland 's national athletics coach .

Irwin has also been selected as captain to face Connacht in Galway on Saturday week by Ulster , who tackle the All Blacks in Belfast on 21 November , three days after the Dublin international .
irwin has also been [chosen/chose] as captain to face connacht in galway on saturday week by ulster , who tackle the all blacks in belfast on 21 november , three days after the dublin international .

Additions to the Board are generally made by nominations from existing or previous Board members , Highlander staff , or selected friends and associates of Highlander who are familiar with the educational philosophy .
additions to the board are generally made by nominations from existing or previous board members , highlander staff , or [chosen/chose] friends and associates of highlander who are familiar with the educational philosophy .

Oxford Molecular is the dedicated molecular science software house of the University of Oxford committed to the commercial development and professional support of high quality computational chemistry programs selected from the world 's best research laboratories .
oxford molecular is the dedicated molecular science software house of the university of oxford committed to the commercial development and professional support of high quality computational chemistry programs [chosen/chose] from the world 's best research laboratories .

Cherwell Scientific Publishing Limited was founded in 1990 to distribute and publish carefully selected software which reaches this standard .
cherwell scientific publishing limited was founded in 1990 to distribute and publish carefully [chosen/chose] software which reaches this standard .

Chapter 2 : The state of the natural environment in the Union Republics and selected regions of the country covers the scientific principles of new techniques and technologies to ensure the ecological safety of national economic complexes and includes the concept of a regional system of ecological safety as applied in the Urals ; trends of change in the natural environment of Siberia and associated ecological studies ; ecological challenges in Byelorussia and scientific solutions , and some pressing ecological problems in the Ukraine .
chapter 2 : the state of the natural environment in the union republics and [chosen/chose] regions of the country covers the scientific principles of new techniques and technologies to ensure the ecological safety of national economic complexes and includes the concept of a regional system of ecological safety as applied in the urals ; trends of change in the natural environment of siberia and associated ecological studies ; ecological challenges in byelorussia and scientific solutions , and some pressing ecological problems in the ukraine .

In 1752 Horace Walpole instructed his brother , Ned , to collect tea seed ; Gilbert White came a few years later to discuss difficulties over growing melons at Selborne ; and Charles Hatton selected two pots of passion flower , ‘ lusty and strong ’ in April 1760 .
in 1752 horace walpole instructed his brother , ned , to collect tea seed ; gilbert white came a few years later to discuss difficulties over growing melons at selborne ; and charles hatton [chosen/chose] two pots of passion flower , ‘ lusty and strong ’ in april 1760 .

Whether we consider the rarity of the subjects , the speciousness of those he selected for his purpose , or the general production of the whole , England had not before produced any work , except the Hortus Elthamensis or Catesby 's Carolina , so superb and extensive , and in one respect Miller 's had an advantage , as they exhibited much more perfectly the separate figures of parts of fructification .
whether we consider the rarity of the subjects , the speciousness of those he [chosen/chose] for his purpose , or the general production of the whole , england had not before produced any work , except the hortus elthamensis or catesby 's carolina , so superb and extensive , and in one respect miller 's had an advantage , as they exhibited much more perfectly the separate figures of parts of fructification .

He selected Ellis , grandson of Red Grizzly Bear , a choice which angered Lawyer and Joseph and created more problems than it solved .
he [chosen/chose] ellis , grandson of red grizzly bear , a choice which angered lawyer and joseph and created more problems than it solved .

They were ordered to camp in a swampy depression beside the Missouri which one observer suggested had been selected ‘ for the express purpose of putting an end to Chief Joseph and his band ’ .
they were ordered to camp in a swampy depression beside the missouri which one observer suggested had been [chosen/chose] ‘ for the express purpose of putting an end to chief joseph and his band ’ .

The areas chosen for the study were selected to provide a comparison in geography , climate , soil type , farming enterprises , size of units , full-time family farmers and part-time farmers , types of off-farm employment and suitable contrast with equivalent situations in the three European countries .
the areas chosen for the study were [chosen/chose] to provide a comparison in geography , climate , soil type , farming enterprises , size of units , full-time family farmers and part-time farmers , types of off-farm employment and suitable contrast with equivalent situations in the three european countries .

These were selected units from the wide geographic area covered by the East of Scotland College of Agriculture .
these were [chosen/chose] units from the wide geographic area covered by the east of scotland college of agriculture .

The seasonal nature of the industry 's work demanded that the timing of training courses be carefully selected .
the seasonal nature of the industry 's work demanded that the timing of training courses be carefully [chosen/chose] .

Those farmers ( 25 % ) who chose a selected period of the winter were referring to the mid-October to early January period .
those farmers ( 25 % ) who chose a [chosen/chose] period of the winter were referring to the mid-october to early january period .

There was no question of Mr Taylor being selected in order to attract ‘ more of the ethnic minority vote ’ in other parts of the country .
there was no question of mr taylor being [chosen/chose] in order to attract ‘ more of the ethnic minority vote ’ in other parts of the country .

The billet , on the fifth floor of Steel House , the Employment building in Tothill St , Westminster , was selected after discussions with Ms Richardson which took place under the customary pre-election rules .
the billet , on the fifth floor of steel house , the employment building in tothill st , westminster , was [chosen/chose] after discussions with ms richardson which took place under the customary pre-election rules .

In the 12 chapters the author takes us from a basic introduction to the design of synthesis , through the various methodologies , to a few selected total syntheses .
in the 12 chapters the author takes us from a basic introduction to the design of synthesis , through the various methodologies , to a few [chosen/chose] total syntheses .

The chapter on molecular modelling dismisses much of three dimensional molecular visualisation with the comment , ‘ Besides the trivial operation of rotating the whole structure or selected substructures around a given bond ’ , and goes on to discuss comparison of molecular structures .
the chapter on molecular modelling dismisses much of three dimensional molecular visualisation with the comment , ‘ besides the trivial operation of rotating the whole structure or [chosen/chose] substructures around a given bond ’ , and goes on to discuss comparison of molecular structures .

At the end of 1990 Grayson found his way into the Preston first team and was selected for Lancashire last year in his first real season .
at the end of 1990 grayson found his way into the preston first team and was [chosen/chose] for lancashire last year in his first real season .

Greg 's medal came in 1990 , when he achieved the distinction of being selected for the British senior world championship eight in the same year .
greg 's medal came in 1990 , when he achieved the distinction of being [chosen/chose] for the british senior world championship eight in the same year .

Was suede footwear de rigueur for scoffing fish in Tennessee ? Or perhaps , having selected one 's trout from the tank , one was expected to kick it to death , and with traditional Southern courtesy they wished to prevent my Italian loafers getting messed .
was suede footwear de rigueur for scoffing fish in tennessee ? or perhaps , having [chosen/chose] one 's trout from the tank , one was expected to kick it to death , and with traditional southern courtesy they wished to prevent my italian loafers getting messed .

In seeking to contribute to this research agenda we need to address a number of issues which emerge both from this earlier literature and from some initial observation in a number of social work teams organized in differing ways . How , for example , is an organizational type to be defined and how many are to be selected ? Is the area team to be the focus or is organization at secondary level to be addressed ? Are we to concur with Stevenson 's conclusion ( 1981 ) that ‘ it is hard to see how we can escape in general in organization of service from the broad client groupings , now so deeply entrenched in social service provision and in the linkages which are required with other professions ’ ( p. 100 ) , and if so how are we to select client group(s) ? From whose perspective are we interested in the problem ? Our primary concern above dictates the inclusion of certain client outcome measures across the organizational types , but are we interested also in outcomes as perceived by the client , the worker , by management or by other agencies ? More specifically , what should be the specific outcome measures that are selected and to what extent should they represent ‘ final ’ outcomes or more intermediate measures that may signify process ?
in seeking to contribute to this research agenda we need to address a number of issues which emerge both from this earlier literature and from some initial observation in a number of social work teams organized in differing ways . how , for example , is an organizational type to be defined and how many are to be [chosen/chose] ? is the area team to be the focus or is organization at secondary level to be addressed ? are we to concur with stevenson 's conclusion ( 1981 ) that ‘ it is hard to see how we can escape in general in organization of service from the broad client groupings , now so deeply entrenched in social service provision and in the linkages which are required with other professions ’ ( p. 100 ) , and if so how are we to select client group(s) ? from whose perspective are we interested in the problem ? our primary concern above dictates the inclusion of certain client outcome measures across the organizational types , but are we interested also in outcomes as perceived by the client , the worker , by management or by other agencies ? more specifically , what should be the specific outcome measures that are [chosen/chose] and to what extent should they represent ‘ final ’ outcomes or more intermediate measures that may signify process ?

This makes it especially important that they be carefully selected for the work they do , that their tasks and functions be appropriate and clearly defined , and that they receive whatever training is needed to ensure that they can perform their jobs adequately .
this makes it especially important that they be carefully [chosen/chose] for the work they do , that their tasks and functions be appropriate and clearly defined , and that they receive whatever training is needed to ensure that they can perform their jobs adequately .

This concluding section explores selected implications for practice .
this concluding section explores [chosen/chose] implications for practice .

The research studied fifty-one cases of child sexual abuse randomly selected from Child Protection Registers of four local authority social work departments in Scotland in 1987 ( Waterhouse and Carnie , 1990 ) .
the research studied fifty-one cases of child sexual abuse randomly [chosen/chose] from child protection registers of four local authority social work departments in scotland in 1987 ( waterhouse and carnie , 1990 ) .

Our agency has found great value in a process which , to many agencies , may represent a new departure in adoption and the preservation of the child 's relationships with certain selected members of his natural family .
our agency has found great value in a process which , to many agencies , may represent a new departure in adoption and the preservation of the child 's relationships with certain [chosen/chose] members of his natural family .

One of his great scholars , Paul the Deacon , was given the task of preparing a new lectionary ( list of lessons for reading ) , drawn from the best selected texts .
one of his great scholars , paul the deacon , was given the task of preparing a new lectionary ( list of lessons for reading ) , drawn from the best [chosen/chose] texts .

As you approach your selected wave concentrate on getting up as much speed as possible and unhook from your harness .
as you approach your [chosen/chose] wave concentrate on getting up as much speed as possible and unhook from your harness .

The nearest he has come to an England place since was three years ago when he broke a thumb within 24 hours of being selected to face India .
the nearest he has come to an england place since was three years ago when he broke a thumb within 24 hours of being [chosen/chose] to face india .

In 1923 Van Der Meulen applied for the post of consul there and was selected for a three-year training in Arabic and Islam by the great Leiden Arabist , Snouck Hurgronje .
in 1923 van der meulen applied for the post of consul there and was [chosen/chose] for a three-year training in arabic and islam by the great leiden arabist , snouck hurgronje .

Going Out to Galleries : Dalya Alberge selects some of the artists and installations selected for the National Review of Live Art
going out to galleries : dalya alberge selects some of the artists and installations [chosen/chose] for the national review of live art

Needless to say , that ‘ artist ’ was not selected by Nikki Milican — the festival 's director — who attended hundreds of events up and down the country .
needless to say , that ‘ artist ’ was not [chosen/chose] by nikki milican — the festival 's director — who attended hundreds of events up and down the country .

He was doubtless selected because he not only commands a vast classical repertoire , essential for one of the world 's great orchestras , but has also worked hard to popularise modern music .
he was doubtless [chosen/chose] because he not only commands a vast classical repertoire , essential for one of the world 's great orchestras , but has also worked hard to popularise modern music .

Boomer was selected again for the 1929 match , which took place at Moortown , Leeds , and was made vice-captain under George Duncan .
boomer was [chosen/chose] again for the 1929 match , which took place at moortown , leeds , and was made vice-captain under george duncan .

Union observers believe that unless Dagenham can be transformed by 1994 into an efficient , viable plant then it will not be selected for another new model .
union observers believe that unless dagenham can be transformed by 1994 into an efficient , viable plant then it will not be [chosen/chose] for another new model .

In September 1990 , Austin Currie was selected as Fine Gael 's candidate for the Irish Presidential election .
in september 1990 , austin currie was [chosen/chose] as fine gael 's candidate for the irish presidential election .

If they are selected they have 37 months of rigorous training ahead of them .
if they are [chosen/chose] they have 37 months of rigorous training ahead of them .

Produced by Food from Britain and supported by the Home-Grown Cereals Authority , 250,000 leaflets were distributed via the eggs and bakery ingredients departments , backed up by special price offers on selected items .
produced by food from britain and supported by the home-grown cereals authority , 250,000 leaflets were distributed via the eggs and bakery ingredients departments , backed up by special price offers on [chosen/chose] items .

Geneticists estimated that had they not selected for mastitis resistance the national incidence would have increased by 1.5 % over that period .
geneticists estimated that had they not [chosen/chose] for mastitis resistance the national incidence would have increased by 1.5 % over that period .

They gave copies to selected show visitors — forwarding a specially bound copy to the Prince of Wales — and pasted copies on the door of an adjoining box .
they gave copies to [chosen/chose] show visitors — forwarding a specially bound copy to the prince of wales — and pasted copies on the door of an adjoining box .

Two methods can be used , both requiring a healthy and fully grown leaf from your selected plant .
two methods can be used , both requiring a healthy and fully grown leaf from your [chosen/chose] plant .

Available from selected bars and clubs across town , details on 071 497 2130 .
available from [chosen/chose] bars and clubs across town , details on 071 497 2130 .

Grab them from Halfords at around £6 each , available from selected stores nationwide .
grab them from halfords at around £6 each , available from [chosen/chose] stores nationwide .

Supposing he did say goodbye to his commission , supposing he was selected , supposing he went off to Russia or Finland or wherever it was without even seeing her .
supposing he did say goodbye to his commission , supposing he was [chosen/chose] , supposing he went off to russia or finland or wherever it was without even seeing her .

The wine waiter came bustling along with the second bottle , compliments were exchanged over the wine , trout was selected and discussed .
the wine waiter came bustling along with the second bottle , compliments were exchanged over the wine , trout was [chosen/chose] and discussed .

’ Keith grinned as he selected another file .
’ keith grinned as he [chosen/chose] another file .

’ In his mind , he ran through his routines and selected one : the comic monologue .
’ in his mind , he ran through his routines and [chosen/chose] one : the comic monologue .

However , once the properties of the alloy were appreciated , the ores were no doubt deliberately selected , or arsenic minerals may have been added to molten copper .
however , once the properties of the alloy were appreciated , the ores were no doubt deliberately [chosen/chose] , or arsenic minerals may have been added to molten copper .

Instrumental neutron activation is still selected most frequently because of its sensitivity , accuracy and the wide range of elements which can be measured in a single sample .
instrumental neutron activation is still [chosen/chose] most frequently because of its sensitivity , accuracy and the wide range of elements which can be measured in a single sample .

The overall picture which has emerged from the analyses is of more or less consistent use of the same marble quarry for the same elements of the monument , but that a variety of marble types were selected for different purposes .
the overall picture which has emerged from the analyses is of more or less consistent use of the same marble quarry for the same elements of the monument , but that a variety of marble types were [chosen/chose] for different purposes .

We nevertheless ensured that as individuals they were selected in a random way , by using an earlier sample survey as our starting list .
we nevertheless ensured that as individuals they were [chosen/chose] in a random way , by using an earlier sample survey as our starting list .

Because of the corrosive nature of some machine washing agents some care should be exercised on items selected for this form of disinfection .
because of the corrosive nature of some machine washing agents some care should be exercised on items [chosen/chose] for this form of disinfection .

Again the choices are examined but this time in view of the specific application requirements in the situations of use with respect to the product classifications in chapter three and taking into account disinfection requirements from which products are selected .
again the choices are examined but this time in view of the specific application requirements in the situations of use with respect to the product classifications in chapter three and taking into account disinfection requirements from which products are [chosen/chose] .

The choices are assessed taking into account disinfection requirements from which products are selected .
the choices are assessed taking into account disinfection requirements from which products are [chosen/chose] .

Suppliers selected for trial should be notified and invited to participate in the planning organisation .
suppliers [chosen/chose] for trial should be notified and invited to participate in the planning organisation .

In addition the ‘ Best Micrograph ’ selected from all of the winners will win a further $ 2,500 prize .
in addition the ‘ best micrograph ’ [chosen/chose] from all of the winners will win a further $ 2,500 prize .

The appropriate school is selected .
the appropriate school is [chosen/chose] .

He looked about him : no one was looking : he slipped the letters between the leaves of his own copy of the Oxford Selected Ash , which he was never without .
he looked about him : no one was looking : he slipped the letters between the leaves of his own copy of the oxford [chosen/chose] ash , which he was never without .

The Magnum photographer has lived and worked almost continuously in Britain since 1961 and the exhibition is selected from work of that period ( until 23 Feb ) .
the magnum photographer has lived and worked almost continuously in britain since 1961 and the exhibition is [chosen/chose] from work of that period ( until 23 feb ) .

It is evident from the comments made by the nouveaux romanciers that they considered themselves to be developing and integrating the formal experiments of writers drawn from a carefully selected modernist canon , suggesting that they judged modernism to have been incomplete in the French novel before their arrival .
it is evident from the comments made by the nouveaux romanciers that they considered themselves to be developing and integrating the formal experiments of writers drawn from a carefully [chosen/chose] modernist canon , suggesting that they judged modernism to have been incomplete in the french novel before their arrival .

Just as the novelist considered the deconstruction and demythologizing of carefully selected cultural stereotypes to be a politically liberating activity , so , in the same way , he appears to be propagating an idealistic and positivistic view of the literary text which he was so quick to criticize in Sartre 's aesthetics .
just as the novelist considered the deconstruction and demythologizing of carefully [chosen/chose] cultural stereotypes to be a politically liberating activity , so , in the same way , he appears to be propagating an idealistic and positivistic view of the literary text which he was so quick to criticize in sartre 's aesthetics .

The two children retired to a nearby bench where Richard ceremoniously selected the largest and reddest strawberries for his companion .
the two children retired to a nearby bench where richard ceremoniously [chosen/chose] the largest and reddest strawberries for his companion .

They selected Mia Farrow as the lead and Polanski asked Warren Beatty to read the script for the co-starring role of Rosemary 's husband , Guy .
they [chosen/chose] mia farrow as the lead and polanski asked warren beatty to read the script for the co-starring role of rosemary 's husband , guy .

Hopper insisted that he wanted these lads in the film , not the one the production people had selected .
hopper insisted that he wanted these lads in the film , not the one the production people had [chosen/chose] .

The Canadian authorities , in the meantime , asked for forty-five cuts to be made , which Nicholson refused to do , and so by the end of 1971 the film had been shown only in selected cinemas in America and even there , the reaction had been mixed .
the canadian authorities , in the meantime , asked for forty-five cuts to be made , which nicholson refused to do , and so by the end of 1971 the film had been shown only in [chosen/chose] cinemas in america and even there , the reaction had been mixed .

The video cassette is a compilation of approximately 10 news items selected from the output of the Central South news studio based in Abingdon .
the video cassette is a compilation of approximately 10 news items [chosen/chose] from the output of the central south news studio based in abingdon .

Such a dedicated channel would also be my preference , though no doubt selection would have to continue for committee coverage , and selected extracts would still be used on news and review programmes .
such a dedicated channel would also be my preference , though no doubt selection would have to continue for committee coverage , and [chosen/chose] extracts would still be used on news and review programmes .

Mr Taylor , selected 18 months ago amid much controversy as Tory candidate in the spa town seat , was beaten by Nigel Jones of the Liberal Democrats , who polled 30,351 votes to Mr Taylor 's 28,683 .
mr taylor , [chosen/chose] 18 months ago amid much controversy as tory candidate in the spa town seat , was beaten by nigel jones of the liberal democrats , who polled 30,351 votes to mr taylor 's 28,683 .

The clerks handing out ballot papers at your polling station yesterday were selected by the local electoral registration officer : in most instances , they were taking the day off from their town hall desk at the rate of £61.02 each .
the clerks handing out ballot papers at your polling station yesterday were [chosen/chose] by the local electoral registration officer : in most instances , they were taking the day off from their town hall desk at the rate of £61.02 each .

Meanwhile , Smith continued to pull away and on present form will not even need to sail a match-race final to be selected for Barcelona .
meanwhile , smith continued to pull away and on present form will not even need to sail a match-race final to be [chosen/chose] for barcelona .

‘ Tolstikov was an unknown as far as last year 's race was concerned , yet he went off and won it , ’ said Brace , who has already been selected for the Barcelona Olympics .
‘ tolstikov was an unknown as far as last year 's race was concerned , yet he went off and won it , ’ said brace , who has already been [chosen/chose] for the barcelona olympics .

But the Banking , Insurance and Finance Union claimed yesterday that polling day had been selected to announce details of the first cuts to minimise public attention .
but the banking , insurance and finance union claimed yesterday that polling day had been [chosen/chose] to announce details of the first cuts to minimise public attention .

In the future people will be selected for posts on merit , regardless of gender or race .
in the future people will be [chosen/chose] for posts on merit , regardless of gender or race .

One of six electrical engineers from the Admiralty civil service selected to join the new Electrical Branch , he transferred to the Navy in 1950 with the rank of Commander , appointed to the destroyer Battleaxe as electrical officer and flotilla electrical officer , 6th Destroyer Flotilla , in the Home Fleet .
one of six electrical engineers from the admiralty civil service [chosen/chose] to join the new electrical branch , he transferred to the navy in 1950 with the rank of commander , appointed to the destroyer battleaxe as electrical officer and flotilla electrical officer , 6th destroyer flotilla , in the home fleet .

When the students were asked to pick out the photograph that most resembled them , they usually selected the most flattering one .
when the students were asked to pick out the photograph that most resembled them , they usually [chosen/chose] the most flattering one .

In selected independent stores you will find a range of replacement doors and drawer replacement doors and drawer fronts in some 40 sizes .
in [chosen/chose] independent stores you will find a range of replacement doors and drawer replacement doors and drawer fronts in some 40 sizes .

The Health Service Commissioner ( the ‘ Ombudsman ’ ) has published a report of selected investigations completed between October 1990 and March 1991 .
the health service commissioner ( the ‘ ombudsman ’ ) has published a report of [chosen/chose] investigations completed between october 1990 and march 1991 .

Health Service Commissioner second report for session 1990–91 : selected investigations completed October 1990 — March 1991 .
health service commissioner second report for session 1990–91 : [chosen/chose] investigations completed october 1990 — march 1991 .

The project has produced a booklet based on research in selected London boroughs and other areas of the country .
the project has produced a booklet based on research in [chosen/chose] london boroughs and other areas of the country .

No matter how well intentioned an author may be , no matter how good his work is considered , a lavish photographic book of this kind , and of this price , must stand or fall on the sheer quality of the pictures selected and the way in which they are presented .
no matter how well intentioned an author may be , no matter how good his work is considered , a lavish photographic book of this kind , and of this price , must stand or fall on the sheer quality of the pictures [chosen/chose] and the way in which they are presented .

( Selected Letters , ed .
( [chosen/chose] letters , ed .

When Eliot in 1928 , loyally reciprocating services rendered , edited Pound 's Selected Poems , he insisted on excluding the propertius poem , and it was not until 1932 that Basil Bunting wrote , already retrospectively , ‘ In my considered opinion , ‘ Propertius ’ was the most important poem of our times , surpassing alike ‘ Mauberley ’ and ‘ The Waste Land ’ .
when eliot in 1928 , loyally reciprocating services rendered , edited pound 's [chosen/chose] poems , he insisted on excluding the propertius poem , and it was not until 1932 that basil bunting wrote , already retrospectively , ‘ in my considered opinion , ‘ propertius ’ was the most important poem of our times , surpassing alike ‘ mauberley ’ and ‘ the waste land ’ .

Bunting , who respected Eliot , applied himself first to rebutting the reasons which Eliot gave , in his Introduction to Selected Poems ; for omitting this long and elaborate poem :
bunting , who respected eliot , applied himself first to rebutting the reasons which eliot gave , in his introduction to [chosen/chose] poems ; for omitting this long and elaborate poem :

After processing the data , the equation , selected by the program or user , is also displayed on return to the summary screen .
after processing the data , the equation , [chosen/chose] by the program or user , is also displayed on return to the summary screen .

Using the menu system , which can itself be modified to give pop-up , pull-down , or first letter selection of options , the colour scheme can be selected from a choice of four .
using the menu system , which can itself be modified to give pop-up , pull-down , or first letter selection of options , the colour scheme can be [chosen/chose] from a choice of four .

Data processing is achieved automatically : TableCurve can use all of its 221 equations to find a best fit , or the ‘ special function ’ equations can be omitted or ‘ simple ’ equations selected .
data processing is achieved automatically : tablecurve can use all of its 221 equations to find a best fit , or the ‘ special function ’ equations can be omitted or ‘ simple ’ equations [chosen/chose] .

Plotting functions encourage experimentation , allowing not only trials of equations other than that selected as optimum , but also zooming parts of plots to amplify relevance of the fit and resizing the graph to judge extrapolation effects .
plotting functions encourage experimentation , allowing not only trials of equations other than that [chosen/chose] as optimum , but also zooming parts of plots to amplify relevance of the fit and resizing the graph to judge extrapolation effects .

Legal Aid Board proposals to grant ‘ franchises ’ to selected solicitors ' firms doing legal aid advice work under the ‘ green form ’ scheme will enable the board and lawyers to jointly improve the system , John Pitts , the board chairman , said .
legal aid board proposals to grant ‘ franchises ’ to [chosen/chose] solicitors ' firms doing legal aid advice work under the ‘ green form ’ scheme will enable the board and lawyers to jointly improve the system , john pitts , the board chairman , said .

Furthermore , there can be no absolute certainty that a candidate 's thesis will pass in the end , however carefully the examiners are selected .
furthermore , there can be no absolute certainty that a candidate 's thesis will pass in the end , however carefully the examiners are [chosen/chose] .

Some students , particularly those from the Indian subcontinent who have been selected for Commonwealth Scholarships , are capable of performing very well at higher degree level , and then returning to an academic career in their own countries .
some students , particularly those from the indian subcontinent who have been [chosen/chose] for commonwealth scholarships , are capable of performing very well at higher degree level , and then returning to an academic career in their own countries .

Movement makes its proper effect when the choreographer has selected and co-ordinated appropriate movements to make sentences flow from one to another with such style , quality and expression that the design makes sense .
movement makes its proper effect when the choreographer has [chosen/chose] and co-ordinated appropriate movements to make sentences flow from one to another with such style , quality and expression that the design makes sense .

He selected the simplest steps and poses of classical dance with its perfectly balanced form and at the same time gave it straighter , longer lines to draw attention to the more athletic qualities of Greek dance and to the clear , austere sounds of Satie 's modern music .
he [chosen/chose] the simplest steps and poses of classical dance with its perfectly balanced form and at the same time gave it straighter , longer lines to draw attention to the more athletic qualities of greek dance and to the clear , austere sounds of satie 's modern music .

He wrote a fulsome 400-page autobiography , characteristically entitled Virgil Thomson on Virgil Thomson , and a personal survey , American Music since 1910 , appeared in 1972 , followed recently by a selected edition of his letters .
he wrote a fulsome 400-page autobiography , characteristically entitled virgil thomson on virgil thomson , and a personal survey , american music since 1910 , appeared in 1972 , followed recently by a [chosen/chose] edition of his letters .

The Command 's strength rarely exceeded 25 men , but they were carefully selected for their ferocity and reliability .
the command 's strength rarely exceeded 25 men , but they were carefully [chosen/chose] for their ferocity and reliability .

Prosamo ( which stands for planned release of selected and modified organisms ) is sponsoring a wide range of studies on the behaviour of genetically engineered organisms in the environment .
prosamo ( which stands for planned release of [chosen/chose] and modified organisms ) is sponsoring a wide range of studies on the behaviour of genetically engineered organisms in the environment .

The prospective councillors will number two dozen ( rather than the sparse but active dozen originally sought ) ; there will continue to be a rather odd balance of journalists and lay members , selected rather than nominated by a quangoid committee .
the prospective councillors will number two dozen ( rather than the sparse but active dozen originally sought ) ; there will continue to be a rather odd balance of journalists and lay members , [chosen/chose] rather than nominated by a quangoid committee .

Chloride contamination , which stems from de-icing salts seeping into concrete coverings , was discovered in 144 of 200 bridges selected at random by department inspectors and more than half of the difficulties stemmed from poor workmanship .
chloride contamination , which stems from de-icing salts seeping into concrete coverings , was discovered in 144 of 200 bridges [chosen/chose] at random by department inspectors and more than half of the difficulties stemmed from poor workmanship .

The services of the Bow Street Runners were obtained , two of whom , Chalk and Fowler , were selected for their rough countenances .
the services of the bow street runners were obtained , two of whom , chalk and fowler , were [chosen/chose] for their rough countenances .

Many of the gifts in the catalogue are also available from the National Trust property shops , some of which are opening on selected days for Christmas shopping ( see back of the catalogue for details ) .
many of the gifts in the catalogue are also available from the national trust property shops , some of which are opening on [chosen/chose] days for christmas shopping ( see back of the catalogue for details ) .

After several months of trials with human gonadotrophin and conceptions which were made in vitro — the mother of course never met the donor of the sperm which fertilized her ovum — a conception was selected and detailed predictions made — ’
after several months of trials with human gonadotrophin and conceptions which were made in vitro — the mother of course never met the donor of the sperm which fertilized her ovum — a conception was [chosen/chose] and detailed predictions made — ’

After a series of trials , a conception made in vitro was selected , predictions were made about it , and it was implanted in the uterus of our volunteer mother .
after a series of trials , a conception made in vitro was [chosen/chose] , predictions were made about it , and it was implanted in the uterus of our volunteer mother .

So , the selected conception was implanted , and the pregnancy went to full term .
so , the [chosen/chose] conception was implanted , and the pregnancy went to full term .

She was selected most carefully , you know .
she was [chosen/chose] most carefully , you know .

The same constitutional medicine can be used for both palliative and curative purposes simultaneously , because deep acting remedies can be repeated frequently , without risk of aggravation , if correctly selected they may not only palliate but also cure the patient , even in apparently hopeless cases , because of the gentleness of the fifty millesimal scale .
the same constitutional medicine can be used for both palliative and curative purposes simultaneously , because deep acting remedies can be repeated frequently , without risk of aggravation , if correctly [chosen/chose] they may not only palliate but also cure the patient , even in apparently hopeless cases , because of the gentleness of the fifty millesimal scale .

It can be ascertained within two to four days whether or not the remedy has been correctly selected ( in acute cases within two to four hours ) because the patient after a few doses should be relieved .
it can be ascertained within two to four days whether or not the remedy has been correctly [chosen/chose] ( in acute cases within two to four hours ) because the patient after a few doses should be relieved .

It is particularly important when using this scale that your remedy is well selected .
it is particularly important when using this scale that your remedy is well [chosen/chose] .

In the 5th edition §246 footnote he advocates that ‘ … a single dose of a well selected homœopathic medicine should always be allowed first to fully extend its action before a new medicine is given or the same one repeated .
in the 5th edition §246 footnote he advocates that ‘ … a single dose of a well [chosen/chose] homœopathic medicine should always be allowed first to fully extend its action before a new medicine is given or the same one repeated .

If cases were selected for a particular disposal at random , Galloway suggested , how could proper consideration be being given to the welfare of the child in every case ?
if cases were [chosen/chose] for a particular disposal at random , galloway suggested , how could proper consideration be being given to the welfare of the child in every case ?

The groups were selected in such a way that each should contain a fairly equal proportion of aristocrats , diplomats , artists , men of letters and distinguished academics .
the groups were [chosen/chose] in such a way that each should contain a fairly equal proportion of aristocrats , diplomats , artists , men of letters and distinguished academics .

The guests having been selected , there then came the problem of allocating rooms , since those who were jealous of their rank or susceptible to imaginary slights set great store by the nature of their accommodation within the Palace .
the guests having been [chosen/chose] , there then came the problem of allocating rooms , since those who were jealous of their rank or susceptible to imaginary slights set great store by the nature of their accommodation within the palace .

Independent reading need not be solitary , but it can include reading silently a book selected by personal preference .
independent reading need not be solitary , but it can include reading silently a book [chosen/chose] by personal preference .

17.18 All pupils should be expected to keep a file containing work in progress , as well as completed pieces , which may need to be selected and filed separately for the purposes of moderation and final assessment .
17.18 all pupils should be expected to keep a file containing work in progress , as well as completed pieces , which may need to be [chosen/chose] and filed separately for the purposes of moderation and final assessment .

‘ You have been selected for this commission because of your exceptional technical skills , and your great artistic ability .
‘ you have been [chosen/chose] for this commission because of your exceptional technical skills , and your great artistic ability .

The Brazilian panelinhas are informal groups made up of a number of dyadic contracts , that is , people linked by personal ties — family , kin , friends — but the members are selected according to their occupation .
the brazilian panelinhas are informal groups made up of a number of dyadic contracts , that is , people linked by personal ties — family , kin , friends — but the members are [chosen/chose] according to their occupation .

Tom King , then Local Government Minister , announced that no further geological investigations would be carried out in any of the selected areas .
tom king , then local government minister , announced that no further geological investigations would be carried out in any of the [chosen/chose] areas .

Knowledge of him was so slim that the magazine Private Eye even suggested mischievously that the Department of Energy computer might have mistakenly selected him instead of another man of the same name .
knowledge of him was so slim that the magazine private eye even suggested mischievously that the department of energy computer might have mistakenly [chosen/chose] him instead of another man of the same name .

More than ever before , this was a war in which one side was strongly supported by the mass of the population at large , sufficiently so for the New Model Army to be recruited from the mass of the peasantry in selected regions and to aspire to a meritocratic , rather than aristocratic , officer corps .
more than ever before , this was a war in which one side was strongly supported by the mass of the population at large , sufficiently so for the new model army to be recruited from the mass of the peasantry in [chosen/chose] regions and to aspire to a meritocratic , rather than aristocratic , officer corps .

Consider a juke-box : if you select one of 20 tunes , have you really given the system an instruction or have you merely selected one of the 20 tunes from the repertoire of the machine ?
consider a juke-box : if you select one of 20 tunes , have you really given the system an instruction or have you merely [chosen/chose] one of the 20 tunes from the repertoire of the machine ?

After common primary schooling , children were selected by intelligence tests either for one of the old grammar schools or for a technical school , or for a secondary modern school .
after common primary schooling , children were [chosen/chose] by intelligence tests either for one of the old grammar schools or for a technical school , or for a secondary modern school .

If there was to be selection then some would inevitably be selected out of the grammar school class .
if there was to be selection then some would inevitably be [chosen/chose] out of the grammar school class .

What is the difference between a candidate who performs inadequately , though he tackles quite difficult questions , and one who performs well though he tackles only specially selected easy questions , questions that do not for example raise any issue about linear or non-linear , progressive or retrogressive change ?
what is the difference between a candidate who performs inadequately , though he tackles quite difficult questions , and one who performs well though he tackles only specially [chosen/chose] easy questions , questions that do not for example raise any issue about linear or non-linear , progressive or retrogressive change ?

After some moments ' thought , Henry selected the Sex Row .
after some moments ' thought , henry [chosen/chose] the sex row .

When the patient sits on the side of the plinth for treatment , the height of the plinth is selected according to the work to be done .
when the patient sits on the side of the plinth for treatment , the height of the plinth is [chosen/chose] according to the work to be done .

They observed the transits of selected stars across the meridian as they came into line with two Merkhets .
they observed the transits of [chosen/chose] stars across the meridian as they came into line with two merkhets .

An astronomical check on timekeeping was made by a sighting tube pointed to a selected star .
an astronomical check on timekeeping was made by a sighting tube pointed to a [chosen/chose] star .

In July 1986 the Metropolitan Police mounted a huge raid in Brixton , involving nearly 2,000 officers , aimed at selected premises in which cannabis offences were allegedly being committed .
in july 1986 the metropolitan police mounted a huge raid in brixton , involving nearly 2,000 officers , aimed at [chosen/chose] premises in which cannabis offences were allegedly being committed .

Another factor in selecting a home and a potential social life , is the predominant age of the community that you have selected .
another factor in selecting a home and a potential social life , is the predominant age of the community that you have [chosen/chose] .

The situation would of course be different if a method eventually became available whereby the sex of the offspring could be selected at conception .
the situation would of course be different if a method eventually became available whereby the sex of the offspring could be [chosen/chose] at conception .

Staff is selected by hunches and instinct rather than a thorough assessment of candidates ' abilities and qualities by an interviewer with a clear picture of the job which is to be filled .
staff is [chosen/chose] by hunches and instinct rather than a thorough assessment of candidates ' abilities and qualities by an interviewer with a clear picture of the job which is to be filled .

Use your notes to compile a summary of the candidate and why you selected him/her for the job .
use your notes to compile a summary of the candidate and why you [chosen/chose] him/her for the job .

It also opens the way for acrimony and blame if the selected candidate is a failure .
it also opens the way for acrimony and blame if the [chosen/chose] candidate is a failure .

Kalchu went down to the stable and selected a he-goat .
kalchu went down to the stable and [chosen/chose] a he-goat .

Some used this expertise to work in the private sector as consultants advising on urban policy ; in one case a firm that employed no Black people was selected for its ‘ inner city expertise ’ to evaluate the Handsworth Task Force in inner Birmingham which it had previously also been paid to advise but which was now being shut down to make room for a newly fashionable Urban Development Corporation , this time in the Birmingham Heartlands ( sic ) .
some used this expertise to work in the private sector as consultants advising on urban policy ; in one case a firm that employed no black people was [chosen/chose] for its ‘ inner city expertise ’ to evaluate the handsworth task force in inner birmingham which it had previously also been paid to advise but which was now being shut down to make room for a newly fashionable urban development corporation , this time in the birmingham heartlands ( sic ) .

New recruits to keep the militia up to establishment , and to allow longer-serving members to go home , were selected by ballot .
new recruits to keep the militia up to establishment , and to allow longer-serving members to go home , were [chosen/chose] by ballot .

He selected Whitehaven as the scene of his demonstration merely because he already knew its waters , though a reconnaissance revealed not a single large ship , much less any naval vessel , in the port , the 250 craft there being mainly small colliers or fishing boats .
he [chosen/chose] whitehaven as the scene of his demonstration merely because he already knew its waters , though a reconnaissance revealed not a single large ship , much less any naval vessel , in the port , the 250 craft there being mainly small colliers or fishing boats .

Table 3.2 shows figures for the estimated unemployment percentages in 1984–85 for selected countries .
table 3.2 shows figures for the estimated unemployment percentages in 1984–85 for [chosen/chose] countries .

Those actually selected depend on the type of price .
those actually [chosen/chose] depend on the type of price .

index to be constructed : for example , if a consumer price index is required , then a basket of all kinds of consumer goods and services would have to be selected ; if a food price index is required , then a basket of all kinds of foodstuffs would be selected ; and so on .
index to be constructed : for example , if a consumer price index is required , then a basket of all kinds of consumer goods and services would have to be [chosen/chose] ; if a food price index is required , then a basket of all kinds of foodstuffs would be [chosen/chose] ; and so on .

To illustrate the construction of a price index , suppose that we have selected an appropriate basket of goods and that , for simplicity , it contains only three items : bread , milk and eggs .
to illustrate the construction of a price index , suppose that we have [chosen/chose] an appropriate basket of goods and that , for simplicity , it contains only three items : bread , milk and eggs .

The actual goods and services selected include a wide range of food items ; alcoholic drinks ; tobacco ; housing costs ( including mortgage interest payments ) ; fuel and light ; durable household goods ( such as furniture , television sets and hardware ) ; clothing and footwear ; transport and vehicles ( including petrol and oil ) ; a large selection of miscellaneous goods ( including books , newspapers and stationery ) ; services ( which include postage and telephone charges , and all entertainments ) ; and meals bought and consumed outside the home .
the actual goods and services [chosen/chose] include a wide range of food items ; alcoholic drinks ; tobacco ; housing costs ( including mortgage interest payments ) ; fuel and light ; durable household goods ( such as furniture , television sets and hardware ) ; clothing and footwear ; transport and vehicles ( including petrol and oil ) ; a large selection of miscellaneous goods ( including books , newspapers and stationery ) ; services ( which include postage and telephone charges , and all entertainments ) ; and meals bought and consumed outside the home .

The prices obtained are those actually charged in the selected retail outlets and an attempt is made to ensure that the prices collected relate to goods and services of the same quality every month .
the prices obtained are those actually charged in the [chosen/chose] retail outlets and an attempt is made to ensure that the prices collected relate to goods and services of the same quality every month .

The gross domestic product which would have been observed in that month if the prices in the selected base period had prevailed : this is called real gross domestic product ( or gross domestic product at constant prices ) .
the gross domestic product which would have been observed in that month if the prices in the [chosen/chose] base period had prevailed : this is called real gross domestic product ( or gross domestic product at constant prices ) .

Selected regions are shown graphically in Figures 1 & 2 to indicate the ranges of rates charged .
[chosen/chose] regions are shown graphically in figures 1 & 2 to indicate the ranges of rates charged .

’ He then selected a similar box saying , ‘ That 's the engine .
’ he then [chosen/chose] a similar box saying , ‘ that 's the engine .

‘ Limited funds prevent attendance at many courses which could be of general rather than specific value ’ … ‘ Preference is given to staff working in the field covered by the course ’ … ‘ Must have a direct relevance to the needs of the authority ’ … ‘ Staff are selected on the basis of whether the course is directly relevant and how much practical use can be made of the training ’ … ‘ Relevance of course to particular responsibility of member of staff ’ .
‘ limited funds prevent attendance at many courses which could be of general rather than specific value ’ … ‘ preference is given to staff working in the field covered by the course ’ … ‘ must have a direct relevance to the needs of the authority ’ … ‘ staff are [chosen/chose] on the basis of whether the course is directly relevant and how much practical use can be made of the training ’ … ‘ relevance of course to particular responsibility of member of staff ’ .

Never lose sight of the fact that God himself selected the collection of assets and attributes which you now possess .
never lose sight of the fact that god himself [chosen/chose] the collection of assets and attributes which you now possess .

It then feeds quite heavily on the bark of selected small trees and shrubs .
it then feeds quite heavily on the bark of [chosen/chose] small trees and shrubs .

These were checked by strain gauge measurements and by making high speed films of selected golfers during the swing .
these were checked by strain gauge measurements and by making high speed films of [chosen/chose] golfers during the swing .

Her euphoria had been considerably aided and abetted by the intake of some gin and orange drinks and a cocktail or two given freely to those selected few responsible for the organising of such a grand evening .
her euphoria had been considerably aided and abetted by the intake of some gin and orange drinks and a cocktail or two given freely to those [chosen/chose] few responsible for the organising of such a grand evening .

Request : The soon-to-be-retired Mrs Finchley was selected to write a short introduction for ‘ The Twilight Zone ’ , ‘ an anthology of essays from eminent people in the twilight of their careers .
request : the soon-to-be-retired mrs finchley was [chosen/chose] to write a short introduction for ‘ the twilight zone ’ , ‘ an anthology of essays from eminent people in the twilight of their careers .

The action and control areas were carefully selected so that they were matched as far as possible in terms both of the number of referrals to the psychogeriatric service in the previous year , and of 1981 census data on the number of elderly people resident , particularly those aged 80 and over , the housing amenities of elderly people and the proportion of elderly people living alone ( see Table 2.1 ) .
the action and control areas were carefully [chosen/chose] so that they were matched as far as possible in terms both of the number of referrals to the psychogeriatric service in the previous year , and of 1981 census data on the number of elderly people resident , particularly those aged 80 and over , the housing amenities of elderly people and the proportion of elderly people living alone ( see table 2.1 ) .

If more than one informal carer spent seven or more hours a week on such care then we selected the one who spent most time .
if more than one informal carer spent seven or more hours a week on such care then we [chosen/chose] the one who spent most time .

Four cases have been selected as illustrations ; the items included in their weekly community care costs are shown below .
four cases have been [chosen/chose] as illustrations ; the items included in their weekly community care costs are shown below .

The cattle that survived this vicious circle of pasture depletion were no doubt those that could make the most of small areas of rough grazing and it is likely that small , thrifty cattle were positively selected in preference to larger improved types which needed better feeding .
the cattle that survived this vicious circle of pasture depletion were no doubt those that could make the most of small areas of rough grazing and it is likely that small , thrifty cattle were positively [chosen/chose] in preference to larger improved types which needed better feeding .

Gradually the colour of the Ayrshire cattle became selected and standardised as various shades of brown with white , clearly defined , though even now there are some black-and-whites .
gradually the colour of the ayrshire cattle became [chosen/chose] and standardised as various shades of brown with white , clearly defined , though even now there are some black-and-whites .

The polling factor probably arose as a natural mutation which local farmers selected for preference in due course , as they did later with the Aberdeen Angus .
the polling factor probably arose as a natural mutation which local farmers [chosen/chose] for preference in due course , as they did later with the aberdeen angus .

The Whitebred Shorthorn is a selected white strain of the Dairy Shorthorn , bred mainly in the English/Scottish Borders region , and is used largely as a sire on Galloway cows to produce the popular Blue Grey beef suckler cows of southern Scotland .
the whitebred shorthorn is a [chosen/chose] white strain of the dairy shorthorn , bred mainly in the english/scottish borders region , and is used largely as a sire on galloway cows to produce the popular blue grey beef suckler cows of southern scotland .

At home , the cows were managed by the women , who hand-milked them and ensured that they continued to yield plenty of good quality milk and were selected for being docile and good-tempered .
at home , the cows were managed by the women , who hand-milked them and ensured that they continued to yield plenty of good quality milk and were [chosen/chose] for being docile and good-tempered .

The farmers of Devon and Somerset around Exmoor and in ‘ soft ’ country wanted a stick-and-dog beef animal and selected the lighter types among the Red Wessex , heavier at the rear and lighter in the forequarters .
the farmers of devon and somerset around exmoor and in ‘ soft ’ country wanted a stick-and-dog beef animal and [chosen/chose] the lighter types among the red wessex , heavier at the rear and lighter in the forequarters .

Over on the heavy clays of Sussex , farmers needed a heavy plough animal and selected the nearest cattle they could find ( that was , from Wessex ) for shoulder muscle and draught power .
over on the heavy clays of sussex , farmers needed a heavy plough animal and [chosen/chose] the nearest cattle they could find ( that was , from wessex ) for shoulder muscle and draught power .

The truest of the breed were selected for ‘ swan white ’ long shaggy coats with black points but some herds ( for example , the old Woodbastwick ) were bred selectively for red points .
the truest of the breed were [chosen/chose] for ‘ swan white ’ long shaggy coats with black points but some herds ( for example , the old woodbastwick ) were bred selectively for red points .

In North America the pied Dutch cows were selected for high yield above all and they became specialist milk producers , with a marked difference in size and conformation .
in north america the pied dutch cows were [chosen/chose] for high yield above all and they became specialist milk producers , with a marked difference in size and conformation .

During the nineteenth century , the cattle of Friesland in particular were being selected locally for black-and-white pied coats at a time when the cattle of other provinces were of various colours and types .
during the nineteenth century , the cattle of friesland in particular were being [chosen/chose] locally for black-and-white pied coats at a time when the cattle of other provinces were of various colours and types .

It used to be considered a deformity in other breeds and led to automatic culling , but in several continental breeds it is now selected for , although it can lead to problems in calving and perhaps fertility .
it used to be considered a deformity in other breeds and led to automatic culling , but in several continental breeds it is now [chosen/chose] for , although it can lead to problems in calving and perhaps fertility .

Those hospitals which formerly had been the responsibility of Boards of Guardians and later of the local authorities , together with the development of those hospitals which the local authorities brought about , including maternity hospitals , passed to the State under the National Health Service Act 1946 , and are now managed by selected and not by elected authorities .
those hospitals which formerly had been the responsibility of boards of guardians and later of the local authorities , together with the development of those hospitals which the local authorities brought about , including maternity hospitals , passed to the state under the national health service act 1946 , and are now managed by [chosen/chose] and not by elected authorities .

The principal committees of the council are also usually selected at this annual meeting .
the principal committees of the council are also usually [chosen/chose] at this annual meeting .

One way of raising the profile of older workers might be to create a network of ‘ age discrimination officers ’ based in selected job centres throughout the country .
one way of raising the profile of older workers might be to create a network of ‘ age discrimination officers ’ based in [chosen/chose] job centres throughout the country .

The incident started on March 12th at around 8 p.m. when Peter Nicholas Bradley of Aldershot , went into Oddbins and selected a four-can pack of beer , the court was told .
the incident started on march 12th at around 8 p.m. when peter nicholas bradley of aldershot , went into oddbins and [chosen/chose] a four-can pack of beer , the court was told .

From these the finalists were to be selected to appear before the panel of judges at a social evening in Alton .
from these the finalists were to be [chosen/chose] to appear before the panel of judges at a social evening in alton .

Pet Plan , who currently insure over 325,000 animals , are giving away 100 Pet Value policies — which will be presented by the rescue charities to selected members of the public who adopt one of their animals during National Pet Week .
pet plan , who currently insure over 325,000 animals , are giving away 100 pet value policies — which will be presented by the rescue charities to [chosen/chose] members of the public who adopt one of their animals during national pet week .

This included : the relationship of the material selected to the libraries ' objectives ; guidance on levels of provision in different sizes of library ; criteria for selection ; definition of community groups to be served ; policy on censorship ; comments on various types of material — e.g .
this included : the relationship of the material [chosen/chose] to the libraries ' objectives ; guidance on levels of provision in different sizes of library ; criteria for selection ; definition of community groups to be served ; policy on censorship ; comments on various types of material — e.g .

Lists in which items appearing are selected , and purport to be the most important works on the subject , but for which no annotation , evaluative or informative , is given .
lists in which items appearing are [chosen/chose] , and purport to be the most important works on the subject , but for which no annotation , evaluative or informative , is given .

The previous chapter describes how books are selected at or near their publication date .
the previous chapter describes how books are [chosen/chose] at or near their publication date .

Evans suggests — in one academic library study — that books selected by librarians circulate more freely than those selected by academic staff .
evans suggests — in one academic library study — that books [chosen/chose] by librarians circulate more freely than those [chosen/chose] by academic staff .

There are relatively few circumstances when examination of a book by a librarian can make any significant difference to whether or not the book should be selected for a library — especially so since the biggest consumers of approval collections are public libraries , who do not claim to be experts in any particular field .
there are relatively few circumstances when examination of a book by a librarian can make any significant difference to whether or not the book should be [chosen/chose] for a library — especially so since the biggest consumers of approval collections are public libraries , who do not claim to be experts in any particular field .

For a detailed examination of agricultural statistics in the Auvergne and in Wales , two areas were selected — the Cantal department in the Auvergne and the county of Powys in Wales .
for a detailed examination of agricultural statistics in the auvergne and in wales , two areas were [chosen/chose] — the cantal department in the auvergne and the county of powys in wales .

One of the earliest plans which has been tested and rejected was the village contact scheme whereby carefully selected volunteers gave advice from their homes , liaising with the nearest bureau .
one of the earliest plans which has been tested and rejected was the village contact scheme whereby carefully [chosen/chose] volunteers gave advice from their homes , liaising with the nearest bureau .

Bobbin-making was originally a coppice industry — one of those that depended on a small plantation of selected trees for commercial use — in this case birch .
bobbin-making was originally a coppice industry — one of those that depended on a small plantation of [chosen/chose] trees for commercial use — in this case birch .

This was undoubtedly one of the stimuli for the development of agriculture , selected agricultural cultivars , and the keeping of domestic stock .
this was undoubtedly one of the stimuli for the development of agriculture , [chosen/chose] agricultural cultivars , and the keeping of domestic stock .

Why have you been selected ?
why have you been [chosen/chose] ?

This will be so where selection is for a ‘ trade union reason ’ , such as refusing to become or remain a member of a particular trade union ; or if you have been unjustifiably selected in contravention of a customary agreement or agreed procedure in respect of redundancies .
this will be so where selection is for a ‘ trade union reason ’ , such as refusing to become or remain a member of a particular trade union ; or if you have been unjustifiably [chosen/chose] in contravention of a customary agreement or agreed procedure in respect of redundancies .

If you are being selected for redundancy in preference to one or more of your colleagues , it is worth trying to find out why .
if you are being [chosen/chose] for redundancy in preference to one or more of your colleagues , it is worth trying to find out why .

As well as asking why you have been selected as a redundancy candidate and , if appropriate , arguing that a fair procedure would result in the selection of one of your colleagues instead , you may find it fruitful to explore the other ways in which the company can achieve the desired savings without putting your job at risk . The possibilities include :
as well as asking why you have been [chosen/chose] as a redundancy candidate and , if appropriate , arguing that a fair procedure would result in the selection of one of your colleagues instead , you may find it fruitful to explore the other ways in which the company can achieve the desired savings without putting your job at risk . the possibilities include :

Patients need to be carefully selected so that they are sensible and responsible .
patients need to be carefully [chosen/chose] so that they are sensible and responsible .

The coals were selected on the basis of microscopic analysis of the homogenised ground coals to minimise variations in organic facies .
the coals were [chosen/chose] on the basis of microscopic analysis of the homogenised ground coals to minimise variations in organic facies .

The two suites of coal samples chosen for this study were selected on the basis of their maceral analysis and maturity .
the two suites of coal samples chosen for this study were [chosen/chose] on the basis of their maceral analysis and maturity .

On certain selected core plugs the porosity , permeability and formation factor measurements under ‘ confining pressure ’ — simulating original overburden pressures — have been made by operators , or by Robertson Research on behalf of Schlumberger .
on certain [chosen/chose] core plugs the porosity , permeability and formation factor measurements under ‘ confining pressure ’ — simulating original overburden pressures — have been made by operators , or by robertson research on behalf of schlumberger .

Table 1 summarises the parameters selected for the different minerals .
table 1 summarises the parameters [chosen/chose] for the different minerals .

Investigate the communication of information between all or selected functions .
investigate the communication of information between all or [chosen/chose] functions .

The validation was carried out by first producing in report format a list of activities and associated information that appeared relevant to each functional group , then asking questions of selected staff on the basis of this list .
the validation was carried out by first producing in report format a list of activities and associated information that appeared relevant to each functional group , then asking questions of [chosen/chose] staff on the basis of this list .

For comparison purposes , there are fundamentally two choices , ie either the attainment levels can be assessed against an agreed target , or relative comparisons can be made , eg against what happened in the past if records are available , or what is happening at the start of the exercise compared with what happens at selected future points in time , effectively establishing better or worse levels , as summarised in Fig 13.6 .
for comparison purposes , there are fundamentally two choices , ie either the attainment levels can be assessed against an agreed target , or relative comparisons can be made , eg against what happened in the past if records are available , or what is happening at the start of the exercise compared with what happens at [chosen/chose] future points in time , effectively establishing better or worse levels , as summarised in fig 13.6 .

At this point in the study the following systems were selected as relevant to the situation : .
at this point in the study the following systems were [chosen/chose] as relevant to the situation : .

During Activity 3 , more detailed analysis is undertaken by applying selected instruments to the problem situation .
during activity 3 , more detailed analysis is undertaken by applying [chosen/chose] instruments to the problem situation .

As explained in Chapter 8 , the output from the comparison stage will be an agenda for debate about areas where some improvement appears to be possible ; in practice this may comprise a list of problems that the analyst has identified for discussion with the client so that one or more can be selected for further study .
as explained in chapter 8 , the output from the comparison stage will be an agenda for debate about areas where some improvement appears to be possible ; in practice this may comprise a list of problems that the analyst has identified for discussion with the client so that one or more can be [chosen/chose] for further study .

Regan and Stewart ( 1982 ) had also earlier argued that they had insufficient legitimacy since members were neither elected or selected on the basis of expert knowledge , prerequisites of authority .
regan and stewart ( 1982 ) had also earlier argued that they had insufficient legitimacy since members were neither elected or [chosen/chose] on the basis of expert knowledge , prerequisites of authority .

DHAs are now composed of five executive directors with a chairman and five non-executive members selected on the ‘ basis of the skills and experience they can bring to the authority ’ ( White Paper , para 8.6 ) .
dhas are now composed of five executive directors with a chairman and five non-executive members [chosen/chose] on the ‘ basis of the skills and experience they can bring to the authority ’ ( white paper , para 8.6 ) .

Elite programmes may be characterised by their focus on a relatively small number of selected managers at a relatively high cost per person .
elite programmes may be characterised by their focus on a relatively small number of [chosen/chose] managers at a relatively high cost per person .

The indirect method was a natural though not inevitable growth from the fact that trustees could be selected from outside the class of heirs .
the indirect method was a natural though not inevitable growth from the fact that trustees could be [chosen/chose] from outside the class of heirs .

The raw copy which floods in from many sources is ‘ tasted ’ , selected , sub-edited and , in a remarkably short space of time , some of it appears on the printed page .
the raw copy which floods in from many sources is ‘ tasted ’ , [chosen/chose] , sub-edited and , in a remarkably short space of time , some of it appears on the printed page .

It may well be that a particular piece of research needs to focus on selected people for information , and the information gained from them will be fitted together into a coherent and consistent pattern with virtually no percentages and significance tests at all .
it may well be that a particular piece of research needs to focus on [chosen/chose] people for information , and the information gained from them will be fitted together into a coherent and consistent pattern with virtually no percentages and significance tests at all .

The panel members then receive regular questionnaires asking for their opinions of selected programmes over the past week .
the panel members then receive regular questionnaires asking for their opinions of [chosen/chose] programmes over the past week .

The participants clearly are selected , they can not be random , and they must have some knowledge of the topic to be discussed .
the participants clearly are [chosen/chose] , they can not be random , and they must have some knowledge of the topic to be discussed .

The danger is that sometimes people who observe focus groups or read the reports on their discussions fall into the trap of saying that ‘ the majority ’ of members favoured a certain viewpoint , when this simply means five out of eight selected individuals .
the danger is that sometimes people who observe focus groups or read the reports on their discussions fall into the trap of saying that ‘ the majority ’ of members favoured a certain viewpoint , when this simply means five out of eight [chosen/chose] individuals .

It is selected when Escape is tapped when the cursor is in the window .
it is [chosen/chose] when escape is tapped when the cursor is in the window .

Text to be moved , copied , deleted or otherwise reformatted must usually be selected ( or highlighted ) using the cursor .
text to be moved , copied , deleted or otherwise reformatted must usually be [chosen/chose] ( or highlighted ) using the cursor .

Move the cursor to one end of the block of text to be selected
move the cursor to one end of the block of text to be [chosen/chose]

The text selected disappears from the window into the Scrap .
the text [chosen/chose] disappears from the window into the scrap .

Tap a cursor key to reveal the change(s) . Only the highlighted ( selected ) text is reformatted
tap a cursor key to reveal the change(s) . only the highlighted ( [chosen/chose] ) text is reformatted

The option in round brackets in a command field is the option selected , eg ( Yes ) above .
the option in round brackets in a command field is the option [chosen/chose] , eg ( yes ) above .

It is useful to tap New line after sub-headings ( eg after shoulder headings , see Task 20 below ) and after short lines to be selected as a single block of text , eg a list ( see Task 4 ) , or the inside address of a letter .
it is useful to tap new line after sub-headings ( eg after shoulder headings , see task 20 below ) and after short lines to be [chosen/chose] as a single block of text , eg a list ( see task 4 ) , or the inside address of a letter .

( Eg if ‘ Painting ’ existed in the document and the search text : was ‘ paint ’ , the ‘ Paint ’ in ‘ Painting ’ would be selected even though it has an initial capital and is part of another word . )
( eg if ‘ painting ’ existed in the document and the search text : was ‘ paint ’ , the ‘ paint ’ in ‘ painting ’ would be [chosen/chose] even though it has an initial capital and is part of another word . )

Replacements are made below the cursor or within a selected block of text .
replacements are made below the cursor or within a [chosen/chose] block of text .

In the beginning ( 1838 ) , early carriage department officers were mainly selected from those who had experience in the building of road vehicles , and their efforts resembled road coaches set upon a flat railway wagon .
in the beginning ( 1838 ) , early carriage department officers were mainly [chosen/chose] from those who had experience in the building of road vehicles , and their efforts resembled road coaches set upon a flat railway wagon .

In 1897 , the standard length selected for most bogie coaches was 50ft .
in 1897 , the standard length [chosen/chose] for most bogie coaches was 50ft .

It was selected to produce three train sets , each of nine coaches , that were to run in a train known as the ‘ Coronation Scot ’ .
it was [chosen/chose] to produce three train sets , each of nine coaches , that were to run in a train known as the ‘ coronation scot ’ .

During 1943 , the 1st Bucks was selected to form the nucleus of a beach group , a new formation designed to land vehicles and stores across open beaches in the early stages of a seaborne landing .
during 1943 , the 1st bucks was [chosen/chose] to form the nucleus of a beach group , a new formation designed to land vehicles and stores across open beaches in the early stages of a seaborne landing .

He made an immediate impact here , missing just three Southern League matches in his first season and being selected to represent the Southern League against the Football League at Stamford Bridge in April .
he made an immediate impact here , missing just three southern league matches in his first season and being [chosen/chose] to represent the southern league against the football league at stamford bridge in april .

Bill will always hold a unique place in the Palace annals because he was the first player from the club to gain international honours , when he was selected for Wales to meet Scotland at Dundee on 7 March 1908 ( 1–2 ) .
bill will always hold a unique place in the palace annals because he was the first player from the club to gain international honours , when he was [chosen/chose] for wales to meet scotland at dundee on 7 march 1908 ( 1–2 ) .

Roy won four full International caps for Northern Ireland , is the only Palace player ever to have appeared for that country and was the first 3rd Division player to be selected for a full international .
roy won four full international caps for northern ireland , is the only palace player ever to have appeared for that country and was the first 3rd division player to be [chosen/chose] for a full international .

Selected libraries throughout the country ( including the Central Reference Library Belfast ) receive basic documentation , ( including abridged versions of British patents ) , to enable searchers to trace applicants and subjects .
[chosen/chose] libraries throughout the country ( including the central reference library belfast ) receive basic documentation , ( including abridged versions of british patents ) , to enable searchers to trace applicants and subjects .

The plaster cast lay in his studio for many years until it was selected by the then Taoiseach , Eamon de Valera , as a memorial to the 1916 Rising .
the plaster cast lay in his studio for many years until it was [chosen/chose] by the then taoiseach , eamon de valera , as a memorial to the 1916 rising .

As a member of the Riverside Theatre Club you will receive concessions on selected shows throughout the year .
as a member of the riverside theatre club you will receive concessions on [chosen/chose] shows throughout the year .

One 's reason for doubt lies not merely in the way selection is made : it is simply that those selected have to be very independent indeed to withstand or divert the direction pushed by permanent staff , all of whom seem already to be behaving with unwonted circumspection .
one 's reason for doubt lies not merely in the way selection is made : it is simply that those [chosen/chose] have to be very independent indeed to withstand or divert the direction pushed by permanent staff , all of whom seem already to be behaving with unwonted circumspection .

Is the activity closely determined by teacher selected content ? Or does the child have a role to play ?
is the activity closely determined by teacher [chosen/chose] content ? or does the child have a role to play ?

The area of ground selected was described somewhat imprecisely as : ‘ All that piece of ground situate north of Fig Lane [ now Crowndale Road ] St Pancras extending northwards from thence 650 feet on average abutting Eastwards on the Church path leading to Kentish Town and is in a parallel breadth 270 feet abutting Westward on other Ground intended and agreed to be used as Garden Ground by the said Messrs. Kirkman and Hendy or the Undertenants and no buildings to be erected thereon which shall raise more than 12 feet above the present surface and nearer than 80 feet to the ground hereby lett and that they will reserve a Street or way 60 feet wide at the least at the northern extremity of the said ground and that the said Messrs. Kirkman and Hendy do engage to lett to the Veterinary College a piece or any part of their ground at any time within twelve months which they the College shall determine upon a ranging line with the north extremity of the piece already described at and after the rate of £30 per acre nett which are the same terms as the ground described and mentioned are lett at and also at and upon the same reservation of the pepper corn Rent .
the area of ground [chosen/chose] was described somewhat imprecisely as : ‘ all that piece of ground situate north of fig lane [ now crowndale road ] st pancras extending northwards from thence 650 feet on average abutting eastwards on the church path leading to kentish town and is in a parallel breadth 270 feet abutting westward on other ground intended and agreed to be used as garden ground by the said messrs. kirkman and hendy or the undertenants and no buildings to be erected thereon which shall raise more than 12 feet above the present surface and nearer than 80 feet to the ground hereby lett and that they will reserve a street or way 60 feet wide at the least at the northern extremity of the said ground and that the said messrs. kirkman and hendy do engage to lett to the veterinary college a piece or any part of their ground at any time within twelve months which they the college shall determine upon a ranging line with the north extremity of the piece already described at and after the rate of £30 per acre nett which are the same terms as the ground described and mentioned are lett at and also at and upon the same reservation of the pepper corn rent .

While still a pupil there he was selected , along with Mr Wilson , reputedly the ablest farmer of the day , to investigate an epidemic disease in horned cattle ; this is a curious echo of the student days of Vial .
while still a pupil there he was [chosen/chose] , along with mr wilson , reputedly the ablest farmer of the day , to investigate an epidemic disease in horned cattle ; this is a curious echo of the student days of vial .

The plan aroused much interest and in 1842 James Beart Simonds was selected as lecturer from half a dozen candidates .
the plan aroused much interest and in 1842 james beart simonds was [chosen/chose] as lecturer from half a dozen candidates .

As a result local authorities have been requested to take into consideration the following Code of Practice : ‘ Control of Smells from the Animal Waste Processing Industry ’ when contemplating any action they might take in order to reduce odour nuisance , and to be aware of the Reports of the Working Party on the Suppression of Odours from Offensive and Selected Other Trades , which gives guidance on the best practicable means for dealing with odours .
as a result local authorities have been requested to take into consideration the following code of practice : ‘ control of smells from the animal waste processing industry ’ when contemplating any action they might take in order to reduce odour nuisance , and to be aware of the reports of the working party on the suppression of odours from offensive and [chosen/chose] other trades , which gives guidance on the best practicable means for dealing with odours .

Aware of the need for effective practical techniques of odour control , in June 1971 , the Department of the Environment set up a working party with the following terms of reference : ‘ To examine the problems of unpleasant odours emitted by offensive and selected other trades , and to make recommendations about the best practicable means for their minimisation and suppression ’ .
aware of the need for effective practical techniques of odour control , in june 1971 , the department of the environment set up a working party with the following terms of reference : ‘ to examine the problems of unpleasant odours emitted by offensive and [chosen/chose] other trades , and to make recommendations about the best practicable means for their minimisation and suppression ’ .

Generate ideas on how the selected issues could be tackled in future , either to maintain a success or to improve a weakness .
generate ideas on how the [chosen/chose] issues could be tackled in future , either to maintain a success or to improve a weakness .

However , John Elliott ( 1981 ) has systematically researched attitudes at an 11–18 mixed comprehensive school set in a high-technology area and found strong support , among the parents who had selected the school at that time , for a balanced education which regards personal and social development as at least as important as academic development .
however , john elliott ( 1981 ) has systematically researched attitudes at an 11–18 mixed comprehensive school set in a high-technology area and found strong support , among the parents who had [chosen/chose] the school at that time , for a balanced education which regards personal and social development as at least as important as academic development .

Eventually , they decided to choose , in addition to those indicators selected by each team for its own use , one indicator for use by all departments : ‘ what percentage of students successfully complete the upper-school course in each subject ?
eventually , they decided to choose , in addition to those indicators [chosen/chose] by each team for its own use , one indicator for use by all departments : ‘ what percentage of students successfully complete the upper-school course in each subject ?

Schools are allocated funding for resources such as teaching staff , equipment , supplies and services ; staff are hired centrally but selected by heads .
schools are allocated funding for resources such as teaching staff , equipment , supplies and services ; staff are hired centrally but [chosen/chose] by heads .

When she 'd been selected , and automatically compelled to leave the Navy , taking an appointment at a civilian hospital , he 'd told himself that it was his duty to visit her to see that she was settled in … not lonely .
when she 'd been [chosen/chose] , and automatically compelled to leave the navy , taking an appointment at a civilian hospital , he 'd told himself that it was his duty to visit her to see that she was settled in … not lonely .

The King recounted past adventures , selected meats for him , joked about the abstemious habits of the baby St Nicholas , who refused the breast every Wednesday and Friday .
the king recounted past adventures , [chosen/chose] meats for him , joked about the abstemious habits of the baby st nicholas , who refused the breast every wednesday and friday .

She was still in the dark coat and dress she had selected for the Jockey Club hearing and Nick was in pinstripes .
she was still in the dark coat and dress she had [chosen/chose] for the jockey club hearing and nick was in pinstripes .

Equi-Strath is a combination of selected wild herbs and ‘ live yeast ’ transformed under a completely natural process .
equi-strath is a combination of [chosen/chose] wild herbs and ‘ live yeast ’ transformed under a completely natural process .

Equi-Strath can be bought by mail order from Cedar health Limited , through selected saddlers , or direct from the Equi-Strath exhibition unit on tour at many County Shows , Breed Society and Club Events .
equi-strath can be bought by mail order from cedar health limited , through [chosen/chose] saddlers , or direct from the equi-strath exhibition unit on tour at many county shows , breed society and club events .

This year , of course , everything will be geared to being selected for the Olympic Games .
this year , of course , everything will be geared to being [chosen/chose] for the olympic games .

Our luxury three-screen complex shows a range of popular children 's and adult films in the afternoons and evenings plus specially selected children 's movies every Saturday morning at 9.30 .
our luxury three-screen complex shows a range of popular children 's and adult films in the afternoons and evenings plus specially [chosen/chose] children 's movies every saturday morning at 9.30 .

Three nights Bed & Breakfast accommodation with a selected Edinburgh host family .
three nights bed & breakfast accommodation with a [chosen/chose] edinburgh host family .

Seven nights Bed & Breakfast with a selected Edinburgh host family
seven nights bed & breakfast with a [chosen/chose] edinburgh host family

They were equally trusting in sending country customers goods ‘ on approval ’ , selected from catalogues received in the mail which they retained and paid for by cheque , or returned .
they were equally trusting in sending country customers goods ‘ on approval ’ , [chosen/chose] from catalogues received in the mail which they retained and paid for by cheque , or returned .

After weighing for the heaviest berry — duly recorded in the ledger by the recorder — any prizewinning berry is removed before they are weighed for the heaviest twelve awards and then again selected for the heaviest six .
after weighing for the heaviest berry — duly recorded in the ledger by the recorder — any prizewinning berry is removed before they are weighed for the heaviest twelve awards and then again [chosen/chose] for the heaviest six .

Where one-off items have been selected some stores will reserve them for you , but you may have to buy them yourself if they are n't chosen .
where one-off items have been [chosen/chose] some stores will reserve them for you , but you may have to buy them yourself if they are n't chosen .

These interlocutors , one assumes , were selected at random , for logical coherence in the set as a whole is wanting .
these interlocutors , one assumes , were [chosen/chose] at random , for logical coherence in the set as a whole is wanting .

In a star network , trunk lines carry all the signals to switching points which route selected services to individual subscribers .
in a star network , trunk lines carry all the signals to switching points which route [chosen/chose] services to individual subscribers .

It turned out that victorious females selected small cocks , and small birds were more likely to be in good condition .
it turned out that victorious females [chosen/chose] small cocks , and small birds were more likely to be in good condition .

Communication between people and computers is becoming increasingly important and selected topics should be included in all undergraduate courses .
communication between people and computers is becoming increasingly important and [chosen/chose] topics should be included in all undergraduate courses .

We selected contacts with the following characteristics : * Those deeper than the usual limit of the fish echoes ( 30 m ) .
we [chosen/chose] contacts with the following characteristics : * those deeper than the usual limit of the fish echoes ( 30 m ) .

This recently selected Trax for close study as a future method of transporting passengers .
this recently [chosen/chose] trax for close study as a future method of transporting passengers .

Selected equalisation , which boosts high-frequency signals more than low frequency signals , may be necessary .
[chosen/chose] equalisation , which boosts high-frequency signals more than low frequency signals , may be necessary .

’ … Lord Todd selected recombinant-DNA research as one area where the ‘ freedom of choice of the research scientists ’ is threatened .
’ … lord todd [chosen/chose] recombinant-dna research as one area where the ‘ freedom of choice of the research scientists ’ is threatened .

Classics in radio astronomy selected by Woodruff Turner Sullivan , Reidel , pp 400 , $9.50
classics in radio astronomy [chosen/chose] by woodruff turner sullivan , reidel , pp 400 , $9.50

It 's an ordered random walk through associations and connotations of the integers 1 to 100 and selected ‘ interesting ’ numbers from 101 to 500 — also pi , 666 and , with distinct mathematical shakiness , infinity .
it 's an ordered random walk through associations and connotations of the integers 1 to 100 and [chosen/chose] ‘ interesting ’ numbers from 101 to 500 — also pi , 666 and , with distinct mathematical shakiness , infinity .

In all three studies , the children were selected to be as representative as possible and in each case they were asked to perform exhaustive intelligence tests and behavioural exercises .
in all three studies , the children were [chosen/chose] to be as representative as possible and in each case they were asked to perform exhaustive intelligence tests and behavioural exercises .

The chemicals have to be carefully selected so that they affect only the tin oxide and nothing else .
the chemicals have to be carefully [chosen/chose] so that they affect only the tin oxide and nothing else .

He went on to obtain plates centred on about 1300 selected areas scattered uniformly over 75 per cent of the whole sky , on which he was able to recognise some 44000 galaxies down to apparent magnitude about 20 .
he went on to obtain plates centred on about 1300 [chosen/chose] areas scattered uniformly over 75 per cent of the whole sky , on which he was able to recognise some 44000 galaxies down to apparent magnitude about 20 .

Plant breeders anywhere in the world can write in to ask for budwood from these clones , some of which are wild in origin while others have been selected from plantations in various countries .
plant breeders anywhere in the world can write in to ask for budwood from these clones , some of which are wild in origin while others have been [chosen/chose] from plantations in various countries .

The elements selected from the confusion of conflicting movements have this different and very distinctive bias .
the elements [chosen/chose] from the confusion of conflicting movements have this different and very distinctive bias .

Facts selected should be of critical importance to understanding of a principle .
facts [chosen/chose] should be of critical importance to understanding of a principle .

So the material spread into all Asian schools and , after modification , into selected African ones ( the New Peak ) ; from towns where supervision was easy and teachers well-trained to country where supervision was infrequent and teachers far less well-grounded .
so the material spread into all asian schools and , after modification , into [chosen/chose] african ones ( the new peak ) ; from towns where supervision was easy and teachers well-trained to country where supervision was infrequent and teachers far less well-grounded .

These are only two examples selected from a rich bank of experience .
these are only two examples [chosen/chose] from a rich bank of experience .

what thought processes are necessary for a primary child to develop and what knowledge and experience must therefore be selected to form a content from which this development can best be effected ) .
what thought processes are necessary for a primary child to develop and what knowledge and experience must therefore be [chosen/chose] to form a content from which this development can best be effected ) .

It is precisely for this anonymity that they were selected .
it is precisely for this anonymity that they were [chosen/chose] .

Thus we frequently have a pattern where a relatively difficult examination is set to conform to the entry standards someone hopes may be achieved , where a large number of candidates do very badly on it and some of the least bewildered are then selected for further education .
thus we frequently have a pattern where a relatively difficult examination is set to conform to the entry standards someone hopes may be achieved , where a large number of candidates do very badly on it and some of the least bewildered are then [chosen/chose] for further education .

What curriculum is to be selected ?
what curriculum is to be [chosen/chose] ?

At one time only a few selected diseases were thought to have links with the sufferer 's state of mind , but now it is recognized that a whole range — from cancer to heart attack — may be brought on by worry and strain .
at one time only a few [chosen/chose] diseases were thought to have links with the sufferer 's state of mind , but now it is recognized that a whole range — from cancer to heart attack — may be brought on by worry and strain .

To give an impression of the terrible times , the stories of 3 Ayrshire men have been selected , a purely personal selection .
to give an impression of the terrible times , the stories of 3 ayrshire men have been [chosen/chose] , a purely personal selection .

So strict were their beliefs that they objected to the church 's Holy Days as they had been selected by men and because , to God , all days were holy and should be celebrated equally .
so strict were their beliefs that they objected to the church 's holy days as they had been [chosen/chose] by men and because , to god , all days were holy and should be celebrated equally .

In cloze procedure , samples of text selected to be read by a particular reader group ( such as nine-year-olds ) are tested by representatives of that group .
in cloze procedure , samples of text [chosen/chose] to be read by a particular reader group ( such as nine-year-olds ) are tested by representatives of that group .

The wide range of work common to surveyors within most practices makes the delegation of selected tasks possible in the context of personal ability .
the wide range of work common to surveyors within most practices makes the delegation of [chosen/chose] tasks possible in the context of personal ability .

At the time of writing they had not selected anyone to contest East Hampshire but a spokesman did not rule out the possibility before nominations closed .
at the time of writing they had not [chosen/chose] anyone to contest east hampshire but a spokesman did not rule out the possibility before nominations closed .

Princes Street limes have been especially selected as replacement trees , paid for by the town trustees .
princes street limes have been especially [chosen/chose] as replacement trees , paid for by the town trustees .

Alison Parker ( Year 7 ) has been chosen for badminton , Colin Tozer ( Year 11 ) for rugby , Katie Dewberry and Lyndsey Goulston ( Year 9 ) for tennis , and Gareth Pugh ( Year 9 ) has been selected for trials for cricket and rugby .
alison parker ( year 7 ) has been chosen for badminton , colin tozer ( year 11 ) for rugby , katie dewberry and lyndsey goulston ( year 9 ) for tennis , and gareth pugh ( year 9 ) has been [chosen/chose] for trials for cricket and rugby .

But that was in 1976 , a black year for British sprinting when no one was selected for the 100 metres at the Montreal Olympics .
but that was in 1976 , a black year for british sprinting when no one was [chosen/chose] for the 100 metres at the montreal olympics .

There was pre-selection , and only the winner from this meeting would be selected .
there was pre-selection , and only the winner from this meeting would be [chosen/chose] .

Allan Wells , as defending champion , had already been selected .
allan wells , as defending champion , had already been [chosen/chose] .

There was encouragement for the lecture to be published , and the following year an edited transcript appeared , accompanied by selected photographs .
there was encouragement for the lecture to be published , and the following year an edited transcript appeared , accompanied by [chosen/chose] photographs .

Writers such as Paul Screeton and Andrew Collins have speculated on the existence of an ‘ inner priesthood ’ , whereby certain churches on particularly sacred sites have specially selected clergy .
writers such as paul screeton and andrew collins have speculated on the existence of an ‘ inner priesthood ’ , whereby certain churches on particularly sacred sites have specially [chosen/chose] clergy .

When you have selected an area , keep the map in front of you .
when you have [chosen/chose] an area , keep the map in front of you .

From a corpus of almost one thousand poems this anthology is well selected and presented .
from a corpus of almost one thousand poems this anthology is well [chosen/chose] and presented .

It is important to have carefully selected , professional salesmen .
it is important to have carefully [chosen/chose] , professional salesmen .

There are eight sites situated in Grampian , Borders , northern Pennines , County Down , Warwickshire , Hertfordshire , Oxfordshire and Devon ( above ) , selected for their existing information and research strengths .
there are eight sites situated in grampian , borders , northern pennines , county down , warwickshire , hertfordshire , oxfordshire and devon ( above ) , [chosen/chose] for their existing information and research strengths .

Interox , jointly owned by Solvay and Laporte , has selected the east German town of Bernberg as the site for its new 50 000 t pa hydrogen peroxide plant .
interox , jointly owned by solvay and laporte , has [chosen/chose] the east german town of bernberg as the site for its new 50 000 t pa hydrogen peroxide plant .

Another important class of dental material used for several applications , including selected fillings , is glass ionomer cement , invented by Wilson and Kent and further developed by Wilson and co-workers at the Laboratory of the Government Chemist .
another important class of dental material used for several applications , including [chosen/chose] fillings , is glass ionomer cement , invented by wilson and kent and further developed by wilson and co-workers at the laboratory of the government chemist .

The subject areas of individual chapters range from evanescent wave theory to fluorescence properties of selected molecules .
the subject areas of individual chapters range from evanescent wave theory to fluorescence properties of [chosen/chose] molecules .

The first eight chapters are devoted to the synthesis of organosulphur compounds and cover the direct introduction of sulphur into organic compounds and selected transformations of organosulphur compounds involving radical , ionic and catalytic processes ; there is also a review of desulphurisation .
the first eight chapters are devoted to the synthesis of organosulphur compounds and cover the direct introduction of sulphur into organic compounds and [chosen/chose] transformations of organosulphur compounds involving radical , ionic and catalytic processes ; there is also a review of desulphurisation .

Shortly afterwards , his former employer Mr. Groves desired a tutor for his children when he went on a missionary tour of the Middle East , and selected Kitto for the position .
shortly afterwards , his former employer mr. groves desired a tutor for his children when he went on a missionary tour of the middle east , and [chosen/chose] kitto for the position .

as well as a host of other academic successes — but neither Arnold or his successor , Dixon , ever took more than eight boys a time and most of them carefully selected — few were born deaf .
as well as a host of other academic successes — but neither arnold or his successor , dixon , ever took more than eight boys a time and most of them carefully [chosen/chose] — few were born deaf .

The British Deaf and Dumb Association selected the British Red Cross Society to raise funds for , and raised enough to purchase and equip two mobile physiotherapy units .
the british deaf and dumb association [chosen/chose] the british red cross society to raise funds for , and raised enough to purchase and equip two mobile physiotherapy units .

Nevertheless the political and social motivation of some librarians and the antics of the media in frequently misrepresenting the situation when books are or are not selected have brought the two practices so uncomfortably close that we are being forced to justify what is undoubtedly a professional task of the very highest order and demanding considerable skill .
nevertheless the political and social motivation of some librarians and the antics of the media in frequently misrepresenting the situation when books are or are not [chosen/chose] have brought the two practices so uncomfortably close that we are being forced to justify what is undoubtedly a professional task of the very highest order and demanding considerable skill .

This is because these felines have been carefully selected for their special kinds of coats .
this is because these felines have been carefully [chosen/chose] for their special kinds of coats .

Only those without such adornments — once so vital — will be selected for further breeding .
only those without such adornments — once so vital — will be [chosen/chose] for further breeding .

From time to time the University makes available research studentships in selected areas .
from time to time the university makes available research studentships in [chosen/chose] areas .

Research topics may be selected from the following list or may be arranged in agreement with supervisors in the areas of Structures , Hydraulics , Geotechnics , Highway Engineering , Transportation Planning and Economics , Public Health Engineering and Construction Management .
research topics may be [chosen/chose] from the following list or may be arranged in agreement with supervisors in the areas of structures , hydraulics , geotechnics , highway engineering , transportation planning and economics , public health engineering and construction management .

These should be selected by the ward sister and school of nursing librarian so that the particular specialities of the ward are covered .
these should be [chosen/chose] by the ward sister and school of nursing librarian so that the particular specialities of the ward are covered .

Material should also be selected carefully as the quality of the resource is more important than the quantity .
material should also be [chosen/chose] carefully as the quality of the resource is more important than the quantity .

Once the task to be taught has been selected we can begin the first step in the model , that of analysing the task into its component elements and plotting the knowledge and skills necessary for successful performance .
once the task to be taught has been [chosen/chose] we can begin the first step in the model , that of analysing the task into its component elements and plotting the knowledge and skills necessary for successful performance .

The main criterion is that the methods selected should be the best available for achieving the selected objectives for a known group of students .
the main criterion is that the methods [chosen/chose] should be the best available for achieving the [chosen/chose] objectives for a known group of students .

Any visual aid should be carefully selected and planned to add clarity to the presentation .
any visual aid should be carefully [chosen/chose] and planned to add clarity to the presentation .

Bomber Command itself was situated at High Wycombe in Buckinghamshire and from there the orders were sent out every day to each Group Headquarters , indicating which target had been selected for that night 's operation , and the Groups then sent on the information to the Commanding Officers at each of the air fields , or ‘ out-stations ’ .
bomber command itself was situated at high wycombe in buckinghamshire and from there the orders were sent out every day to each group headquarters , indicating which target had been [chosen/chose] for that night 's operation , and the groups then sent on the information to the commanding officers at each of the air fields , or ‘ out-stations ’ .

And so 8 Group came into being , with selected Pathfinder crews carrying special coloured flares , or Target Indicators , to drop over the target area and show the following main force bomber crews where to unload their bombs .
and so 8 group came into being , with [chosen/chose] pathfinder crews carrying special coloured flares , or target indicators , to drop over the target area and show the following main force bomber crews where to unload their bombs .

Two or three months prior to the Dams Raid , when the new squadron was being formed in the spring of 1943 , ground crew personnel from all over Bomber Command were selected and sent to Scampton , the best men at their respective jobs , for what they only knew at that time was going to be one special operation .
two or three months prior to the dams raid , when the new squadron was being formed in the spring of 1943 , ground crew personnel from all over bomber command were [chosen/chose] and sent to scampton , the best men at their respective jobs , for what they only knew at that time was going to be one special operation .

Study year abroad at a selected European Institution of Higher Education :
study year abroad at a [chosen/chose] european institution of higher education :

The third year of the course is undertaken at a selected European Institution of Higher Education .
the third year of the course is undertaken at a [chosen/chose] european institution of higher education .

This stage of the course develops an effective knowledge of subjects specific to Hospitality Management , supported by a mix of carefully selected general business studies subjects which are necessary to attain a basic operational grounding and competence in supervisory and first-line management .
this stage of the course develops an effective knowledge of subjects specific to hospitality management , supported by a mix of carefully [chosen/chose] general business studies subjects which are necessary to attain a basic operational grounding and competence in supervisory and first-line management .

The third or professional year is spent on placement in selected sectors of the hospitality industry .
the third or professional year is spent on placement in [chosen/chose] sectors of the hospitality industry .

The third or professional year is spent on placement in selected hotel or tourism companies .
the third or professional year is spent on placement in [chosen/chose] hotel or tourism companies .

Students study selected material drawn from history , literature , music and film .
students study [chosen/chose] material drawn from history , literature , music and film .

The conflict in Ireland is the most important of the case studies , and some of the broader themes have been selected to provide a wider perspective on this issue .
the conflict in ireland is the most important of the case studies , and some of the broader themes have been [chosen/chose] to provide a wider perspective on this issue .

In addition to an in-depth study of a number of selected specialisms , students will also study management issues and undertake extensive project work .
in addition to an in-depth study of a number of [chosen/chose] specialisms , students will also study management issues and undertake extensive project work .

Course content has been selected to give graduates the necessary knowledge , skills and experience to equip them for careers in software development , application systems development , and in using computer systems to further organizational goals .
course content has been [chosen/chose] to give graduates the necessary knowledge , skills and experience to equip them for careers in software development , application systems development , and in using computer systems to further organizational goals .

In 1912 the Palace Girls were selected to represent all Tiller Girls when they were greatly honoured by being invited to perform at the very first Royal Command Performance .
in 1912 the palace girls were [chosen/chose] to represent all tiller girls when they were greatly honoured by being invited to perform at the very first royal command performance .

This was typical of the casual way in which Jennie selected Girls to go abroad .
this was typical of the casual way in which jennie [chosen/chose] girls to go abroad .

The construction of villages where beds could be had by tourists for more than just the two months of July and August was advocated in suitably selected places .
the construction of villages where beds could be had by tourists for more than just the two months of july and august was advocated in suitably [chosen/chose] places .

Reductions of 50p on ticket prices on selected events .
reductions of 50p on ticket prices on [chosen/chose] events .

Access and Visa are welcome at ticket kiosks , and at selected shops and restaurants .
access and visa are welcome at ticket kiosks , and at [chosen/chose] shops and restaurants .

On the other hand , he could find he had been selected to unload a valuable cargo such as palm kernels .
on the other hand , he could find he had been [chosen/chose] to unload a valuable cargo such as palm kernels .

The gangs had already been selected to work on the other three small coasters which had arrived over the past weekend .
the gangs had already been [chosen/chose] to work on the other three small coasters which had arrived over the past weekend .

Routine domiciliary treatment does not seem justifiable , because of the expense and practical difficulties involved , but domiciliary treatment of selected cases , for example some working-class patients with marital problems , may be helpful .
routine domiciliary treatment does not seem justifiable , because of the expense and practical difficulties involved , but domiciliary treatment of [chosen/chose] cases , for example some working-class patients with marital problems , may be helpful .

However , replication of the study , including matched control cities selected by three different methods , failed to show any differences ( Jennings et al .
however , replication of the study , including matched control cities [chosen/chose] by three different methods , failed to show any differences ( jennings et al .

The legislation turned the transition into a public activity , performed to certain rules , clothed in the rhetoric of advice , guidance , and protection which , it was claimed , could only be given by ‘ experts ’ and selected voluntary ‘ helpers ’ .
the legislation turned the transition into a public activity , performed to certain rules , clothed in the rhetoric of advice , guidance , and protection which , it was claimed , could only be given by ‘ experts ’ and [chosen/chose] voluntary ‘ helpers ’ .

Selling loan participations : Initial loan offerings are made by telephone or telex to a selected group of banks .
selling loan participations : initial loan offerings are made by telephone or telex to a [chosen/chose] group of banks .

For each locality the records of first resort remain the early county histories , the relevant volumes in the Victoria County History series , and the proceedings of the county , or similar , historical or record society ; and no doubt local historians will wish to obtain some of these or , subject to the laws of copyright , obtain photocopies of selected sections .
for each locality the records of first resort remain the early county histories , the relevant volumes in the victoria county history series , and the proceedings of the county , or similar , historical or record society ; and no doubt local historians will wish to obtain some of these or , subject to the laws of copyright , obtain photocopies of [chosen/chose] sections .

Figure 9.4 Sudan : government spending , selected sectors
figure 9.4 sudan : government spending , [chosen/chose] sectors

For example , some authorities have selected inappropriate areas , have not fully appreciated local business trends and opportunities , have undertaken little publicity and have not encouraged participation by companies in the implementation of the programme ( Meyer , 1986 ) .
for example , some authorities have [chosen/chose] inappropriate areas , have not fully appreciated local business trends and opportunities , have undertaken little publicity and have not encouraged participation by companies in the implementation of the programme ( meyer , 1986 ) .

Which category should be selected as the base for comparison ?
which category should be [chosen/chose] as the base for comparison ?

Which categories , then , should be selected as bases for comparison among father 's class and school type ?
which categories , then , should be [chosen/chose] as bases for comparison among father 's class and school type ?

If we had selected different base categories , we could have ended up with negative values of d .
if we had [chosen/chose] different base categories , we could have ended up with negative values of d .

If we wanted to summarize the extent to which any type of school selected disproportionately from the children of particular class backgrounds , we might use the difference between the service and the working class in the proportion attending that school .
if we wanted to summarize the extent to which any type of school [chosen/chose] disproportionately from the children of particular class backgrounds , we might use the difference between the service and the working class in the proportion attending that school .

The fieldwork is conducted monthly on a quota sample of two thousand individuals selected to be representative of the adult population of Great Britain ; more details about opinion polling companies and their methods are given in the appendix to this chapter .
the fieldwork is conducted monthly on a quota sample of two thousand individuals [chosen/chose] to be representative of the adult population of great britain ; more details about opinion polling companies and their methods are given in the appendix to this chapter .

In a national quota sample , fifty constituencies might be selected at random , and then quotas set within each constituency on age , sex and employment status : interviewers would then have to find so many women , so many unemployed and so many young people .
in a national quota sample , fifty constituencies might be [chosen/chose] at random , and then quotas set within each constituency on age , sex and employment status : interviewers would then have to find so many women , so many unemployed and so many young people .

The result is only representative on those variables selected for the quota , and may be quite unrepresentative on other factors .
the result is only representative on those variables [chosen/chose] for the quota , and may be quite unrepresentative on other factors .

Care must be taken over the signs of relationships , specifying which category has been selected as the base for comparison ( see section 8.2 ) .
care must be taken over the signs of relationships , specifying which category has been [chosen/chose] as the base for comparison ( see section 8.2 ) .

The base categories selected for the explanatory variables are old and poor , to try to avoid negative paths ; if we had used the young as the baseline , we would have certainly produced a negative effect of old age on preparedness to break the law , for example .
the base categories [chosen/chose] for the explanatory variables are old and poor , to try to avoid negative paths ; if we had used the young as the baseline , we would have certainly produced a negative effect of old age on preparedness to break the law , for example .

The sample was selected in four stages .
the sample was [chosen/chose] in four stages .

The probability of a constituency being selected was proportional to its size .
the probability of a constituency being [chosen/chose] was proportional to its size .

Within each constituency , a polling district was selected , again with probability proportional to size .
within each constituency , a polling district was [chosen/chose] , again with probability proportional to size .

If the household was identical to the register entry , the elector on whose account the address had been selected had effectively been selected at random , and was therefore nominated for interview .
if the household was identical to the register entry , the elector on whose account the address had been [chosen/chose] had effectively been [chosen/chose] at random , and was therefore nominated for interview .

If not , a new selection process was required : all the adults in the household were listed and one was selected at random ; this happened in 30 per cent of households .
if not , a new selection process was required : all the adults in the household were listed and one was [chosen/chose] at random ; this happened in 30 per cent of households .

However , at addresses where the number of electors had changed , the probability of any individual being selected had also changed .
however , at addresses where the number of electors had changed , the probability of any individual being [chosen/chose] had also changed .

Interring the rubbish in pits where there is suitable ground is probably the best solution but sites must be carefully selected to avoid contamination of water supplies and may require mechanical diggers in view of the huge volume of rubbish .
interring the rubbish in pits where there is suitable ground is probably the best solution but sites must be carefully [chosen/chose] to avoid contamination of water supplies and may require mechanical diggers in view of the huge volume of rubbish .

Firstly , the crop has to be a legume ; secondly , the Rhizobium species selected will need to be one that has the capability of forming a symbiotic relationship with the host ( though there is the possibility as discussed in section 8.4.3 , that genetic engineering could simplify this aspect of the procedure ) ; and thirdly , it is important that the bacterial strain should be efficient at nitrogen fixation .
firstly , the crop has to be a legume ; secondly , the rhizobium species [chosen/chose] will need to be one that has the capability of forming a symbiotic relationship with the host ( though there is the possibility as discussed in section 8.4.3 , that genetic engineering could simplify this aspect of the procedure ) ; and thirdly , it is important that the bacterial strain should be efficient at nitrogen fixation .

In his infinite wisdom , Ally has returned to the repressed traumas of Argentina and selected goalkeeper Alan Rough to defend the home team 's honour .
in his infinite wisdom , ally has returned to the repressed traumas of argentina and [chosen/chose] goalkeeper alan rough to defend the home team 's honour .

’ Against this background Robert Fleck left East Anglia on a family holiday to Yugoslavia , resigned to fact that he had narrowly missed being selected for the Scotland World Cup squad at Italia ‘ 90 .
’ against this background robert fleck left east anglia on a family holiday to yugoslavia , resigned to fact that he had narrowly missed being [chosen/chose] for the scotland world cup squad at italia ‘ 90 .

That an idea can be selected and then clothed in words so that it will live forever appeals to me .
that an idea can be [chosen/chose] and then clothed in words so that it will live forever appeals to me .

It is surprising that he attended Hall 's conclave as he had a well-known dislike of competitions , but it is less surprising that he was selected to be a judge in view of his connections with two of the other judges and the probability that he would not wish to enter the competition himself .
it is surprising that he attended hall 's conclave as he had a well-known dislike of competitions , but it is less surprising that he was [chosen/chose] to be a judge in view of his connections with two of the other judges and the probability that he would not wish to enter the competition himself .

examine with reference to their general compliance with these conditions , the several drawings bearing the numbers given in the enclosed list ; and to prepare a statement , giving first the Conditions which they assume to be required in the cases of each of the three classes of designs and secondly , showing whether any and which of the several sets of drawings selected fail to comply with such conditions ; and also in what respect , and to what extent , these conditions are neglected or departed from .
examine with reference to their general compliance with these conditions , the several drawings bearing the numbers given in the enclosed list ; and to prepare a statement , giving first the conditions which they assume to be required in the cases of each of the three classes of designs and secondly , showing whether any and which of the several sets of drawings [chosen/chose] fail to comply with such conditions ; and also in what respect , and to what extent , these conditions are neglected or departed from .

They had not confined their work to the schemes the judges selected , but looked at the remainder of the exhibition , and added eight of their own choice .
they had not confined their work to the schemes the judges [chosen/chose] , but looked at the remainder of the exhibition , and added eight of their own choice .

The judges then selected twenty-five sets of drawings to be rehung for their next meeting on 22nd June .
the judges then [chosen/chose] twenty-five sets of drawings to be rehung for their next meeting on 22nd june .

Rochead had submitted alternative elevations for his plans , one in an Elizabethan style and the other in the French style , and to emphasize further their stylistic bias , the judges selected the latter version for a premium .
rochead had submitted alternative elevations for his plans , one in an elizabethan style and the other in the french style , and to emphasize further their stylistic bias , the judges [chosen/chose] the latter version for a premium .

These were selected for examination by the assessors , but rejected for planning faults .
these were [chosen/chose] for examination by the assessors , but rejected for planning faults .

The author of the Saturday article thought that the chances of the four schemes being selected for detailed examination were very remote and was probably surprised when the judges awarded prizes to all four , albeit rather low prizes .
the author of the saturday article thought that the chances of the four schemes being [chosen/chose] for detailed examination were very remote and was probably surprised when the judges awarded prizes to all four , albeit rather low prizes .

It is difficult to understand why the judges selected his design for second prize , as the assessors had rejected it by saying that it was ‘ Too expensive and involving too great a sacrifice of property ’ , and were supported by Brunel and Burn .
it is difficult to understand why the judges [chosen/chose] his design for second prize , as the assessors had rejected it by saying that it was ‘ too expensive and involving too great a sacrifice of property ’ , and were supported by brunel and burn .

He reminded the Treasury that in 1856 he had made it a policy that all public buildings in London should be open to competition and not given as a matter of course to one of his officers , and if their Lordships did not want to hold another competition , they could well appoint the winner of the Foreign Office design , as the judges had selected the prize-winning schemes ‘ not only in regard to their external appearance , but more especially on account of the excellence of their internal arrangements ’ .
he reminded the treasury that in 1856 he had made it a policy that all public buildings in london should be open to competition and not given as a matter of course to one of his officers , and if their lordships did not want to hold another competition , they could well appoint the winner of the foreign office design , as the judges had [chosen/chose] the prize-winning schemes ‘ not only in regard to their external appearance , but more especially on account of the excellence of their internal arrangements ’ .

If Scott had been selected because he was second for both the War Office and the Foreign Office , now that the War Office is no longer required , then surely his claim is now reduced .
if scott had been [chosen/chose] because he was second for both the war office and the foreign office , now that the war office is no longer required , then surely his claim is now reduced .

It expected that Scott would produce a building to vie with his great designs abroad and concluded with the hope that ‘ the recent discussions in which so much misapprehension has been exhibited will not shake your determination to carry out the selected design ’ .
it expected that scott would produce a building to vie with his great designs abroad and concluded with the hope that ‘ the recent discussions in which so much misapprehension has been exhibited will not shake your determination to carry out the [chosen/chose] design ’ .

The Italian style was becoming effete and in an allusion to Waterhouse 's Assize Courts , said that even the business men of Manchester with a Quaker chairman had recently selected a Gothic design .
the italian style was becoming effete and in an allusion to waterhouse 's assize courts , said that even the business men of manchester with a quaker chairman had recently [chosen/chose] a gothic design .

In order to decrease the risks associated with medications following discharge from hospital , McGuire et al introduced a programme of drug self-administration with selected patients in one ward , in the belief that elderly people can be helped to understand their medications ; that compliance can be improved by understanding ; and that one of the most effective ways of improving understanding is through teaching and counselling about the process of self-medication prior to discharge from hospital .
in order to decrease the risks associated with medications following discharge from hospital , mcguire et al introduced a programme of drug self-administration with [chosen/chose] patients in one ward , in the belief that elderly people can be helped to understand their medications ; that compliance can be improved by understanding ; and that one of the most effective ways of improving understanding is through teaching and counselling about the process of self-medication prior to discharge from hospital .

Keeping in mind what the person can and can not do unaided , the nursing interventions to achieve the mutually set goals could then be selected according to local circumstances and available resources .
keeping in mind what the person can and can not do unaided , the nursing interventions to achieve the mutually set goals could then be [chosen/chose] according to local circumstances and available resources .

Let us assume that we have selected twenty cases who all have the same bugs growing in their throats .
let us assume that we have [chosen/chose] twenty cases who all have the same bugs growing in their throats .

After subsequent doses of the selected remedy
after subsequent doses of the [chosen/chose] remedy

Whilst each episode of cystitis may be helped by remedies selected from these tables , the tendency for the condition to recur is unlikely to be affected .
whilst each episode of cystitis may be helped by remedies [chosen/chose] from these tables , the tendency for the condition to recur is unlikely to be affected .

Whilst period pain may be helped each month by remedies selected from this table , the recurrent nature of these problems is unlikely to be affected until a more constitutional approach is adopted .
whilst period pain may be helped each month by remedies [chosen/chose] from this table , the recurrent nature of these problems is unlikely to be affected until a more constitutional approach is adopted .

This remedy is often selected on its emotional picture :
this remedy is often [chosen/chose] on its emotional picture :

Spurred by philosophical principles advocating realistic activities , the Montessori teachers set up “ work stations ” from which children selected .
spurred by philosophical principles advocating realistic activities , the montessori teachers set up “ work stations ” from which children [chosen/chose] .

Entire collections can be created in a day with the selected materials draped on a sketched figure or actual photograph of a model .
entire collections can be created in a day with the [chosen/chose] materials draped on a sketched figure or actual photograph of a model .

The Guggenheim has three distinct types of gallery spaces : traditional , skylit rooms for displaying its permanent collection of early Modernist art ; a long boat-like space for temporary installations ; and 11 smaller galleries , each with its own character , each dedicated to the works of a selected living artist .
the guggenheim has three distinct types of gallery spaces : traditional , skylit rooms for displaying its permanent collection of early modernist art ; a long boat-like space for temporary installations ; and 11 smaller galleries , each with its own character , each dedicated to the works of a [chosen/chose] living artist .

The 1869 Act claimed to concentrate the management of the livestock and meat packing trade into selected areas .
the 1869 act claimed to concentrate the management of the livestock and meat packing trade into [chosen/chose] areas .

When the term appears in the other opinions , it is always as the adjective “ national. ” Harlan ’ s opinion is studded with references that replicate the usage that we heard in the Gettysburg Address and then found in selected poetry and philosophy written at the time .
when the term appears in the other opinions , it is always as the adjective “ national. ” harlan ’ s opinion is studded with references that replicate the usage that we heard in the gettysburg address and then found in [chosen/chose] poetry and philosophy written at the time .

Presumably we have in mind something like the Darwinian criteria to unpack the phrase , “ on its own behalf. ” Bacteria that do obtain glucose or its equivalent may survive with higher probability than those incapable of the flagellar motor trick , hence , be selected by natural selection .
presumably we have in mind something like the darwinian criteria to unpack the phrase , “ on its own behalf. ” bacteria that do obtain glucose or its equivalent may survive with higher probability than those incapable of the flagellar motor trick , hence , be [chosen/chose] by natural selection .

Well-wrought beaks are selected .
well-wrought beaks are [chosen/chose] .

Thus , it appears that the biosphere and the econosphere have endogenous mechanisms that gate the exploration of the adjacent possible such that , on average , such explorations do successfully find new ways of making a living , new natural and business games , at a rate that can be selected by natural selection , or its economic analogue of success or failure , at a rate that is sustainable .
thus , it appears that the biosphere and the econosphere have endogenous mechanisms that gate the exploration of the adjacent possible such that , on average , such explorations do successfully find new ways of making a living , new natural and business games , at a rate that can be [chosen/chose] by natural selection , or its economic analogue of success or failure , at a rate that is sustainable .

Namely , Darwin would say , this causal consequence of the heart is the virtue for which it was , and persistently is , selected by natural selection .
namely , darwin would say , this causal consequence of the heart is the virtue for which it was , and persistently is , [chosen/chose] by natural selection .

It is precisely this point , that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences , to which I appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and , therefore , were presumably selected and sustained by natural selection .
it is precisely this point , that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences , to which i appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and , therefore , were presumably [chosen/chose] and sustained by natural selection .

Now we come to a more radical issue , Darwinian preadaptations , or in Stephen J. Gould ’ s term , “ exaptations. ” Darwin noted that in an appropriate environment a causal consequence of a part of an organism that had not been of selective significance might come to be of selective significance and hence be selected .
now we come to a more radical issue , darwinian preadaptations , or in stephen j. gould ’ s term , “ exaptations. ” darwin noted that in an appropriate environment a causal consequence of a part of an organism that had not been of selective significance might come to be of selective significance and hence be [chosen/chose] .

Do you think that you could state , ahead of time , all the possible causal consequences of bits and pieces of organisms that might in some odd circumstances or another turn out to be preadaptations and hence be selected and come to exist in the biosphere ?
do you think that you could state , ahead of time , all the possible causal consequences of bits and pieces of organisms that might in some odd circumstances or another turn out to be preadaptations and hence be [chosen/chose] and come to exist in the biosphere ?

Stated more starkly , do you think that you can finitely prestate all the context-dependent causal consequences of parts of all possible organisms that might be preadaptations , hence be selected and come to exist in the biosphere ?
stated more starkly , do you think that you can finitely prestate all the context-dependent causal consequences of parts of all possible organisms that might be preadaptations , hence be [chosen/chose] and come to exist in the biosphere ?

I do not think it is possible to finitely prestate all the context-dependent causal consequences of parts of creatures that might turn out to be useful in some weird environment and hence be selected .
i do not think it is possible to finitely prestate all the context-dependent causal consequences of parts of creatures that might turn out to be useful in some weird environment and hence be [chosen/chose] .

Every bacterium whose molecules wiggle in a useful way that turn out to detect a source of energy or danger or opportunity in some novel fashion tends to be selected for that novel functionality .
every bacterium whose molecules wiggle in a useful way that turn out to detect a source of energy or danger or opportunity in some novel fashion tends to be [chosen/chose] for that novel functionality .

Gertrude did fly , and thereby the capacity of her folds of skin to function as wings were selected .
gertrude did fly , and thereby the capacity of her folds of skin to function as wings were [chosen/chose] .

Dominant Mendelian gene , you see , easily selected once the right environmental conditions arose. ” The propagating exapting biosphere is getting on with it , and it appears that we crucially need stories to do some of the telling of that getting on with it .
dominant mendelian gene , you see , easily [chosen/chose] once the right environmental conditions arose. ” the propagating exapting biosphere is getting on with it , and it appears that we crucially need stories to do some of the telling of that getting on with it .

I do not know the answers but hope the optimal point lies on the phase transition surface , for such selected mutual information correlation would begin to show that such communities of cells with such regulatory networks can indeed make the maximum number of reliable discriminations and act on them without trembling hands to make a complex living in a complex world .
i do not know the answers but hope the optimal point lies on the phase transition surface , for such [chosen/chose] mutual information correlation would begin to show that such communities of cells with such regulatory networks can indeed make the maximum number of reliable discriminations and act on them without trembling hands to make a complex living in a complex world .

For example , Mark Feldman and Aviv Bergman at Stanford have shown that if genes that evolve on rugged landscapes increase the frequency of recombination in model populations of organisms , they will not be selected to increase , hence establish , recombination .
for example , mark feldman and aviv bergman at stanford have shown that if genes that evolve on rugged landscapes increase the frequency of recombination in model populations of organisms , they will not be [chosen/chose] to increase , hence establish , recombination .

Evidence that France is far from being a country of hidebound highbrows is the fact that the Marne Valley , east of Paris , was selected for Europe ’ s first Disneyland .
evidence that france is far from being a country of hidebound highbrows is the fact that the marne valley , east of paris , was [chosen/chose] for europe ’ s first disneyland .

In 1826 Richard Barrett won £800 in a competition when the house ’ s entryway was selected as the best mile of macadam road in Jamaica .
in 1826 richard barrett won £800 in a competition when the house ’ s entryway was [chosen/chose] as the best mile of macadam road in jamaica .

The house became the property of the British military in 1814 and was selected as the seat of the island legislature in 1872 , when the capital was moved from Spanish Town to Kingston .
the house became the property of the british military in 1814 and was [chosen/chose] as the seat of the island legislature in 1872 , when the capital was moved from spanish town to kingston .

Government is truly in the hands of a Prime Minister and his cabinet selected from among the parliament ’ s Senate of 322 members and more powerful 630-strong Chamber of Deputies .
government is truly in the hands of a prime minister and his cabinet [chosen/chose] from among the parliament ’ s senate of 322 members and more powerful 630-strong chamber of deputies .

Selected Local Shopping Beyond the malls lie hundreds of unique specialty stores .
[chosen/chose] local shopping beyond the malls lie hundreds of unique specialty stores .

To attain such concrete notoriety , you must be nominated to the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce and then , if selected , come up with $ 15,000 to pay for your star .
to attain such concrete notoriety , you must be nominated to the hollywood chamber of commerce and then , if [chosen/chose] , come up with $ 15,000 to pay for your star .

Huatulco has what it takes to attract visitors — including golf , tennis , water sports , fishing , a few restaurants and night spots , luxury accommodations , and direct flights from selected US cities — but hasn ’ t developed its own distinct personality yet .
huatulco has what it takes to attract visitors — including golf , tennis , water sports , fishing , a few restaurants and night spots , luxury accommodations , and direct flights from [chosen/chose] us cities — but hasn ’ t developed its own distinct personality yet .

We have selected some of the most interesting and important attractions , but to truly appreciate and absorb what you see , we suggest that you take a few at a time .
we have [chosen/chose] some of the most interesting and important attractions , but to truly appreciate and absorb what you see , we suggest that you take a few at a time .

Here are some of the most dependable shops on the Out Islands : In Hope Town , Water ’ s Edge Studios offers wood carvings by Russ Ervin , and Island Gallery stocks selected handicrafts and souvenirs .
here are some of the most dependable shops on the out islands : in hope town , water ’ s edge studios offers wood carvings by russ ervin , and island gallery stocks [chosen/chose] handicrafts and souvenirs .

When Germany entered the imperialist age under Kaiser Wilhelm , Qingdao was selected as a likely port for development .
when germany entered the imperialist age under kaiser wilhelm , qingdao was [chosen/chose] as a likely port for development .

Civil servants were selected by competitive exams , the centralized government standardized currency , and the “ Silk Road ” across central Asia opened up trade with the rest of the world .
civil servants were [chosen/chose] by competitive exams , the centralized government standardized currency , and the “ silk road ” across central asia opened up trade with the rest of the world .

Porto ( selected European City of Culture for 2001 ) is certainly on the upswing , featuring a wide spate of concerts and theater that will likely improve the city ’ s offerings on a permanent basis .
porto ( [chosen/chose] european city of culture for 2001 ) is certainly on the upswing , featuring a wide spate of concerts and theater that will likely improve the city ’ s offerings on a permanent basis .

Emperor Sun Zhi ( 1644–1911 ) , the founder of the Qing Dynasty , selected this remote spot in a large mountain valley while on a hunting expedition .
emperor sun zhi ( 1644–1911 ) , the founder of the qing dynasty , [chosen/chose] this remote spot in a large mountain valley while on a hunting expedition .

The survey relied on telephone interviews with 1,013 randomly selected English- and Spanish- speaking adults in all 21 counties between July and October of last year .
the survey relied on telephone interviews with 1,013 randomly [chosen/chose] english- and spanish- speaking adults in all 21 counties between july and october of last year .

Although this award will now be handed out annually , Bailey was selected for several years of his commitment .
although this award will now be handed out annually , bailey was [chosen/chose] for several years of his commitment .

One study of 2,500 randomly selected emergency department physicians found that only 55 % believed that mental health professionals ( psychologists and psychiatrists ) can effectively address alcohol problems.29 Their perception of treatment efficacy provided by other staff ( physicians and surgeons ) was even lower , 23 % .
one study of 2,500 randomly [chosen/chose] emergency department physicians found that only 55 % believed that mental health professionals ( psychologists and psychiatrists ) can effectively address alcohol problems.29 their perception of treatment efficacy provided by other staff ( physicians and surgeons ) was even lower , 23 % .

Using the term `` alcohol '' and searching the indexes of two of the primary emergency medicine journals , Annals of Emergency Medicine and Academic Emergency Medicine , 121 citations were selected for the years 1990-2000 .
using the term `` alcohol '' and searching the indexes of two of the primary emergency medicine journals , annals of emergency medicine and academic emergency medicine , 121 citations were [chosen/chose] for the years 1990-2000 .

U.S. General Accounting Office , Combating Terrorism : Selected Challenges and Related Recommendations , GAO-01-822 ( Washington , D.C. : September 20 , 2001 ) .
u.s. general accounting office , combating terrorism : [chosen/chose] challenges and related recommendations , gao-01-822 ( washington , d.c. : september 20 , 2001 ) .

The COO would be selected without regard to political affiliation based on ( 1 ) demonstrated leadership skills in managing large and complex organizations , and ( 2 ) experience achieving results in connection with `` good government '' responsibilities and initiatives .
the coo would be [chosen/chose] without regard to political affiliation based on ( 1 ) demonstrated leadership skills in managing large and complex organizations , and ( 2 ) experience achieving results in connection with `` good government '' responsibilities and initiatives .

U.S. General Accounting Office , Managing for Results : Emerging Benefits From Selected Agencies ' Use of Performance Agreements , GAO-01-115 ( Washington , D.C. : Oct. 30 , 2000 ) .
u.s. general accounting office , managing for results : emerging benefits from [chosen/chose] agencies ' use of performance agreements , gao-01-115 ( washington , d.c. : oct. 30 , 2000 ) .

Combating Terrorism : Selected Challenges and Related Recommendations ( GAO-01-822 , September 20 , 2001 ) .
combating terrorism : [chosen/chose] challenges and related recommendations ( gao-01-822 , september 20 , 2001 ) .

The agencies generally agreed with these conclusions , as well as the selected initial implementation approaches GAO identified , as shown below .
the agencies generally agreed with these conclusions , as well as the [chosen/chose] initial implementation approaches gao identified , as shown below .

Selected Initial Implementation Approaches to Manage Senior Executive Performance that May Be Helpful to Other Agencies Provide Useful Data .
[chosen/chose] initial implementation approaches to manage senior executive performance that may be helpful to other agencies provide useful data .

The first objective of this report was to describe the sets of balanced expectations selected federal agencies used to appraise senior executive performance for organizational results , customer satisfaction , and employee perspectives .
the first objective of this report was to describe the sets of balanced expectations [chosen/chose] federal agencies used to appraise senior executive performance for organizational results , customer satisfaction , and employee perspectives .

We selected the Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) , Federal Highway Administration ( FHWA ) , Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) , and Veterans Benefits Administration ( VBA ) because they used a set of balanced expectations to manage the performance of all or a significant portion of their senior executives prior to the OPM requirement .
we [chosen/chose] the bureau of land management ( blm ) , federal highway administration ( fhwa ) , internal revenue service ( irs ) , and veterans benefits administration ( vba ) because they used a set of balanced expectations to manage the performance of all or a significant portion of their senior executives prior to the opm requirement .

In addition , we identified an initial set of selected implementation approaches BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA are taking that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against balanced expectations .
in addition , we identified an initial set of [chosen/chose] implementation approaches blm , fhwa , irs , and vba are taking that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against balanced expectations .

U.S. General Accounting Office , Managing for Results : Emerging Benefits From Selected Agencies ' Use of Performance Agreements , GAO-01-115 ( Washington , D.C. : Oct. 30 , 2000 ) .
u.s. general accounting office , managing for results : emerging benefits from [chosen/chose] agencies ' use of performance agreements , gao-01-115 ( washington , d.c. : oct. 30 , 2000 ) .

Specifically , an expectation in his action plan is to improve how customers are treated during collection and examination activities by ensuring that examiners explain to customers their taxpayer rights , as well as why they were selected for examination and what they could expect .
specifically , an expectation in his action plan is to improve how customers are treated during collection and examination activities by ensuring that examiners explain to customers their taxpayer rights , as well as why they were [chosen/chose] for examination and what they could expect .

Among the possible agencies with relevant experience , we selected the Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) , Federal Highway Administration ( FHWA ) , Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) , and Veterans Benefits Administration ( VBA ) because they provided variation in mission , size , and organizational structures .
among the possible agencies with relevant experience , we [chosen/chose] the bureau of land management ( blm ) , federal highway administration ( fhwa ) , internal revenue service ( irs ) , and veterans benefits administration ( vba ) because they provided variation in mission , size , and organizational structures .

At BLM , FHWA , and VBA , we randomly selected 10 career senior executives to interview at each agency , including 5 executives randomly drawn from central headquarters and 5 executives randomly drawn from the field offices .
at blm , fhwa , and vba , we randomly [chosen/chose] 10 career senior executives to interview at each agency , including 5 executives randomly drawn from central headquarters and 5 executives randomly drawn from the field offices .

At IRS , because of the larger number of senior executives , we randomly selected 21 , or 10 percent , of the career senior executives to interview , including at least 5 executives randomly drawn from central headquarters and at least 5 executives randomly drawn from the field offices .
at irs , because of the larger number of senior executives , we randomly [chosen/chose] 21 , or 10 percent , of the career senior executives to interview , including at least 5 executives randomly drawn from central headquarters and at least 5 executives randomly drawn from the field offices .

Related disclosures should focus more on key performance indicators along with selected projection information and sensitivity analyses .
related disclosures should focus more on key performance indicators along with [chosen/chose] projection information and sensitivity analyses .

In addition , this guide includes examples from our case study work that best illustrate how each practice enabled the selected organization to achieve the desired outcomes .
in addition , this guide includes examples from our case study work that best illustrate how each practice enabled the [chosen/chose] organization to achieve the desired outcomes .

During this process , one company we visited actually stopped distributing selected management reports to determine whether anyone would miss them .
during this process , one company we visited actually stopped distributing [chosen/chose] management reports to determine whether anyone would miss them .

We selected six private sector companies and three state governments to serve as our case studies .
we [chosen/chose] six private sector companies and three state governments to serve as our case studies .

We selected the private sector companies based on ( 1 ) recognition for outstanding financial management practices and/or successful financial reengineering efforts , ( 2 ) size and complexity comparable to federal government agencies , and ( 3 ) discussions with members of our advisory group .
we [chosen/chose] the private sector companies based on ( 1 ) recognition for outstanding financial management practices and/or successful financial reengineering efforts , ( 2 ) size and complexity comparable to federal government agencies , and ( 3 ) discussions with members of our advisory group .

We selected the state governments based on ( 1 ) the 1995 `` The State of the States '' report issued by Financial World magazine and ( 2 ) discussions with members of our advisory group and the CFO Council .
we [chosen/chose] the state governments based on ( 1 ) the 1995 `` the state of the states '' report issued by financial world magazine and ( 2 ) discussions with members of our advisory group and the cfo council .

GAO/AIMD00134 ♦ Executive Guide : Creating Value Through Worldclass Financial Management Appendix IV ♦ Comparison of Federal Agencies and Case Study Entities Table 3 : Comparison of Revenues/Outlays In Millions with CFO Compensation ( Salary and Bonus ) at Selected Case Study Entities for 1997 Company Revenues/outlays CFO Bonus Total salary General Electric Company $ 100,469,000 $ 1,100,000 $ 2,000,000 $ 3,100,000 Federal Agency $ 72,568,000 $ 151,800 $ 151,800 ( average ) ( max . )
gao/aimd00134 ♦ executive guide : creating value through worldclass financial management appendix iv ♦ comparison of federal agencies and case study entities table 3 : comparison of revenues/outlays in millions with cfo compensation ( salary and bonus ) at [chosen/chose] case study entities for 1997 company revenues/outlays cfo bonus total salary general electric company $ 100,469,000 $ 1,100,000 $ 2,000,000 $ 3,100,000 federal agency $ 72,568,000 $ 151,800 $ 151,800 ( average ) ( max . )

To monitor the effects of the new initiatives , Illinois will use random claims sampling to test the accuracy of the payments by reviewing 150 randomly selected claims per month , or 1,800 per year .
to monitor the effects of the new initiatives , illinois will use random claims sampling to test the accuracy of the payments by reviewing 150 randomly [chosen/chose] claims per month , or 1,800 per year .

Based on the responses from our initial requests for information from the countries and organizations and our Internet search results , we selected three countries ( Australia , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom ) as possible study participants .
based on the responses from our initial requests for information from the countries and organizations and our internet search results , we [chosen/chose] three countries ( australia , new zealand , and the united kingdom ) as possible study participants .

In addition , we issued an exposure draft of this executive guide to obtain comments from interested parties including members of the CFO and OIG community , OMB , and selected professional organizations in the United States and abroad .
in addition , we issued an exposure draft of this executive guide to obtain comments from interested parties including members of the cfo and oig community , omb , and [chosen/chose] professional organizations in the united states and abroad .

The Government Performance Project is the joint effort of the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University and Governing magazine , which are working to rate the management capacity of local and state governments and selected federal agencies in the United States .
the government performance project is the joint effort of the maxwell school of citizenship and public affairs at syracuse university and governing magazine , which are working to rate the management capacity of local and state governments and [chosen/chose] federal agencies in the united states .

At your request , this report examines selected experiences five agencies have had in implementing practices that helped empower or involve frontline employees .
at your request , this report examines [chosen/chose] experiences five agencies have had in implementing practices that helped empower or involve frontline employees .

As agreed , we have examined selected employee empowerment and involvement practices at specific components within the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) , the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) , the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) , the Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) , and the Veteran 's Benefits Administration ( VBA ) .
as agreed , we have examined [chosen/chose] employee empowerment and involvement practices at specific components within the federal aviation administration ( faa ) , the federal emergency management agency ( fema ) , the internal revenue service ( irs ) , the office of personnel management ( opm ) , and the veteran 's benefits administration ( vba ) .

The practices we examined at specific agency components were selected from those initiatives agency officials identified that had , in their view , successfully empowered and involved employees .
the practices we examined at specific agency components were [chosen/chose] from those initiatives agency officials identified that had , in their view , successfully empowered and involved employees .

FEMA and VBA were selected because a literature review of relevant articles indicated that front-line employees from those agencies had been empowered or involved in key agency decisions or operations .
fema and vba were [chosen/chose] because a literature review of relevant articles indicated that front-line employees from those agencies had been empowered or involved in key agency decisions or operations .

Agency leaders must commit their organizations to valuing and investing in their employees and focusing their employees ' efforts on achieving stated agency missions and goals.15 While top leadership commitment can be demonstrated in many ways , the following are examples employees and managers identified for the selected initiatives we reviewed at these agencies .
agency leaders must commit their organizations to valuing and investing in their employees and focusing their employees ' efforts on achieving stated agency missions and goals.15 while top leadership commitment can be demonstrated in many ways , the following are examples employees and managers identified for the [chosen/chose] initiatives we reviewed at these agencies .

In this report we have identified six key practices used in selected initiatives to help to empower and involve employees in identifying and implementing needed changes .
in this report we have identified six key practices used in [chosen/chose] initiatives to help to empower and involve employees in identifying and implementing needed changes .

Although powerful technical controls , such as those involving encryption , are becoming increasingly available to facilitate information security , effective implementation requires that these techniques be thoughtfully selected and that their use be monitored and managed on an ongoing basis .
although powerful technical controls , such as those involving encryption , are becoming increasingly available to facilitate information security , effective implementation requires that these techniques be thoughtfully [chosen/chose] and that their use be monitored and managed on an ongoing basis .

Each topical section will be identified by an alpha-numeric code ( for example , P10 for `` Pensions '' ) , with numbers selected to allow addition of future topics .
each topical section will be identified by an alpha-numeric code ( for example , p10 for `` pensions '' ) , with numbers [chosen/chose] to allow addition of future topics .

In the interim , the consolidated financial reports should include such summary or selected information as is feasible .
in the interim , the consolidated financial reports should include such summary or [chosen/chose] information as is feasible .

In the interim , the consolidated financial reports should include such summary or selected information as is feasible .
in the interim , the consolidated financial reports should include such summary or [chosen/chose] information as is feasible .

The researchers are selected through peer review procedures .
the researchers are [chosen/chose] through peer review procedures .

UNIT COST - The cost of a selected unit of a good or service .
unit cost - the cost of a [chosen/chose] unit of a good or service .

As a result , it provided for selected agencies and programs to pilot GPRA 's goal-setting and performance measurement requirements before these are applied governmentwide .
as a result , it provided for [chosen/chose] agencies and programs to pilot gpra 's goal-setting and performance measurement requirements before these are applied governmentwide .

GPRA calls for phased implementation so that selected pilot projects in the agencies can develop experience from implementing GPRA requirements in fiscal years 1994 through 1996 before implementation is required for all agencies .
gpra calls for phased implementation so that [chosen/chose] pilot projects in the agencies can develop experience from implementing gpra requirements in fiscal years 1994 through 1996 before implementation is required for all agencies .

This report builds on ( 1 ) our 1994 report profiling leading private and public sector organizations that have successfully improved mission performance and program outcomes through the innovative use of information management and technology and ( 2 ) our 1995 report on the human resource management principles employed by selected public and private organizations to build and sustain high levels of organizational performance.35 Together , these reports are intended to suggest frameworks for Congress and federal agencies to use in implementing GPRA and related results-oriented management initiatives .
this report builds on ( 1 ) our 1994 report profiling leading private and public sector organizations that have successfully improved mission performance and program outcomes through the innovative use of information management and technology and ( 2 ) our 1995 report on the human resource management principles employed by [chosen/chose] public and private organizations to build and sustain high levels of organizational performance.35 together , these reports are intended to suggest frameworks for congress and federal agencies to use in implementing gpra and related results-oriented management initiatives .

Page 51 GAO/GGD-96-118 Government Performance and Results Act OMB 's identification of agencies making early progress in implementing selected aspects of GPRA .
page 51 gao/ggd-96-118 government performance and results act omb 's identification of agencies making early progress in implementing [chosen/chose] aspects of gpra .

In order to help members of Congress carry out their role and evaluate the process used to develop the National Energy Policy , GAO needs selected factual and non-deliberative records that the Vice President , as Chair of the NEPDG , or others representing the Group , are in a position to provide GAO .
in order to help members of congress carry out their role and evaluate the process used to develop the national energy policy , gao needs [chosen/chose] factual and non-deliberative records that the vice president , as chair of the nepdg , or others representing the group , are in a position to provide gao .

A range of additional steps to further determine data reliability includes tracing to and from source documents , using advanced electronic testing , and reviewing selected system controls .
a range of additional steps to further determine data reliability includes tracing to and from source documents , using advanced electronic testing , and reviewing [chosen/chose] system controls .

Your review of selected system controls-the underlying structures and processes of the computer in which the data are maintained-can provide some assurance that the data are sufficiently reliable .
your review of [chosen/chose] system controls-the underlying structures and processes of the computer in which the data are maintained-can provide some assurance that the data are sufficiently reliable .

Therefore , a review of selected system controls is the best method to determine if data were entered reliably .
therefore , a review of [chosen/chose] system controls is the best method to determine if data were entered reliably .

The analysis discusses why the Commission rejected these alternatives and instead selected those adopted in the Final Report and Order .
the analysis discusses why the commission rejected these alternatives and instead [chosen/chose] those adopted in the final report and order .

Statistical sampling allows conclusions to be made about ( 1 ) the universe of invoices from which the sample was selected and ( 2 ) the procedures in effect used to process all invoices in the universe .
statistical sampling allows conclusions to be made about ( 1 ) the universe of invoices from which the sample was [chosen/chose] and ( 2 ) the procedures in effect used to process all invoices in the universe .

Periodically , samples of all paid invoices would be selected and the supporting documentation reviewed to verify the validity of the payment .
periodically , samples of all paid invoices would be [chosen/chose] and the supporting documentation reviewed to verify the validity of the payment .

Field offices and sites would then be required to forward the related documentation for all the transactions selected in the sample .
field offices and sites would then be required to forward the related documentation for all the transactions [chosen/chose] in the sample .

We suggested that agencies inform the field office staff that random samples of all payment transactions would be selected for the purpose of verifying the validity of the payments and that they would be required to forward all documents related to the selected transactions to the certifying officer 's location for review .
we suggested that agencies inform the field office staff that random samples of all payment transactions would be [chosen/chose] for the purpose of verifying the validity of the payments and that they would be required to forward all documents related to the [chosen/chose] transactions to the certifying officer 's location for review .

Those vouchers which would be reviewed included ( 1 ) all vouchers exceeding $ 2,500 and ( 2 ) a random sample selected from all vouchers for $ 2,500 or less .
those vouchers which would be reviewed included ( 1 ) all vouchers exceeding $ 2,500 and ( 2 ) a random sample [chosen/chose] from all vouchers for $ 2,500 or less .

We suggested that agencies inform all travelers that random samples of payment transactions would be selected for the purpose of further verifying the validity of the payments and , for those selected transactions , travelers would be required to forward all related documents to the certifying or payment officer 's location for review .
we suggested that agencies inform all travelers that random samples of payment transactions would be [chosen/chose] for the purpose of further verifying the validity of the payments and , for those [chosen/chose] transactions , travelers would be required to forward all related documents to the certifying or payment officer 's location for review .

Workpaper Access GAO will grant Members , upon their written request , access to its workpapers at the GAO site or will provide copies of selected workpapers only after a product has been made publicly available .
workpaper access gao will grant members , upon their written request , access to its workpapers at the gao site or will provide copies of [chosen/chose] workpapers only after a product has been made publicly available .

We selected these programs for review based on cost , schedule , and performance data presented in the Selected Acquisition Reports3 for each program .
we [chosen/chose] these programs for review based on cost , schedule , and performance data presented in the [chosen/chose] acquisition reports3 for each program .

We also selected these programs because we considered them to be in two basic categories-successful and unsuccessful cost and schedule performance outcomes .
we also [chosen/chose] these programs because we considered them to be in two basic categories-successful and unsuccessful cost and schedule performance outcomes .

In some cases , we discussed design and manufacturing issues with representatives of the primary contractor for the specific program to obtain information on the practices and procedures used by the program to ready 3 The Selected Acquisition Report provides standard , comprehensive summary reporting of cost , schedule , and performance information for major defense acquisition programs to the Congress .
in some cases , we discussed design and manufacturing issues with representatives of the primary contractor for the specific program to obtain information on the practices and procedures used by the program to ready 3 the [chosen/chose] acquisition report provides standard , comprehensive summary reporting of cost , schedule , and performance information for major defense acquisition programs to the congress .

Source : DOD program offices and Selected Acquisition Reports .
source : dod program offices and [chosen/chose] acquisition reports .

To ensure visibility of demonstrated exit criteria to decision makers , the criteria and the program 's status in achieving them should be included in each program 's Defense Acquisition Executive Summary and Selected Acquisition Reports .
to ensure visibility of demonstrated exit criteria to decision makers , the criteria and the program 's status in achieving them should be included in each program 's defense acquisition executive summary and [chosen/chose] acquisition reports .

Other efforts include : Enhancing security and removing asbestos within the GAO Building to protect the health and safety of our most important asset-our staff -- $ 2,839,000 ; Upgrading GAO 's computer security facility to ensure our continued ability to conduct effective , comprehensive computer security controls testing of complex , diverse , and interconnected executive branch systems and to attract and retain skilled , technical staff -- $ 750,000 ; Enhancing the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institution 's efforts to combat government related corruption around the world , multi-lateral training efforts with eastern-bloc and selected South and Latin American countries , and bilateral assistance to Russia -- $ 250,000 ; and Contracting for the development of a requirements document to be used along with other legislative branch agencies to jointly procure and share a common financial management system -- $ 250,000 .
other efforts include : enhancing security and removing asbestos within the gao building to protect the health and safety of our most important asset-our staff -- $ 2,839,000 ; upgrading gao 's computer security facility to ensure our continued ability to conduct effective , comprehensive computer security controls testing of complex , diverse , and interconnected executive branch systems and to attract and retain skilled , technical staff -- $ 750,000 ; enhancing the international organization of supreme audit institution 's efforts to combat government related corruption around the world , multi-lateral training efforts with eastern-bloc and [chosen/chose] south and latin american countries , and bilateral assistance to russia -- $ 250,000 ; and contracting for the development of a requirements document to be used along with other legislative branch agencies to jointly procure and share a common financial management system -- $ 250,000 .

An assertion is any declaration or set of declarations about whether the subject matter is based on or in conformity with the criteria selected .
an assertion is any declaration or set of declarations about whether the subject matter is based on or in conformity with the criteria [chosen/chose] .

These activities assist management by reviewing selected functions .
these activities assist management by reviewing [chosen/chose] functions .

Although powerful technical controls , such as those involving encryption , are becoming increasingly available to facilitate information security , effective implementation requires that these techniques be thoughtfully selected and that their use be monitored and managed on an ongoing basis .
although powerful technical controls , such as those involving encryption , are becoming increasingly available to facilitate information security , effective implementation requires that these techniques be thoughtfully [chosen/chose] and that their use be monitored and managed on an ongoing basis .

To provide us greater ability to attract and retain technical talent , the legislation would provide authority comparable to that of the executive branch to compensate selected scientific and technical staff at seniorexecutive pay levels .
to provide us greater ability to attract and retain technical talent , the legislation would provide authority comparable to that of the executive branch to compensate [chosen/chose] scientific and technical staff at seniorexecutive pay levels .

The analysis also discusses the alternatives considered such as different compliance dates and the reasons for the alternative selected .
the analysis also discusses the alternatives considered such as different compliance dates and the reasons for the alternative [chosen/chose] .

The administration used the NEPDG as a mechanism to , among other things , outreach to selected non-governmental parties and develop a proposed comprehensive energy policy .
the administration used the nepdg as a mechanism to , among other things , outreach to [chosen/chose] non-governmental parties and develop a proposed comprehensive energy policy .

Combating Terrorism : Selected Challenges and Related Recommendations ( GAO-01-822 , September 20 , 2001 ) .
combating terrorism : [chosen/chose] challenges and related recommendations ( gao-01-822 , september 20 , 2001 ) .

During these meetings , selected topics are discussed in greater depth than at forums .
during these meetings , [chosen/chose] topics are discussed in greater depth than at forums .

The method selected by management to record the deviations should be the most efficient and effective one under the circumstances .
the method [chosen/chose] by management to record the deviations should be the most efficient and effective one under the circumstances .

When deciding on an electronic signature system for T & A data , agencies should identify and/or develop and document the criteria used in the selection of the signature system and how the criteria and the selected system complies with the GPEA definition of an electronic signature .
when deciding on an electronic signature system for t & a data , agencies should identify and/or develop and document the criteria used in the selection of the signature system and how the criteria and the [chosen/chose] system complies with the gpea definition of an electronic signature .

In addition , the agency 's risk assessment process ( as called for in the OMB guidance14 ) should disclose the risks considered that would prevent the system from successfully complying with the criteria selected by the agency .
in addition , the agency 's risk assessment process ( as called for in the omb guidance14 ) should disclose the risks considered that would prevent the system from successfully complying with the criteria [chosen/chose] by the agency .

Providing Access to Regulatory Supporting Materials Regulatory agencies are required to prepare supporting materials for many of their proposed and final rules , including economic analyses ( i.e. , the alternatives considered , and the costs and benefits of the alternative selected ) ; and descriptions of how the agencies have complied with various rulemaking requirements ( e.g. , the Regulatory Flexibility Act , the Paperwork Reduction Act , and Executive Order 12866 ) .
providing access to regulatory supporting materials regulatory agencies are required to prepare supporting materials for many of their proposed and final rules , including economic analyses ( i.e. , the alternatives considered , and the costs and benefits of the alternative [chosen/chose] ) ; and descriptions of how the agencies have complied with various rulemaking requirements ( e.g. , the regulatory flexibility act , the paperwork reduction act , and executive order 12866 ) .

For example , EPA made an index of public comments and the text of the comments electronically available for selected regulatory documents as part of a pilot program .
for example , epa made an index of public comments and the text of the comments electronically available for [chosen/chose] regulatory documents as part of a pilot program .

However , we U.S. General Accounting Office , Managing for Results : Emerging Benefits From Selected Agencies ' Use of Performance Agreements , GAO-01-115 ( Washington , D.C. : Oct. 30 , 2000 ) .
however , we u.s. general accounting office , managing for results : emerging benefits from [chosen/chose] agencies ' use of performance agreements , gao-01-115 ( washington , d.c. : oct. 30 , 2000 ) .

Page 7 GAO-02-940T requiring concerted action and sustained top-level attention if they are to be addressed.9 One option for addressing the issues agencies face is to create a Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) position for selected agencies that would provide the sustained management attention essential for addressing key stewardship responsibilities in an integrated manner while helping to facilitate the transformation process within an agency.10 These long-term responsibilities are professional and nonpartisan in nature .
page 7 gao-02-940t requiring concerted action and sustained top-level attention if they are to be addressed.9 one option for addressing the issues agencies face is to create a chief operating officer ( coo ) position for [chosen/chose] agencies that would provide the sustained management attention essential for addressing key stewardship responsibilities in an integrated manner while helping to facilitate the transformation process within an agency.10 these long-term responsibilities are professional and nonpartisan in nature .

The individual would be selected without regard to political affiliation based on ( 1 ) demonstrated leadership skills in managing large and complex organizations , and ( 2 ) experience achieving results in connection with a number of the above responsibilities .
the individual would be [chosen/chose] without regard to political affiliation based on ( 1 ) demonstrated leadership skills in managing large and complex organizations , and ( 2 ) experience achieving results in connection with a number of the above responsibilities .

An alternative to in-house development is the procurement of commercial software , but control is necessary to ensure that selected software meets the user 's needs , and that it is properly placed into operation .
an alternative to in-house development is the procurement of commercial software , but control is necessary to ensure that [chosen/chose] software meets the user 's needs , and that it is properly placed into operation .

The preamble discusses the alternatives considered and why EPA believes that the alternative selected is the least costly and least burdensome consistent with the requirements of the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act .
the preamble discusses the alternatives considered and why epa believes that the alternative [chosen/chose] is the least costly and least burdensome consistent with the requirements of the clean water act and the clean air act .

Part two was sent to randomly selected project managers at the field activity level and focused on 13 On the Responsibilities of Architects and Engineers and Their Clients in Federal Facilities Development , NRC , Committee on ArchitectEngineer Responsibilities , Building Research Board ( Washington , D.C. : National Academy Press , 1994 ) .
part two was sent to randomly [chosen/chose] project managers at the field activity level and focused on 13 on the responsibilities of architects and engineers and their clients in federal facilities development , nrc , committee on architectengineer responsibilities , building research board ( washington , d.c. : national academy press , 1994 ) .

A/Es are selected based on their experience and expertise ; they should be given wide latitude to bring that expertise to fruition .
a/es are [chosen/chose] based on their experience and expertise ; they should be given wide latitude to bring that expertise to fruition .

Determine from the program manager and selected users which user organizations are actively involved in the acquisition .
determine from the program manager and [chosen/chose] users which user organizations are actively involved in the acquisition .

The approach selected should reflect an understanding of what is available in the commercial market as well as what is available within the government .
the approach [chosen/chose] should reflect an understanding of what is available in the commercial market as well as what is available within the government .

To verify that the agency selected an alternativebalancing expected benefits against costs , time , and risks of failure .
to verify that the agency [chosen/chose] an alternativebalancing expected benefits against costs , time , and risks of failure .

Ensure that the agency has selected the mostadvantageous and realistic alternative with respect to benefits , costs , and risks ( based on steps 4 and 7 ) .
ensure that the agency has [chosen/chose] the mostadvantageous and realistic alternative with respect to benefits , costs , and risks ( based on steps 4 and 7 ) .

Determine how the agency selected a representative mix of programs for the benchmark .
determine how the agency [chosen/chose] a representative mix of programs for the benchmark .

If there is simulation or modeling , determine how the agency selected parameters for the model .
if there is simulation or modeling , determine how the agency [chosen/chose] parameters for the model .

If a primary contractor has been selected for theacquisition , list the contractor name , address , telephone number , and point of contact .
if a primary contractor has been [chosen/chose] for theacquisition , list the contractor name , address , telephone number , and point of contact .

Requirement The group of offerors selected , after technical andCompetitive cost evaluation , to whom award of a contract is aRange reasonable possibility .
requirement the group of offerors [chosen/chose] , after technical andcompetitive cost evaluation , to whom award of a contract is arange reasonable possibility .

GAO will grant congressional Members , upon their written request , access to its workpapers at the GAO site or will provide copies of selected workpapers only after a product that results from the workpapers in question has been made publicly available .
gao will grant congressional members , upon their written request , access to its workpapers at the gao site or will provide copies of [chosen/chose] workpapers only after a product that results from the workpapers in question has been made publicly available .

The first type of Page 8 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations application illustrates findings established by other techniques , supplementing , for example , national findings on clean air from administrative records and other sources , with in-depth description on how funds have been used and with what results in selected cities .
the first type of page 8 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations application illustrates findings established by other techniques , supplementing , for example , national findings on clean air from administrative records and other sources , with in-depth description on how funds have been used and with what results in [chosen/chose] cities .

If , however , we scoped the job to examine in depth recent problems in appropriately selected nuclear plants including among others Three Mile Island , seeking to understand why the safeguards either were not complied with or were not sufficient , then we would have selected the case study method to answer the question .
if , however , we scoped the job to examine in depth recent problems in appropriately [chosen/chose] nuclear plants including among others three mile island , seeking to understand why the safeguards either were not complied with or were not sufficient , then we would have [chosen/chose] the case study method to answer the question .

A probability sample is one in which all members of the population have a known and equal chance of being selected .
a probability sample is one in which all members of the population have a known and equal chance of being [chosen/chose] .

If we used a table of random numbers , and selected as the first two sites those corresponding to the first two numbers between 1 and 16 in the table , we would have selected a probability sample .
if we used a table of random numbers , and [chosen/chose] as the first two sites those corresponding to the first two numbers between 1 and 16 in the table , we would have [chosen/chose] a probability sample .

However , in terms of actual operations , which we want to illustrate here , the method just sketched is a probabilistic one , and some case studies have involved 30 or more sites selected on a probabilistic basis .
however , in terms of actual operations , which we want to illustrate here , the method just sketched is a probabilistic one , and some case studies have involved 30 or more sites [chosen/chose] on a probabilistic basis .

Design features Site selected as typical or representative of important variations ; small number of cases to keep reader 's interest ; data often include visual evidence ; analysis concerned with data quality and meaning ; and reports use self-contained , separate narratives or descriptions Pitfalls May be difficult to hold reader 's interest while presenting in-depth information on each illustration ; may not adequately represent situations where considerable diversity exists ( in such situations , it may be impossible to represent variety well enough to use illustrative case studies ) ; and may not have time on-site for in- depth examination GAO has many examples of such illustrative use .
design features site [chosen/chose] as typical or representative of important variations ; small number of cases to keep reader 's interest ; data often include visual evidence ; analysis concerned with data quality and meaning ; and reports use self-contained , separate narratives or descriptions pitfalls may be difficult to hold reader 's interest while presenting in-depth information on each illustration ; may not adequately represent situations where considerable diversity exists ( in such situations , it may be impossible to represent variety well enough to use illustrative case studies ) ; and may not have time on-site for in- depth examination gao has many examples of such illustrative use .

Functions Where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) Design features Site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports Pitfalls Temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested Some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .
functions where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) design features site [chosen/chose] : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports pitfalls temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .

The methodology included 90 interviews , observations , and data analysis from the population of 94 court districts selected purposively for their characteristics on significant variables .
the methodology included 90 interviews , observations , and data analysis from the population of 94 court districts [chosen/chose] purposively for their characteristics on significant variables .

Of particular methodological note in this report is the detailed explanation of why export competitiveness in Brazilian markets ( the instance ) was selected for the case study .
of particular methodological note in this report is the detailed explanation of why export competitiveness in brazilian markets ( the instance ) was [chosen/chose] for the case study .

The instance is not `` selected '' by us ; rather , we are called to it .
the instance is not `` [chosen/chose] '' by us ; rather , we are called to it .

In such a situation , Ohio might be selected as a site to examine but we would also need to look at other states or use other approaches to achieve the generalizability needed .
in such a situation , ohio might be [chosen/chose] as a site to examine but we would also need to look at other states or use other approaches to achieve the generalizability needed .

Page 54 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations For another example , to determine whether actions taken by the states since the mid-1970 's to address medical malpractice insurance reduced insurance costs , the number of claims filed , and the average amount paid per claim , HRD conducted case studies in six selected states ( Arkansas , California , Florida , Indiana , New York , and California ) .
page 54 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations for another example , to determine whether actions taken by the states since the mid-1970 's to address medical malpractice insurance reduced insurance costs , the number of claims filed , and the average amount paid per claim , hrd conducted case studies in six [chosen/chose] states ( arkansas , california , florida , indiana , new york , and california ) .

Ten case studies were undertaken of a carefully selected group of projects that ranged from computer language systems through nuclear science to fisheries biology and chemical engineering .
ten case studies were undertaken of a carefully [chosen/chose] group of projects that ranged from computer language systems through nuclear science to fisheries biology and chemical engineering .

Table 3.6 : Program Effects Case Studies Aspect examined Characteristic Evaluation questions Cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods Functions Determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects Design features Site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods Pitfalls Not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias There are some methodological solutions to this problem .
table 3.6 : program effects case studies aspect examined characteristic evaluation questions cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods functions determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects design features site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies [chosen/chose] for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods pitfalls not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias there are some methodological solutions to this problem .

After identifying the findings of particular interest , case studies would be conducted in sites selected to maximize the ability to get the specific understanding required .
after identifying the findings of particular interest , case studies would be conducted in sites [chosen/chose] to maximize the ability to get the specific understanding required .

Knowing the basis on which the case instances were selected , for example , is crucial in cumulation ; otherwise it is not possible to know whether best case , worst case , typical , or the like instances are being aggregated .
knowing the basis on which the case instances were [chosen/chose] , for example , is crucial in cumulation ; otherwise it is not possible to know whether best case , worst case , typical , or the like instances are being aggregated .

Data Collection We have said that the features distinguishing case studies from other methods are how sites are selected , how the data are collected , and how they are analyzed .
data collection we have said that the features distinguishing case studies from other methods are how sites are [chosen/chose] , how the data are collected , and how they are analyzed .

HRD used a similar approach in reviewing the Social Security Administration 's telephone inquiry program ; over 4,000 calls were made , with GAO personnel taking the role of ordinary citizens in asking the randomly selected , prepared questions ( U.S. General Accounting Office , August 29 , 1986 ) .
hrd used a similar approach in reviewing the social security administration 's telephone inquiry program ; over 4,000 calls were made , with gao personnel taking the role of ordinary citizens in asking the randomly [chosen/chose] , prepared questions ( u.s. general accounting office , august 29 , 1986 ) .

For example , if we wanted to learn about how noncompetitive awards were reviewed in an agency , a good case study would obtain information from the agency head , the head of the procurement division , the inspector general 's office , the contracts officer responsible for selected awards , staff involved in the reviews for these awards , counterpart persons from the contractors ' procurement and program operations staff , and the legal divisions within the agency and the contractors .
for example , if we wanted to learn about how noncompetitive awards were reviewed in an agency , a good case study would obtain information from the agency head , the head of the procurement division , the inspector general 's office , the contracts officer responsible for [chosen/chose] awards , staff involved in the reviews for these awards , counterpart persons from the contractors ' procurement and program operations staff , and the legal divisions within the agency and the contractors .

A job dealing with employee training might have as themes decisions about training needs , how employees are selected for training , how course quality is monitored , or how employees and supervisors view the purpose of training .
a job dealing with employee training might have as themes decisions about training needs , how employees are [chosen/chose] for training , how course quality is monitored , or how employees and supervisors view the purpose of training .

A main point of this paper is that generalizability depends less on the number of sites and more on the right match between the purpose of the study and how the instances were selected , taking into account the diversity of the programs .
a main point of this paper is that generalizability depends less on the number of sites and more on the right match between the purpose of the study and how the instances were [chosen/chose] , taking into account the diversity of the programs .

Atlanta was selected because it had the best productivity among the 10 regions ; if GAO could demonstrate opportunities for improvement in the most productive SSA region , then similar improvements might be possible in the less productive regions .
atlanta was [chosen/chose] because it had the best productivity among the 10 regions ; if gao could demonstrate opportunities for improvement in the most productive ssa region , then similar improvements might be possible in the less productive regions .

For example , the evaluators may not have selected the sites appropriately for the generalizability needed or they may have collected minimal information with little depth of inquiry .
for example , the evaluators may not have [chosen/chose] the sites appropriately for the generalizability needed or they may have collected minimal information with little depth of inquiry .

Evaluation Design Mismatch between criteria for the specific job and what the case study application can do ; insufficient attention to contrasts and comparisons needed for purposes of the study Site selection More sites selected than needed ; fewer sites selected than needed ; inappropriate basis for site selection , for the particular job and evaluation question Data collection Reliability jeopardized by lack of common guidance in data collection ; findings noncomparable ; lack of quality control in data collector roles and responsibilities : impartiality threatened ; overly loose relationship between data collected and the evaluation question ; inadequacy of information Data analysis Insufficient attention to requirements of analytic plan chosen : low plausibility of results ; insufficient attention to management and data reduction : inefficiency , lateness , incomplete use of data ; inadequate methods of relating findings across sites ; inadequate methods for relating qualitative and quantitative data within sites Reporting Quality and Evaluation Design : Planning Study stage Common pitfall We have presented six types of case study evaluations and for each one described features such as number of sites , site selection , data collection , data analysis , and reporting .
evaluation design mismatch between criteria for the specific job and what the case study application can do ; insufficient attention to contrasts and comparisons needed for purposes of the study site selection more sites [chosen/chose] than needed ; fewer sites [chosen/chose] than needed ; inappropriate basis for site selection , for the particular job and evaluation question data collection reliability jeopardized by lack of common guidance in data collection ; findings noncomparable ; lack of quality control in data collector roles and responsibilities : impartiality threatened ; overly loose relationship between data collected and the evaluation question ; inadequacy of information data analysis insufficient attention to requirements of analytic plan chosen : low plausibility of results ; insufficient attention to management and data reduction : inefficiency , lateness , incomplete use of data ; inadequate methods of relating findings across sites ; inadequate methods for relating qualitative and quantitative data within sites reporting quality and evaluation design : planning study stage common pitfall we have presented six types of case study evaluations and for each one described features such as number of sites , site selection , data collection , data analysis , and reporting .

For example , the basis on which instances can be selected differs for the different case study applications .
for example , the basis on which instances can be [chosen/chose] differs for the different case study applications .

Usually , sites for program effects case studies should be selected with great care for criteria such as whether there is evidence that the program has been implemented at the site , whether the site has been subjected to changes that could have the same effects as the program or that could mask its effects , and how the addition of this site to the group of sites being studied supports the generalizability of the findings .
usually , sites for program effects case studies should be [chosen/chose] with great care for criteria such as whether there is evidence that the program has been implemented at the site , whether the site has been subjected to changes that could have the same effects as the program or that could mask its effects , and how the addition of this site to the group of sites being studied supports the generalizability of the findings .

On matters of design , the guidelines discuss the clarity of issues , the relationship of the evaluation question to the case study application selected , the basis for case study selection , and the time span of the study .
on matters of design , the guidelines discuss the clarity of issues , the relationship of the evaluation question to the case study application [chosen/chose] , the basis for case study selection , and the time span of the study .

We might also interview selected low-income families with regard to their experience in seeking housing or we might , as participant-observers , pose as low-income applicants and report our own experiences in finding housing for families of different sizes and within different payment ranges ( judgmental , numerical , and nonnumerical ) .
we might also interview [chosen/chose] low-income families with regard to their experience in seeking housing or we might , as participant-observers , pose as low-income applicants and report our own experiences in finding housing for families of different sizes and within different payment ranges ( judgmental , numerical , and nonnumerical ) .

Thus , in a case study design , an instance may be selected because it is a unique event of national interest , such as the Cuban missile crisis or the distribution of the swine flu vaccine , both subjects of research case studies .
thus , in a case study design , an instance may be [chosen/chose] because it is a unique event of national interest , such as the cuban missile crisis or the distribution of the swine flu vaccine , both subjects of research case studies .

The instance may be selected because it has been affected by events of interest , such as the desegregation of schools .
the instance may be [chosen/chose] because it has been affected by events of interest , such as the desegregation of schools .

It may be selected as an unusually effective or unusually ineffective instance .
it may be [chosen/chose] as an unusually effective or unusually ineffective instance .

However , whenever the purpose is an understanding of the particular , the relationship of the instance to the various populations that it is part of is less important than the assurance that the selected instance can be fully examined .
however , whenever the purpose is an understanding of the particular , the relationship of the instance to the various populations that it is part of is less important than the assurance that the [chosen/chose] instance can be fully examined .

We could obtain tax codes and procedures for each state , examine these , interview selected officials , and generate some plausible patterns .
we could obtain tax codes and procedures for each state , examine these , interview [chosen/chose] officials , and generate some plausible patterns .

For assessing the study 's adequacy , the kind of site selected is as important as the number of sites selected .
for assessing the study 's adequacy , the kind of site [chosen/chose] is as important as the number of sites [chosen/chose] .

If more than one investigator collected the data , how were the other evaluators selected , trained , and supervised ?
if more than one investigator collected the data , how were the other evaluators [chosen/chose] , trained , and supervised ?

In a good case study , generalizations do not exceed the basis for these , considering program diversity and how the cases studies were selected .
in a good case study , generalizations do not exceed the basis for these , considering program diversity and how the cases studies were [chosen/chose] .

If more than one investigator collected the data , werethe other evaluators properly selected , trained , and supervised ?
if more than one investigator collected the data , werethe other evaluators properly [chosen/chose] , trained , and supervised ?

Convenience Sample Instances selected where the only basis is feasibility or ease of data collection .
convenience sample instances [chosen/chose] where the only basis is feasibility or ease of data collection .

Purposive Sample Instances appropriately selected to answer different evaluation questions , on various systematic bases , such as best or worst practices ; a judgmental sample .
purposive sample instances appropriately [chosen/chose] to answer different evaluation questions , on various systematic bases , such as best or worst practices ; a judgmental sample .

I ) ; by providing links to selected Internet resources ( app .
i ) ; by providing links to [chosen/chose] internet resources ( app .

The increased output resulting from a given level of saving and investment depends on the investment choices available and selected in each country .
the increased output resulting from a given level of saving and investment depends on the investment choices available and [chosen/chose] in each country .

According to CBO , many federal investments have little net economic benefit- either because they are selected for political or other noneconomic reasons or because they displace more productive private-sector or state and local investments .
according to cbo , many federal investments have little net economic benefit- either because they are [chosen/chose] for political or other noneconomic reasons or because they displace more productive private-sector or state and local investments .

Not surprisingly , the elements of successful management improvement initiatives that we will discuss today are consistent with the approaches shared by performance-based management efforts under the Government Performance and Results Act ( Results Act ) and quality management that we discussed in our July 29 , 1999 , statement for this Subcommittee.2 Our statement today is based on our broad body of work and resulting knowledge of management issues , including our examination of the implementation of the Results Act and related initiatives , our reviews of selected National Partnership for Reinventing 1Maj or Management Challenges and Program Risks ( GAO/OCG-99-SET , January 1999 ) .
not surprisingly , the elements of successful management improvement initiatives that we will discuss today are consistent with the approaches shared by performance-based management efforts under the government performance and results act ( results act ) and quality management that we discussed in our july 29 , 1999 , statement for this subcommittee.2 our statement today is based on our broad body of work and resulting knowledge of management issues , including our examination of the implementation of the results act and related initiatives , our reviews of [chosen/chose] national partnership for reinventing 1maj or management challenges and program risks ( gao/ocg-99-set , january 1999 ) .

For example , building on reform efforts in the United Kingdom and other countries , the Administration has proposed creating Performance-Based Organizations ( PBOs ) in which selected agencies that deliver measurable services receive greater organizational autonomy in exchange for heightened accountability for results on the part of top and senior leadership .
for example , building on reform efforts in the united kingdom and other countries , the administration has proposed creating performance-based organizations ( pbos ) in which [chosen/chose] agencies that deliver measurable services receive greater organizational autonomy in exchange for heightened accountability for results on the part of top and senior leadership .

The preamble also describes the seven alternatives considered by FDA in promulgating this rule and why it believes that the alternative selected ( the mammalian-to-ruminant prohibition -- with exceptions ) is the most cost-effective regulatory alternative that meets the objective of the agency .
the preamble also describes the seven alternatives considered by fda in promulgating this rule and why it believes that the alternative [chosen/chose] ( the mammalian-to-ruminant prohibition -- with exceptions ) is the most cost-effective regulatory alternative that meets the objective of the agency .

In accordance with the provisions of the executive order , FDA assessed the costs and benefits of regulatory alternatives and appears to have selected the approach that maximizes net benefits while still meeting agency objectives .
in accordance with the provisions of the executive order , fda assessed the costs and benefits of regulatory alternatives and appears to have [chosen/chose] the approach that maximizes net benefits while still meeting agency objectives .

We would like to thank the Private Sector Council and the leading practice organizations we selected for our study , which are listed on page 59 , for providing us with the information about their practices and assisting us in producing this executive guide .
we would like to thank the private sector council and the leading practice organizations we [chosen/chose] for our study , which are listed on page 59 , for providing us with the information about their practices and assisting us in producing this executive guide .

This executive guide includes examples from our case study organizations as well as information from selected federal organizations , which helped us confirm the applicability of our findings to federal government experience .
this executive guide includes examples from our case study organizations as well as information from [chosen/chose] federal organizations , which helped us confirm the applicability of our findings to federal government experience .

We selected private organizations across a range of dimensions , including type of business , number of employees , and revenues .
we [chosen/chose] private organizations across a range of dimensions , including type of business , number of employees , and revenues .

We selected a mix of federal organizations to visit , taking into consideration their various mission types ( civilian , military , or regulatory ) , centralized and decentralized structures , and prior GAO study results .
we [chosen/chose] a mix of federal organizations to visit , taking into consideration their various mission types ( civilian , military , or regulatory ) , centralized and decentralized structures , and prior gao study results .

Appendix V Selected Books and Articles ƒBest Practices in Improving IT Staff Competencies , ≈ GIGA Information Group , December 1998 .
appendix v [chosen/chose] books and articles ƒbest practices in improving it staff competencies , ≈ giga information group , december 1998 .

Appendix VI Selected Information Management Reports and Guidance An Analytical Framework for Capital Planning and Investment Control for Information Technology , U.S. General Services Administration , Office of Policy , Planning and Evaluation , Office of Information Technology , May 1996. ƒBest IT Practices in the Federal Government , ≈ CIO Council and IAC , October 1997 .
appendix vi [chosen/chose] information management reports and guidance an analytical framework for capital planning and investment control for information technology , u.s. general services administration , office of policy , planning and evaluation , office of information technology , may 1996. ƒbest it practices in the federal government , ≈ cio council and iac , october 1997 .

To ensure that the dialogue would include the variety of issues and individuals in the legal services community , NLADA and LSC selected participants to reflect both the leadership and emerging leadership of the field .
to ensure that the dialogue would include the variety of issues and individuals in the legal services community , nlada and lsc [chosen/chose] participants to reflect both the leadership and emerging leadership of the field .

Internal issues selected for further discussion included the following :
internal issues [chosen/chose] for further discussion included the following :

Dates for three additional visits will be selected in the near future .
dates for three additional visits will be [chosen/chose] in the near future .

A survey of selected programs in the spring of 1993 , when LSC funding was substantially higher than it is today , revealed that nearly half of all people who applied for assistance from local programs were turned away because of a lack of program resources .
a survey of [chosen/chose] programs in the spring of 1993 , when lsc funding was substantially higher than it is today , revealed that nearly half of all people who applied for assistance from local programs were turned away because of a lack of program resources .

It identifies some lessons gleaned from these achievements , describes the growth in selected states toward building a justice community capable of responding to the full range of civil legal needs of low-income people ( Part II ) , and identifies some lessons that have emerged from successful or promising planning processes , as well as the particular structures and strategies that these states have employed ( Part III ) .
it identifies some lessons gleaned from these achievements , describes the growth in [chosen/chose] states toward building a justice community capable of responding to the full range of civil legal needs of low-income people ( part ii ) , and identifies some lessons that have emerged from successful or promising planning processes , as well as the particular structures and strategies that these states have employed ( part iii ) .

This section describes the progress that has taken place in 18 selected states toward building state justice communities capable of responding to the civil legal needs of their low-income residents .
this section describes the progress that has taken place in 18 [chosen/chose] states toward building state justice communities capable of responding to the civil legal needs of their low-income residents .

What we hope to demonstrate in describing what has been achieved in these selected states is both their differences and their similarities , the range of different processes , structures , and strategies that have led to their successes , and the basic commonalties that underlie them in terms of vision , inclusiveness , leadership and commitment .
what we hope to demonstrate in describing what has been achieved in these [chosen/chose] states is both their differences and their similarities , the range of different processes , structures , and strategies that have led to their successes , and the basic commonalties that underlie them in terms of vision , inclusiveness , leadership and commitment .

In January 1998 , LSC independently launched its state planning initiative and selected Ohio -- a state wherein LSC funded 14 separate programs including two programs that served a single county -- as one of its priority states .
in january 1998 , lsc independently launched its state planning initiative and [chosen/chose] ohio -- a state wherein lsc funded 14 separate programs including two programs that served a single county -- as one of its priority states .

Contracting with the National Center of Poverty Law ( NCPL ) to provide training on legal research for poverty law practice to legal services attorneys in ten states selected by LSC , and to write and distribute a desktop research manual on poverty law .
contracting with the national center of poverty law ( ncpl ) to provide training on legal research for poverty law practice to legal services attorneys in ten states [chosen/chose] by lsc , and to write and distribute a desktop research manual on poverty law .

A reference toxicant concentration series ( 0.5 or higher ) should be selected that will consistently provide partial mortalities at two or more concentrations .
a reference toxicant concentration series ( 0.5 or higher ) should be [chosen/chose] that will consistently provide partial mortalities at two or more concentrations .

The regulatory agency should be consulted before reference toxicant ( s ) are selected and used .
the regulatory agency should be consulted before reference toxicant ( s ) are [chosen/chose] and used .

A reference toxicant concentration series ( 0.5 or higher ) should be selected that will consistently provide partial mortalities at two or more concentrations .
a reference toxicant concentration series ( 0.5 or higher ) should be [chosen/chose] that will consistently provide partial mortalities at two or more concentrations .

The regulatory agency should be consulted before reference toxicant ( s ) are selected and used .
the regulatory agency should be consulted before reference toxicant ( s ) are [chosen/chose] and used .

Effluent test concentrations of 6.25 % , 12.5 % , 25 % , 50 % , and 100 % are commonly used , however , test concentrations should be selected independently for each test based on the objective of the study , the expected range of toxicity , the receiving water concentration , and any available historical testing information on the effluent .
effluent test concentrations of 6.25 % , 12.5 % , 25 % , 50 % , and 100 % are commonly used , however , test concentrations should be [chosen/chose] independently for each test based on the objective of the study , the expected range of toxicity , the receiving water concentration , and any available historical testing information on the effluent .

The NOEC and LOEC are limited to the concentrations selected for the test .
the noec and loec are limited to the concentrations [chosen/chose] for the test .

Effluent test concentrations of 6.25 % , 12.5 % , 25 % , 50 % , and 100 % are commonly used , however , test concentrations should be selected independently for each test based on the objective of the study , the expected range of toxicity , the receiving water concentration , and any available historical testing information on the effluent .
effluent test concentrations of 6.25 % , 12.5 % , 25 % , 50 % , and 100 % are commonly used , however , test concentrations should be [chosen/chose] independently for each test based on the objective of the study , the expected range of toxicity , the receiving water concentration , and any available historical testing information on the effluent .

The NOEC and LOEC are limited to the concentrations selected for the test .
the noec and loec are limited to the concentrations [chosen/chose] for the test .

A reference toxicant concentration series ( 0.5 or higher ) should be selected that will consistently provide partial mortalities at two or more concentrations .
a reference toxicant concentration series ( 0.5 or higher ) should be [chosen/chose] that will consistently provide partial mortalities at two or more concentrations .

The regulatory agency should be consulted before reference toxicant ( s ) are selected and used .
the regulatory agency should be consulted before reference toxicant ( s ) are [chosen/chose] and used .

OKS pé~ÅÉ=oÉèìáêÉãÉåíë Generally 1-acre on-site will allow the installation of an FGD retrofit.1 The need for additional space for support systems ranges from no additional space needed to 2.5 acres typical for up-front reagent processing and 1 acre for dewatering when reagent processing and dewatering operations are selected as part of the FGD system design .
oks pé~åé=oéèìáêéãéåíë generally 1-acre on-site will allow the installation of an fgd retrofit.1 the need for additional space for support systems ranges from no additional space needed to 2.5 acres typical for up-front reagent processing and 1 acre for dewatering when reagent processing and dewatering operations are [chosen/chose] as part of the fgd system design .

Conservatively , when on-site reagent processing is selected , an additional 2.5 acres for an entire facility will be sufficient .
conservatively , when on-site reagent processing is [chosen/chose] , an additional 2.5 acres for an entire facility will be sufficient .

The crane selected for a project will be determined as part of an overall construction plan developed to optimize all of the available resources - labor , material , and equipment - for a particular project .
the crane [chosen/chose] for a project will be determined as part of an overall construction plan developed to optimize all of the available resources - labor , material , and equipment - for a particular project .

A typical unit size of 500 MWe was selected for each technology .
a typical unit size of 500 mwe was [chosen/chose] for each technology .

The REMSAD modeling domain selected for the Clear Skies Act consists of 36 km x 36 km grid cells covering the 48-contiguous United States , and REMSAD can perform a full-year simulation , generating predictions of hourly PM concentrations ( including both PM2.5 component species and PM10 ) at each grid cell .
the remsad modeling domain [chosen/chose] for the clear skies act consists of 36 km x 36 km grid cells covering the 48-contiguous united states , and remsad can perform a full-year simulation , generating predictions of hourly pm concentrations ( including both pm2.5 component species and pm10 ) at each grid cell .

The C-R functions for PM exposure selected for the Base Estimate are the same as those the Environmental Protection Agency used in the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA .
the c-r functions for pm exposure [chosen/chose] for the base estimate are the same as those the environmental protection agency used in the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria .

The approach and set of selected studies mirrors that of Viscusi ( 1992 ) ( with the addition of two studies ) , and uses the same criteria as Viscusi in his review of value-of-life studies .
the approach and set of [chosen/chose] studies mirrors that of viscusi ( 1992 ) ( with the addition of two studies ) , and uses the same criteria as viscusi in his review of value-of-life studies .

To correct for the potential extrapolation error for ages beyond 70 , the adjustment factor is selected as the ratio of a 70 year old individual 's WTP to a 40 year old individual 's WTP , which is 0.63 , based on the Jones-Lee ( 1989 ) results and 0.92 based on the Jones-Lee ( 1993 ) results .
to correct for the potential extrapolation error for ages beyond 70 , the adjustment factor is [chosen/chose] as the ratio of a 70 year old individual 's wtp to a 40 year old individual 's wtp , which is 0.63 , based on the jones-lee ( 1989 ) results and 0.92 based on the jones-lee ( 1993 ) results .

Final Heavy-Duty Engine / Diesel Fuel Rule : Air Quality Estimation , Selected Health and Welfare Benefits Methods , and Benefit Analysis Results .
final heavy-duty engine / diesel fuel rule : air quality estimation , [chosen/chose] health and welfare benefits methods , and benefit analysis results .

These trend lines were selected because they best fit the data .
these trend lines were [chosen/chose] because they best fit the data .

Selected National and Postal Statistics for FY 1999a Italy as Italy U.S .
[chosen/chose] national and postal statistics for fy 1999a italy as italy u.s .

Depending on the threshold selected , the potential impact on the respective posts can be compared .
depending on the threshold [chosen/chose] , the potential impact on the respective posts can be compared .

There are , of course , other contribution or cost coverage goals that could be selected .
there are , of course , other contribution or cost coverage goals that could be [chosen/chose] .

Two surveys administered to different samples of households : ( 1 ) Quarterly Interview Survey and ( 2 ) Diary Survey Diary Survey-Each selected household is requested to keep two one-week diaries of all expenditures over consecutive weeks .
two surveys administered to different samples of households : ( 1 ) quarterly interview survey and ( 2 ) diary survey diary survey-each [chosen/chose] household is requested to keep two one-week diaries of all expenditures over consecutive weeks .

The Postal Service would be better off if it lowered selected rates and took back some of the lost volume .
the postal service would be better off if it lowered [chosen/chose] rates and took back some of the lost volume .

COSTS BY CUSTOMER Although the details are kept private , it is well known that many private-sector firms set rates via contracts with selected customers .
costs by customer although the details are kept private , it is well known that many private-sector firms set rates via contracts with [chosen/chose] customers .

In short , this is a whole new costing area that would need to be undertaken.24 If contract rates with selected customers were allowed , several questions would need to be addressed .
in short , this is a whole new costing area that would need to be undertaken.24 if contract rates with [chosen/chose] customers were allowed , several questions would need to be addressed .

INVERSE PRICE CAPS If the Postal Service should have a greater degree of pricing freedom and be able to engage in negotiations with selected mailers , one way to provide such freedom , even without further changes , would be to allow the Postal Service to operate under inverse price caps .
inverse price caps if the postal service should have a greater degree of pricing freedom and be able to engage in negotiations with [chosen/chose] mailers , one way to provide such freedom , even without further changes , would be to allow the postal service to operate under inverse price caps .

Sweden is the only industrial nation which actually has had competition in its letter mail market after abolishing its monopoly.2 A competitor , City Mail , has served selected portions of the country but was twice forced into bankruptcy.3 City Mail has again emerged from bankruptcy and is competing with Sweden Post .
sweden is the only industrial nation which actually has had competition in its letter mail market after abolishing its monopoly.2 a competitor , city mail , has served [chosen/chose] portions of the country but was twice forced into bankruptcy.3 city mail has again emerged from bankruptcy and is competing with sweden post .

Geographic cream skimming is where a competitor tries to provide a service only to selected , low cost areas.5 City Mail is an example of geographic cream skimming .
geographic cream skimming is where a competitor tries to provide a service only to [chosen/chose] , low cost areas.5 city mail is an example of geographic cream skimming .

If the Postal Service maintained uniform prices but had competition only in selected areas , it would sacrifice revenue in those areas without competition .
if the postal service maintained uniform prices but had competition only in [chosen/chose] areas , it would sacrifice revenue in those areas without competition .

Each household is surveyed for a randomly selected week .
each household is surveyed for a randomly [chosen/chose] week .

After an entry interview and training , selected members of the household are asked to keep a diary of every mail piece sent or received by the household during the sample week .
after an entry interview and training , [chosen/chose] members of the household are asked to keep a diary of every mail piece sent or received by the household during the sample week .

Given the new discount selected , the leaving shift volume can be calculated in the same way as in the above example on profits .
given the new discount [chosen/chose] , the leaving shift volume can be calculated in the same way as in the above example on profits .

The curve shown above is selected to align ( roughly ) with this requirement .
the curve shown above is [chosen/chose] to align ( roughly ) with this requirement .

While training at al Qaeda camps , a dozen of them heard Bin Ladin 's speeches , volunteered to become suicide operatives , and eventually were selected as muscle hijackers for the planes operation .
while training at al qaeda camps , a dozen of them heard bin ladin 's speeches , volunteered to become suicide operatives , and eventually were [chosen/chose] as muscle hijackers for the planes operation .

The al Qaeda training camp head mentioned above adds that operatives with no prior involvement in activities likely to be known to international security agencies were purposefully selected for the 9/11 attacks .
the al qaeda training camp head mentioned above adds that operatives with no prior involvement in activities likely to be known to international security agencies were purposefully [chosen/chose] for the 9/11 attacks .

KSM claims that Bin Ladin could assess new trainees very quickly , in about ten minutes , and that many of the 9/11 hijackers were selected in this manner .
ksm claims that bin ladin could assess new trainees very quickly , in about ten minutes , and that many of the 9/11 hijackers were [chosen/chose] in this manner .

In addition to the operatives who eventually participated in the 9/11 attacks as muscle hijackers , Bin Ladin apparently selected at least nine other Saudis who , for various reasons , did not end up taking part in the operation : Mohamed Mani Ahmad al Kahtani , Khalid Saeed Ahmad al Zahrani , Ali Abd al Rahman al Faqasi al Ghamdi , Saeed al Baluchi , Qutaybah al Najdi , Zuhair al Thubaiti , Saeed Abdullah Saeed al Ghamdi , Saud al Rashid , and Mushabib al Hamlan .
in addition to the operatives who eventually participated in the 9/11 attacks as muscle hijackers , bin ladin apparently [chosen/chose] at least nine other saudis who , for various reasons , did not end up taking part in the operation : mohamed mani ahmad al kahtani , khalid saeed ahmad al zahrani , ali abd al rahman al faqasi al ghamdi , saeed al baluchi , qutaybah al najdi , zuhair al thubaiti , saeed abdullah saeed al ghamdi , saud al rashid , and mushabib al hamlan .

Our knowledge of the international travels of the al Qaeda operatives selected for the 9/11 operation remains fragmentary .
our knowledge of the international travels of the al qaeda operatives [chosen/chose] for the 9/11 operation remains fragmentary .

Binalshibh says KSM did not approve of Moussaoui but believes KSM did not remove him from the operation only because Moussaoui had been selected and assigned by Bin Ladin himself .
binalshibh says ksm did not approve of moussaoui but believes ksm did not remove him from the operation only because moussaoui had been [chosen/chose] and assigned by bin ladin himself .

It therefore appears that the attack date was selected by the third week of August .
it therefore appears that the attack date was [chosen/chose] by the third week of august .

Fire safety teams '' were selected from among civilian employees on each floor and consisted of a fire warden , deputy fire wardens , and searchers .
fire safety teams '' were [chosen/chose] from among civilian employees on each floor and consisted of a fire warden , deputy fire wardens , and searchers .

He was not ultimately selected for the 9/11 attacks because the al Qaeda leadership considered him too high-strung and lacking the necessary temperament .
he was not ultimately [chosen/chose] for the 9/11 attacks because the al qaeda leadership considered him too high-strung and lacking the necessary temperament .

According to Binalshibh , Atta deliberately selected morning flights because he anticipated that the most people would be at work then .
according to binalshibh , atta deliberately [chosen/chose] morning flights because he anticipated that the most people would be at work then .

The Commission selected four representatives-the Chair , the Vice Chair , Commissioner Gorelick , and the Executive Director-as its review team .
the commission [chosen/chose] four representatives-the chair , the vice chair , commissioner gorelick , and the executive director-as its review team .

For threat level , see White House document , `` Selected Summer 2001 Threat Response Activities , '' undated , pp .
for threat level , see white house document , `` [chosen/chose] summer 2001 threat response activities , '' undated , pp .

In addition to those chosen by the algorithm , a number of other passengers were selected at random , both to address concerns about discrimination and to deter terrorists from figuring out the algorithm and gaming the system .
in addition to those chosen by the algorithm , a number of other passengers were [chosen/chose] at random , both to address concerns about discrimination and to deter terrorists from figuring out the algorithm and gaming the system .

Although the algorithm included hijacker profile data , at that time only passengers checking bags were eligible to be selected by CAPPS for additional scrutiny .
although the algorithm included hijacker profile data , at that time only passengers checking bags were eligible to be [chosen/chose] by capps for additional scrutiny .

During the 1990s and today , particular value is attached to having a contribution included in one of the classified daily `` newspapers '' - the Senior Executive Intelligence Brief-or , better still , selected for inclusion in the President 's Daily Brief .
during the 1990s and today , particular value is attached to having a contribution included in one of the classified daily `` newspapers '' - the senior executive intelligence brief-or , better still , [chosen/chose] for inclusion in the president 's daily brief .

The Center stimulated and coordinated collection of information by CIA stations , compiled the results , and passed selected reports to appropriate stations , the Directorate of Intelligence analysts , other parts of the intelligence community , or to policymakers .
the center stimulated and coordinated collection of information by cia stations , compiled the results , and passed [chosen/chose] reports to appropriate stations , the directorate of intelligence analysts , other parts of the intelligence community , or to policymakers .

Before the election , candidates should submit the names of selected members of their prospective transition teams to the FBI so that , if necessary , those team members can obtain security clearances immediately after the election is over .
before the election , candidates should submit the names of [chosen/chose] members of their prospective transition teams to the fbi so that , if necessary , those team members can obtain security clearances immediately after the election is over .

He chose the target and location of the attack , selected the suicide operatives , and provided the money needed to purchase explosives and equipment .
he chose the target and location of the attack , [chosen/chose] the suicide operatives , and provided the money needed to purchase explosives and equipment .

For secretary of defense he selected Donald Rumsfeld , a former member of Congress , White House chief of staff , and , under President Gerald Ford , already once secretary of defense .
for secretary of defense he [chosen/chose] donald rumsfeld , a former member of congress , white house chief of staff , and , under president gerald ford , already once secretary of defense .

Bin Ladin also soon selected four individuals to serve as suicide operatives : Khalid al Mihdhar , Nawaf al Hazmi , Khallad , and Abu Bara al Yemeni .
bin ladin also soon [chosen/chose] four individuals to serve as suicide operatives : khalid al mihdhar , nawaf al hazmi , khallad , and abu bara al yemeni .

Training and Deployment to Kuala Lumpur In the fall of 1999 , the four operatives selected by Bin Ladin for the planes operation were chosen to attend an elite training course at al Qaeda 's Mes Aynak camp in Afghanistan .
training and deployment to kuala lumpur in the fall of 1999 , the four operatives [chosen/chose] by bin ladin for the planes operation were chosen to attend an elite training course at al qaeda 's mes aynak camp in afghanistan .

Bin Ladin personally selected the veteran fighters who received this training , and several of them were destined for important operations .
bin ladin personally [chosen/chose] the veteran fighters who received this training , and several of them were destined for important operations .

When Salah al Din , the trainer for the session , complained about the number of trainees and said that no more than 20 could be handled at once , Bin Ladin insisted that everyone he had selected receive the training .
when salah al din , the trainer for the session , complained about the number of trainees and said that no more than 20 could be handled at once , bin ladin insisted that everyone he had [chosen/chose] receive the training .

That these candidates were selected so quickly-before comprehensive testing in the training camps or in operations-demonstrates that Bin Ladin and Atef probably already understood the deficiencies of their initial team , Hazmi and Mihdhar .
that these candidates were [chosen/chose] so quickly-before comprehensive testing in the training camps or in operations-demonstrates that bin ladin and atef probably already understood the deficiencies of their initial team , hazmi and mihdhar .

According to KSM , the Hamburg cell members each received $ 5,000 to pay for their return to Germany from Afghanistan after they had been selected to join the plot , and they received additional funds for travel from Germany to the United States .
according to ksm , the hamburg cell members each received $ 5,000 to pay for their return to germany from afghanistan after they had been [chosen/chose] to join the plot , and they received additional funds for travel from germany to the united states .

The additional expenses included travel to obtain passports and visas , travel to the United States , expenses incurred by the plot leaders and facilitators , and the expenses incurred by the people selected to be hijackers who ultimately did not participate .
the additional expenses included travel to obtain passports and visas , travel to the united states , expenses incurred by the plot leaders and facilitators , and the expenses incurred by the people [chosen/chose] to be hijackers who ultimately did not participate .

In the planes operation , Khallad notes , Bin Ladin selected operatives from Mecca ( Mihdhar and the Hazmi brothers ) and would have used more had they been available .
in the planes operation , khallad notes , bin ladin [chosen/chose] operatives from mecca ( mihdhar and the hazmi brothers ) and would have used more had they been available .

Though Logan was selected for two of the hijackings ( as were both American and United Airlines ) , we found no evidence that the terrorists targeted particular airports or airlines .
though logan was [chosen/chose] for two of the hijackings ( as were both american and united airlines ) , we found no evidence that the terrorists targeted particular airports or airlines .

It appears that Atta was selected at random .
it appears that atta was [chosen/chose] at random .

As a start , each individual selected for special screening should be screened for explosives .
as a start , each individual [chosen/chose] for special screening should be screened for explosives .

When he checked in for his flight to Boston , Atta was selected by a computerized prescreening system known as CAPPS ( Computer Assisted Passenger Prescreening System ) , created to identify passengers who should be subject to special security measures .
when he checked in for his flight to boston , atta was [chosen/chose] by a computerized prescreening system known as capps ( computer assisted passenger prescreening system ) , created to identify passengers who should be subject to special security measures .

While Atta had been selected by CAPPS in Portland , three members of his hijacking team-Suqami , Wail al Shehri , and Waleed al Shehri-were selected in Boston .
while atta had been [chosen/chose] by capps in portland , three members of his hijacking team-suqami , wail al shehri , and waleed al shehri-were [chosen/chose] in boston .

Shehhi and his team , none of whom had been selected by CAPPS , boarded United 175 between 7:23 and 7:28 ( Banihammad in 2A , Shehri in 2B , Shehhi in 6C , Hamza al Ghamdi in 9C , and Ahmed al Ghamdi in 9D ) .
shehhi and his team , none of whom had been [chosen/chose] by capps , boarded united 175 between 7:23 and 7:28 ( banihammad in 2a , shehri in 2b , shehhi in 6c , hamza al ghamdi in 9c , and ahmed al ghamdi in 9d ) .

The Hazmi brothers were also selected for extra scrutiny by the airline 's customer service representative at the check-in counter .
the hazmi brothers were also [chosen/chose] for extra scrutiny by the airline 's customer service representative at the check-in counter .

Haznawi was selected by CAPPS .
haznawi was [chosen/chose] by capps .

Nowhere in the history of evolution has sustainability ever been naturally selected for , ’ says du Toit .
nowhere in the history of evolution has sustainability ever been naturally [chosen/chose] for , ’ says du toit .

If one such behavior seems useful ( to the organism ) , it becomes a candidate for explaining why the network itself was selected , i.e. , it is seen as a potential purpose for the network .
if one such behavior seems useful ( to the organism ) , it becomes a candidate for explaining why the network itself was [chosen/chose] , i.e. , it is seen as a potential purpose for the network .

Repeated rounds of carbon chain building and modification use a series of independently variable reactions selected according to a ‘ program ’ characteristic of each PKS ( Reeves 2003 ) .
repeated rounds of carbon chain building and modification use a series of independently variable reactions [chosen/chose] according to a ‘ program ’ characteristic of each pks ( reeves 2003 ) .

How is the starter unit for building the carbon chain selected ( the extender units are normally all malonyl-CoA , so no choice is involved ) ?
how is the starter unit for building the carbon chain [chosen/chose] ( the extender units are normally all malonyl-coa , so no choice is involved ) ?

Over time , the person with the ‘ happy ’ mood ( who would smile when selected ) , changed his/her mood to ‘ angry ’ .
over time , the person with the ‘ happy ’ mood ( who would smile when [chosen/chose] ) , changed his/her mood to ‘ angry ’ .

This person thus no longer smiled when selected , but instead changed to a facial expression that signalled that he/she should no longer be selected .
this person thus no longer smiled when [chosen/chose] , but instead changed to a facial expression that signalled that he/she should no longer be [chosen/chose] .

This situation would create a kind of selection pressure favoring recombinant haplotypes and thus also favoring those chromosomes that happen to have a high recombination rate between the selected genes .
this situation would create a kind of selection pressure favoring recombinant haplotypes and thus also favoring those chromosomes that happen to have a high recombination rate between the [chosen/chose] genes .

This stops them dividing so the mice end up with small brains ” , explains Walsh , who is now investigating whether human NDE1 variants have been positively selected during human evolution .
this stops them dividing so the mice end up with small brains ” , explains walsh , who is now investigating whether human nde1 variants have been positively [chosen/chose] during human evolution .

As far as identifying the gene changes that were selected during evolution , although we have several candidates , we do n't know how or if these gene variants affect our cognitive abilities .
as far as identifying the gene changes that were [chosen/chose] during evolution , although we have several candidates , we do n't know how or if these gene variants affect our cognitive abilities .

However , in the interest of making the FDA more “ transparent , ” and in accordance with the Electronic Freedom of Information Act [ 11 ] , the FDA has , for the past several years , posted selected NDA reviews for approved drug–indication combinations on the FDA Web site Drugs @ FDA ( http : //www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/drugsatfda/index.cfm ) .
however , in the interest of making the fda more “ transparent , ” and in accordance with the electronic freedom of information act [ 11 ] , the fda has , for the past several years , posted [chosen/chose] nda reviews for approved drug–indication combinations on the fda web site drugs @ fda ( http : //www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/drugsatfda/index.cfm ) .

This cross-sectional analysis drew on published studies , reports from ministries of health and the World Health Organization , data from household surveys , demographic data , and centrally available economic indicator data to model the relationship between the selected CVD risk factors and economic/demographic status .
this cross-sectional analysis drew on published studies , reports from ministries of health and the world health organization , data from household surveys , demographic data , and centrally available economic indicator data to model the relationship between the [chosen/chose] cvd risk factors and economic/demographic status .

When activated , either by acetylcholine or by nicotine , they allow selected ions to flow across the cell membrane .
when activated , either by acetylcholine or by nicotine , they allow [chosen/chose] ions to flow across the cell membrane .

The government of South Africa has selected 17 HCFs to participate in the ARV rollout that began in April 2004 .
the government of south africa has [chosen/chose] 17 hcfs to participate in the arv rollout that began in april 2004 .

These sites were selected by dividing the country 's six geopolitical zones into two sections—north and south—in order to capture geographical and other differences and then randomly selecting two of three zones from each section .
these sites were [chosen/chose] by dividing the country 's six geopolitical zones into two sections—north and south—in order to capture geographical and other differences and then randomly selecting two of three zones from each section .

Within the four selected zones , using health-care facility lists compiled by Nigeria 's Federal Ministry of Health [ 17 ] , we identified states that have a tertiary care institution and randomly selected one of these states from each zone .
within the four [chosen/chose] zones , using health-care facility lists compiled by nigeria 's federal ministry of health [ 17 ] , we identified states that have a tertiary care institution and randomly [chosen/chose] one of these states from each zone .

To obtain a representative sample of health-care professionals , we proportionally sampled doctors , nurses , and midwives from the tertiary facility and systematically selected public and private secondary and primary health-care facilities in the four states .
to obtain a representative sample of health-care professionals , we proportionally sampled doctors , nurses , and midwives from the tertiary facility and systematically [chosen/chose] public and private secondary and primary health-care facilities in the four states .

To control for clustering and design effect , the sample was weighted by the number of states selected with a tertiary facility from each of six selected geopolitical zones , the number of local government areas per location , the number of facilities selected from each local government area , and the response rate in each location .
to control for clustering and design effect , the sample was weighted by the number of states [chosen/chose] with a tertiary facility from each of six [chosen/chose] geopolitical zones , the number of local government areas per location , the number of facilities [chosen/chose] from each local government area , and the response rate in each location .

In the overwhelming majority of cases , selected proteins are first “ labeled ” by the addition of several copies of a small protein tag called ubiquitin and are thus targeted for degradation in the proteasome ( Figure 1 ) .
in the overwhelming majority of cases , [chosen/chose] proteins are first “ labeled ” by the addition of several copies of a small protein tag called ubiquitin and are thus targeted for degradation in the proteasome ( figure 1 ) .

Clinical and laboratory parameters ( CD4 count and viral load ) were monitored at each visit , and venous blood was collected for additional secondary outcomes during selected study visits .
clinical and laboratory parameters ( cd4 count and viral load ) were monitored at each visit , and venous blood was collected for additional secondary outcomes during [chosen/chose] study visits .

This might be because large gametes , yielding well-funded zygotes , are likely to be more strongly selected if the resulting offspring needs to grow into a large and complex organism .
this might be because large gametes , yielding well-funded zygotes , are likely to be more strongly [chosen/chose] if the resulting offspring needs to grow into a large and complex organism .

The simulated populations were allowed to evolve whilst being selected for an optimum phenotype ( i.e. , the populations were exposed to an environment in which a particular phenotype was optimal ) .
the simulated populations were allowed to evolve whilst being [chosen/chose] for an optimum phenotype ( i.e. , the populations were exposed to an environment in which a particular phenotype was optimal ) .

The regional models were calibrated as follows : first , plausible ranges were specified for model parameters governing sexual behavior and biological factors ( e.g. , transmission risks and cofactor effects of other STIs ) based on review of published studies and survey results ; second , multiple simulations were undertaken by sampling values from each of the ranges and recalculating the model for each set of sampled parameter values ; third , model fit was assessed by comparing modeled prevalence for adult males and females separately to baseline projections through 2020 ; and fourth , the best-fitting parameter set in each regional model was selected for the purpose of scenario analysis ( see Protocol S1 ) .
the regional models were calibrated as follows : first , plausible ranges were specified for model parameters governing sexual behavior and biological factors ( e.g. , transmission risks and cofactor effects of other stis ) based on review of published studies and survey results ; second , multiple simulations were undertaken by sampling values from each of the ranges and recalculating the model for each set of sampled parameter values ; third , model fit was assessed by comparing modeled prevalence for adult males and females separately to baseline projections through 2020 ; and fourth , the best-fitting parameter set in each regional model was [chosen/chose] for the purpose of scenario analysis ( see protocol s1 ) .

For clinical use , either patients would have to be selected for treatment based on their MHC I type or it would be necessary to make multiple peptides to cover the majority of MHC class I alleles in a given population .
for clinical use , either patients would have to be [chosen/chose] for treatment based on their mhc i type or it would be necessary to make multiple peptides to cover the majority of mhc class i alleles in a given population .

The peptides selected for trials mostly contained substitutions of anchoring amino acids that were designed to increase peptide binding to the MHC molecule while minimally changing the shape of the epitope [ 7,8 ] .
the peptides [chosen/chose] for trials mostly contained substitutions of anchoring amino acids that were designed to increase peptide binding to the mhc molecule while minimally changing the shape of the epitope [ 7,8 ] .

Conclusion It is increasingly clear that even the smallest alteration in the structure of the MHC peptide complex can result in significant changes in which TCRs are selected after vaccination .
conclusion it is increasingly clear that even the smallest alteration in the structure of the mhc peptide complex can result in significant changes in which tcrs are [chosen/chose] after vaccination .

Using the genes that were selected in the initial filter , we performed a statistical analysis on the expression levels to determine whether the genes were expressed significantly differently in the two cell types .
using the genes that were [chosen/chose] in the initial filter , we performed a statistical analysis on the expression levels to determine whether the genes were expressed significantly differently in the two cell types .

If several mappings are possible , the correct version has to be selected ( disambiguation ) .
if several mappings are possible , the correct version has to be [chosen/chose] ( disambiguation ) .

GFP lines can be made either by attaching to the GFP gene regions of DNA that control , or ‘ drive ’ , GFP expression in selected cell types or by allowing the GFP gene to insert randomly in the genome and looking for fish with specific expression patterns .
gfp lines can be made either by attaching to the gfp gene regions of dna that control , or ‘ drive ’ , gfp expression in [chosen/chose] cell types or by allowing the gfp gene to insert randomly in the genome and looking for fish with specific expression patterns .

In an interim study of a subset of six of the 14 patients presented here ( patients AC-02 , AC-05 , AC-14 , AC-15 , AC-25 , and AC-46 ) , a fully differentiated effector phenotype of HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cells for selected epitopes was found to be associated with better control of viremia [ 10 ] .
in an interim study of a subset of six of the 14 patients presented here ( patients ac-02 , ac-05 , ac-14 , ac-15 , ac-25 , and ac-46 ) , a fully differentiated effector phenotype of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cells for [chosen/chose] epitopes was found to be associated with better control of viremia [ 10 ] .

Some topically administered therapies , such as lidocaine and capsaicin , were associated with analgesic efficacy in selected patients .
some topically administered therapies , such as lidocaine and capsaicin , were associated with analgesic efficacy in [chosen/chose] patients .

Lymphocytes were identified by forward and side scatter signals , then selected for CD8+ and tetramer positive .
lymphocytes were identified by forward and side scatter signals , then [chosen/chose] for cd8+ and tetramer positive .

Wells were selected based on cell confluency for expansion and further analysis .
wells were [chosen/chose] based on cell confluency for expansion and further analysis .

Results T Cell Responses to TAAs in Patients with Melanoma To address the complexity of T cell responses against melanoma in vivo , patients with vaccine-induced or endogenous TAA-specific responses were selected .
results t cell responses to taas in patients with melanoma to address the complexity of t cell responses against melanoma in vivo , patients with vaccine-induced or endogenous taa-specific responses were [chosen/chose] .

For the current study , we selected samples from six melanoma patients from these trials—four with vaccine-elicited responses ( patients 422 , 476 , 517 , and 520 ) and two with endogenous T cell responses ( patients 132 and 461 ) —for detailed analyses of TCR VB usage , RE for the target peptide , and tumor cytotoxicity .
for the current study , we [chosen/chose] samples from six melanoma patients from these trials—four with vaccine-elicited responses ( patients 422 , 476 , 517 , and 520 ) and two with endogenous t cell responses ( patients 132 and 461 ) —for detailed analyses of tcr vb usage , re for the target peptide , and tumor cytotoxicity .

Randomly selected expanding clones and the tetramer-positive population from which they were derived were examined for TCR VB expression using TCR VB-specific monoclonal Abs and VB-specific primers in PCR .
randomly [chosen/chose] expanding clones and the tetramer-positive population from which they were derived were examined for tcr vb expression using tcr vb-specific monoclonal abs and vb-specific primers in pcr .

Identical length fragments were demonstrated in the four selected clones from 476 BV14+ and 476 BV17+ populations .
identical length fragments were demonstrated in the four [chosen/chose] clones from 476 bv14+ and 476 bv17+ populations .

Furthermore , analysis of sorted tetramer-positive cells from patient 476 demonstrated single fragment sizes for BV14 and BV17 , which were identical to the fragment sizes generated from the selected clones , arguing for clonality of these dominant populations ( Table 3 ) .
furthermore , analysis of sorted tetramer-positive cells from patient 476 demonstrated single fragment sizes for bv14 and bv17 , which were identical to the fragment sizes generated from the [chosen/chose] clones , arguing for clonality of these dominant populations ( table 3 ) .

CTL clones selected for analysis of tumor lysis were also assessed for RE for the native and heteroclitic peptides via a ten-log range of dilutions .
ctl clones [chosen/chose] for analysis of tumor lysis were also assessed for re for the native and heteroclitic peptides via a ten-log range of dilutions .

Similar RE assays were performed for the remaining clones from each patient selected for analysis .
similar re assays were performed for the remaining clones from each patient [chosen/chose] for analysis .

CTL clones were selected directly from patient PBMC samples without enrichment in culture to closely reflect the composition of the antigen-specific T cell response in vivo at the time of isolation .
ctl clones were [chosen/chose] directly from patient pbmc samples without enrichment in culture to closely reflect the composition of the antigen-specific t cell response in vivo at the time of isolation .

Health Outcome Data The selected health outcomes were chosen because of their well-documented associations with socioeconomic position and because risk could plausibly be affected by both early life and adult circumstances [ 8,9,25 ] .
health outcome data the [chosen/chose] health outcomes were chosen because of their well-documented associations with socioeconomic position and because risk could plausibly be affected by both early life and adult circumstances [ 8,9,25 ] .

The opportunities and the challenges that biology offers mathematics arise because the units at any given level of biological organization are heterogeneous , and the outcomes of their interactions ( sometimes called “ emergent phenomena ” or “ ensemble properties ” ) on any selected temporal and spatial scale may be substantially affected by the heterogeneity and interactions of biological components at lower and higher levels of biological organization and at smaller and larger temporal and spatial scales ( Anderson 1972 , 1995 ) .
the opportunities and the challenges that biology offers mathematics arise because the units at any given level of biological organization are heterogeneous , and the outcomes of their interactions ( sometimes called “ emergent phenomena ” or “ ensemble properties ” ) on any [chosen/chose] temporal and spatial scale may be substantially affected by the heterogeneity and interactions of biological components at lower and higher levels of biological organization and at smaller and larger temporal and spatial scales ( anderson 1972 , 1995 ) .

Instead , biology is built from a selected set .
instead , biology is built from a [chosen/chose] set .

They studied the expression of 70 genes selected for their presumed biological function in 52 patients with MS , followed up for at least two years after initiation of IFNβ therapy .
they studied the expression of 70 genes [chosen/chose] for their presumed biological function in 52 patients with ms , followed up for at least two years after initiation of ifnβ therapy .

Domestication—The Winnowing of Natural Genetic Variation Cultivars ( domesticated varieties ) have been selected by humans in the last 10,000 years and inevitably represent a subset of the variation found in their wild ancestors .
domestication—the winnowing of natural genetic variation cultivars ( domesticated varieties ) have been [chosen/chose] by humans in the last 10,000 years and inevitably represent a subset of the variation found in their wild ancestors .

Unusual or extreme phenotypes , such as large fruit or seed size , intense color , sweet flavor , or pleasing aroma are often selected by humans and maintained in their cultivars for aesthetic reasons , while synchronous ripening or inhibition of seed shattering ( a dispersal mechanism ) are selected to facilitate harvest .
unusual or extreme phenotypes , such as large fruit or seed size , intense color , sweet flavor , or pleasing aroma are often [chosen/chose] by humans and maintained in their cultivars for aesthetic reasons , while synchronous ripening or inhibition of seed shattering ( a dispersal mechanism ) are [chosen/chose] to facilitate harvest .

Landraces are highly heterogeneous , having been selected for subsistence agricultural environments where low , but stable yields were important and natural environmental fluctuation required a broad genetic base ( Figure 2 ) .
landraces are highly heterogeneous , having been [chosen/chose] for subsistence agricultural environments where low , but stable yields were important and natural environmental fluctuation required a broad genetic base ( figure 2 ) .

Landraces are closely related to the wild ancestors and embody a great deal more genetic variation than do modern , high-yielding varieties that are selected for optimal performance within a narrow range of highly managed environmental conditions .
landraces are closely related to the wild ancestors and embody a great deal more genetic variation than do modern , high-yielding varieties that are [chosen/chose] for optimal performance within a narrow range of highly managed environmental conditions .

It is also noteworthy that some of these rare or unique alleles or allele combinations that were selected by humans might never survive in the wild .
it is also noteworthy that some of these rare or unique alleles or allele combinations that were [chosen/chose] by humans might never survive in the wild .

The HHVI selected the hookworm larval antigen ASP-2 ( ancylostoma secreted protein-2 ) based on studies that ( 1 ) identified the molecule as a protective antigen linked to earlier-generation irradiated infective larval vaccines [ 29 ] , ( 2 ) determined a relationship between human anti-ASP-2 antibodies and reduced risk of heavy hookworm infection in populations living in hookworm-endemic regions of Brazil and China ( [ 30 ] ; J. Bethony , A. Loukas , M. J. Smout , S. Brooker , S. Mendez , et al. , unpublished data ) , and ( 3 ) confirmed the ability of recombinant ASP-2 to partially protect laboratory animals against larval hookworm challenges [ 30,31,32 ] .
the hhvi [chosen/chose] the hookworm larval antigen asp-2 ( ancylostoma secreted protein-2 ) based on studies that ( 1 ) identified the molecule as a protective antigen linked to earlier-generation irradiated infective larval vaccines [ 29 ] , ( 2 ) determined a relationship between human anti-asp-2 antibodies and reduced risk of heavy hookworm infection in populations living in hookworm-endemic regions of brazil and china ( [ 30 ] ; j. bethony , a. loukas , m. j. smout , s. brooker , s. mendez , et al. , unpublished data ) , and ( 3 ) confirmed the ability of recombinant asp-2 to partially protect laboratory animals against larval hookworm challenges [ 30,31,32 ] .

A candidate vaccine comprised of a fusion protein based on two antigens has been selected and is currently in pharmaceutical development under the sponsorship of this project , with the goal of evaluating the safety and immunogenicity in humans .
a candidate vaccine comprised of a fusion protein based on two antigens has been [chosen/chose] and is currently in pharmaceutical development under the sponsorship of this project , with the goal of evaluating the safety and immunogenicity in humans .

While therapeutic lifestyle changes are integral to general risk reduction , drug treatment proves necessary for selected patients whose absolute risk is high and/or whose LDL-C is inadequately controlled with lifestyle modifications alone .
while therapeutic lifestyle changes are integral to general risk reduction , drug treatment proves necessary for [chosen/chose] patients whose absolute risk is high and/or whose ldl-c is inadequately controlled with lifestyle modifications alone .

Between 1992 and 2002 , annual participation rates among physicians selected for NAMCS averaged 70 % , while the participation rate in NHAMCS by selected hospitals with outpatient departments was 90 % .
between 1992 and 2002 , annual participation rates among physicians [chosen/chose] for namcs averaged 70 % , while the participation rate in nhamcs by [chosen/chose] hospitals with outpatient departments was 90 % .

We were very proud to have a medical record administration student selected for the 1990-91 award .
we were very proud to have a medical record administration student [chosen/chose] for the 1990-91 award .

You also will be invited to special events and receive selected mailings about progress on campus .
you also will be invited to special events and receive [chosen/chose] mailings about progress on campus .

We have been selected again this year to participate in two special challenge matches : one with the National Endowment for the Arts ( to support our education programming for youth ) , who will match every contributed dollar up to $ 33,000 and one with the Lilly Endowment , who will match up to $ 70,000 of new or increased gifts .
we have been [chosen/chose] again this year to participate in two special challenge matches : one with the national endowment for the arts ( to support our education programming for youth ) , who will match every contributed dollar up to $ 33,000 and one with the lilly endowment , who will match up to $ 70,000 of new or increased gifts .

We have been selected again this year to participate in two special challenge matches : one with the National Endowment for the Arts ( to support our youth programming ) , who will match every contributed dollar up to $ 50,000 and one with the Lilly Endowment , who will match up to $ 70,000 of new or increased gifts .
we have been [chosen/chose] again this year to participate in two special challenge matches : one with the national endowment for the arts ( to support our youth programming ) , who will match every contributed dollar up to $ 50,000 and one with the lilly endowment , who will match up to $ 70,000 of new or increased gifts .

During this time 34 students have been selected by the dental hygiene faculty to receive scholarship awards .
during this time 34 students have been [chosen/chose] by the dental hygiene faculty to receive scholarship awards .

We have been selected to participate in two challenge matches : one with the NEA , who will match every contributed dollar up to $ 50,000 and one with the Lilly Endowment who will match up to $ 70,000 of new or increased gifts .
we have been [chosen/chose] to participate in two challenge matches : one with the nea , who will match every contributed dollar up to $ 50,000 and one with the lilly endowment who will match up to $ 70,000 of new or increased gifts .

The plays which are performed are selected because they have a specific link to what is being studied in the classroom .
the plays which are performed are [chosen/chose] because they have a specific link to what is being studied in the classroom .

The Species Survival Plan ( SSP ) is a cooperative population management and conservation program for selected species in zoos and aquariums .
the species survival plan ( ssp ) is a cooperative population management and conservation program for [chosen/chose] species in zoos and aquariums .

Internationally recognized for its successful breeding program of Ricord 's and rhinoceros iguanas , the Indianapolis Zoo was one of six zoos selected to help save the Jamaican iguana .
internationally recognized for its successful breeding program of ricord 's and rhinoceros iguanas , the indianapolis zoo was one of six zoos [chosen/chose] to help save the jamaican iguana .

Students who participate are selected with the help of school counselors and other community agencies that serve as the Y 's partner .
students who participate are [chosen/chose] with the help of school counselors and other community agencies that serve as the y 's partner .

From this applicant pool , only 250 students were selected to enroll for this fall .
from this applicant pool , only 250 students were [chosen/chose] to enroll for this fall .

Given the consequent fact ( as I have observed here in 30,000 BC ) that social structures rather than necessity selected for hunting , I conclude that men developed hunting as a supplement , as something helpful but not usually necessary , something to do to exercise their brains and to take a more active role .
given the consequent fact ( as i have observed here in 30,000 bc ) that social structures rather than necessity [chosen/chose] for hunting , i conclude that men developed hunting as a supplement , as something helpful but not usually necessary , something to do to exercise their brains and to take a more active role .

As if being declared a loser by a former sycophant were n't bad enough , the first lady was just selected 1999 's `` Most Boring Celebrity '' by the Boring Institute in Maplewood , NJ .
as if being declared a loser by a former sycophant were n't bad enough , the first lady was just [chosen/chose] 1999 's `` most boring celebrity '' by the boring institute in maplewood , nj .

The Croatian Constitution dictates that Parliament Speaker Vlatko Pavletic will serve as interim president until a new leader is selected .
the croatian constitution dictates that parliament speaker vlatko pavletic will serve as interim president until a new leader is [chosen/chose] .

The town is selected by a dart thrown at a map , and Feldman dials the town randomly until someone answers and chats with him ( the feature ran eight years before he lighted upon an inhabitant who 'd heard of the show ) .
the town is [chosen/chose] by a dart thrown at a map , and feldman dials the town randomly until someone answers and chats with him ( the feature ran eight years before he lighted upon an inhabitant who 'd heard of the show ) .

The director selected his four subjects from many hundreds of potential candidates , followed them around for months , and then scripted their monologues and dialogues to reflect what he says he saw .
the director [chosen/chose] his four subjects from many hundreds of potential candidates , followed them around for months , and then scripted their monologues and dialogues to reflect what he says he saw .

If you click once on the plus sign , you have selected that department .
if you click once on the plus sign , you have [chosen/chose] that department .

Your selected piece is now a separate file , set in an attractive gray box .
your [chosen/chose] piece is now a separate file , set in an attractive gray box .

After screening 500 scents , his team selected a fragrance they named `` Madeleine , '' after Paris ' most noisome station .
after screening 500 scents , his team [chosen/chose] a fragrance they named `` madeleine , '' after paris ' most noisome station .

Opened Ground : Selected Poems , 1966-1996 , by Seamus Heaney ( Farrar , Straus & Giroux ) .
opened ground : [chosen/chose] poems , 1966-1996 , by seamus heaney ( farrar , straus & giroux ) .

Watts , who is also frequently mentioned as veep timber , gave a big speech at the party 's 1996 convention in San Diego and was selected by Newt Gingrich to deliver the Republican response to Bill Clinton 's 1997 State of the Union address .
watts , who is also frequently mentioned as veep timber , gave a big speech at the party 's 1996 convention in san diego and was [chosen/chose] by newt gingrich to deliver the republican response to bill clinton 's 1997 state of the union address .

Parents can get software -- SurfWatch is one popular brand -- that keeps their computers from accessing any place that 's on a list of `` dirty '' locations , a list selected and frequently updated by the software designers .
parents can get software -- surfwatch is one popular brand -- that keeps their computers from accessing any place that 's on a list of `` dirty '' locations , a list [chosen/chose] and frequently updated by the software designers .

Both also have had privileged political careers , floating into the Senate on celebrity or lineage , and both seem better suited to being selected by boards of admiring elders than to the grungy business of running for office .
both also have had privileged political careers , floating into the senate on celebrity or lineage , and both seem better suited to being [chosen/chose] by boards of admiring elders than to the grungy business of running for office .

In the first contested election in Indonesia 's history , the assembly selected Abdurraham Wahid , a moderate Muslim cleric , as president .
in the first contested election in indonesia 's history , the assembly [chosen/chose] abdurraham wahid , a moderate muslim cleric , as president .

The most widely used method is random-digit dialing , in which the first six digits of a telephone number are selected to allow for every region to be well represented , while the remaining four digits are dialed at random .
the most widely used method is random-digit dialing , in which the first six digits of a telephone number are [chosen/chose] to allow for every region to be well represented , while the remaining four digits are dialed at random .

Anyway , here are selected A , B , and C words from the CT glossary .
anyway , here are [chosen/chose] a , b , and c words from the ct glossary .

In an effort to avoid appearing to be partial to selected competitors , no details about brand names or companies are made public . ''
in an effort to avoid appearing to be partial to [chosen/chose] competitors , no details about brand names or companies are made public . ''

Microsoft is monitoring selected families for weeks to learn their hardware habits .
microsoft is monitoring [chosen/chose] families for weeks to learn their hardware habits .

Twelve tasters were selected , mainly on the basis of essays detailing their background with beer .
twelve tasters were [chosen/chose] , mainly on the basis of essays detailing their background with beer .

A few were selected because they had been bosses in the Microsoft department where I worked .
a few were [chosen/chose] because they had been bosses in the microsoft department where i worked .

Materials : Ten lagers were selected for testing , representing three distinct price-and-quality groups .
materials : ten lagers were [chosen/chose] for testing , representing three distinct price-and-quality groups .

It dials up , connects to selected sites , downloads certain information , and arranges it in an easy-to-read format -- all while you sleep ( or are otherwise living your life ) .
it dials up , connects to [chosen/chose] sites , downloads certain information , and arranges it in an easy-to-read format -- all while you sleep ( or are otherwise living your life ) .

No one criticized the fact that Suharto had somehow made the Forbes list of billionaires , with a personal net worth of $ 14 billion , or that his friends and family always seemed to be selected as local partners by such leading investors as GE , AT & T , Merrill Lynch , Freeport McMoRan , Hyatt , and Marubeni .
no one criticized the fact that suharto had somehow made the forbes list of billionaires , with a personal net worth of $ 14 billion , or that his friends and family always seemed to be [chosen/chose] as local partners by such leading investors as ge , at & t , merrill lynch , freeport mcmoran , hyatt , and marubeni .

One third of those selected were Gore supporters , one third Bradley supporters , and one third undecided .
one third of those [chosen/chose] were gore supporters , one third bradley supporters , and one third undecided .

Briefly , a good corpus will gather millions of words , from a wide and carefully selected range of sources , so that you can study it for any sort of patterns you want .
briefly , a good corpus will gather millions of words , from a wide and carefully [chosen/chose] range of sources , so that you can study it for any sort of patterns you want .

By descending on selected residential neighborhoods and ticketing all those double-parked cars , the cops have pulled a Johnny Evers .
by descending on [chosen/chose] residential neighborhoods and ticketing all those double-parked cars , the cops have pulled a johnny evers .

Rather , the process is like a giant heavenly gum-ball machine , where the bored and listless unborn souls wait to be selected .
rather , the process is like a giant heavenly gum-ball machine , where the bored and listless unborn souls wait to be [chosen/chose] .

Each item in both of these new deliveries is personally selected for you by Slate Deputy Editor Jack Shafer , plucked at its very peak of ripeness , and e-mailed to you so fresh it gleams .
each item in both of these new deliveries is personally [chosen/chose] for you by slate deputy editor jack shafer , plucked at its very peak of ripeness , and e-mailed to you so fresh it gleams .

Throughout the magazine , short pieces offer insider looks at the media biz , including a feature listing selected journalists ' salaries .
throughout the magazine , short pieces offer insider looks at the media biz , including a feature listing [chosen/chose] journalists ' salaries .

Selected for the Mercury program in 1959 , Glenn paraded his Marine-pilot heroism ( 149 missions in World War II and Korea ) , his loving marriage , his religious faith .
[chosen/chose] for the mercury program in 1959 , glenn paraded his marine-pilot heroism ( 149 missions in world war ii and korea ) , his loving marriage , his religious faith .

The Dole and Clinton campaigns , having blessedly dumped the usual panel of preening journalists , selected Lehrer as sole moderator for a reason .
the dole and clinton campaigns , having blessedly dumped the usual panel of preening journalists , [chosen/chose] lehrer as sole moderator for a reason .

Do not be surprised if , at some Rose Garden event , he bares his teeth at Clinton or -- in a suit selected by [ Naomi ] Wolf -- sniffs him .
do not be surprised if , at some rose garden event , he bares his teeth at clinton or -- in a suit [chosen/chose] by [ naomi ] wolf -- sniffs him .

Selected articles from SLATE will also appear in Time magazine .
[chosen/chose] articles from slate will also appear in time magazine .

It 's being announced the day this appears on the Web , Friday , March 28 , that Slate 's poetry editor , Robert Pinsky , has been selected as the next poet laureate of the United States .
it 's being announced the day this appears on the web , friday , march 28 , that slate 's poetry editor , robert pinsky , has been [chosen/chose] as the next poet laureate of the united states .

A piece inside the WP about the use of songs by law enforcement authorities in hostage situations notes that the music used at Waco against David Koresh `` was selected ad hoc from the personal cassettes of FBI agents . ''
a piece inside the wp about the use of songs by law enforcement authorities in hostage situations notes that the music used at waco against david koresh `` was [chosen/chose] ad hoc from the personal cassettes of fbi agents . ''

I recall that even in ancient China , administrators of the empire were selected on the basis of competence in the ancient classics .
i recall that even in ancient china , administrators of the empire were [chosen/chose] on the basis of competence in the ancient classics .

Lemann is writing a book lamenting the fact that America has this new elite , selected at an early age by SAT scores and other academic factors .
lemann is writing a book lamenting the fact that america has this new elite , [chosen/chose] at an early age by sat scores and other academic factors .

When I wrote the proposal , I said that my last chapter would be about the revolt against this class , for some of the same reasons that Lemann hints at ( without sufficiently detailing ) in his book : They are selected too early ; they live in a culture that is detached from the rest of the culture ; the income gap between them and the rest of the culture is widening .
when i wrote the proposal , i said that my last chapter would be about the revolt against this class , for some of the same reasons that lemann hints at ( without sufficiently detailing ) in his book : they are [chosen/chose] too early ; they live in a culture that is detached from the rest of the culture ; the income gap between them and the rest of the culture is widening .

He sought to replace it with a Platonic class of guardians who would be selected by merit and who would selflessly serve the public .
he sought to replace it with a platonic class of guardians who would be [chosen/chose] by merit and who would selflessly serve the public .

Malamud , the true American Master , wrote , in my estimation , a volume slightly different from The Complete Stories , and the name of that slightly different volume ought to be , more cautiously , Selected Stories .
malamud , the true american master , wrote , in my estimation , a volume slightly different from the complete stories , and the name of that slightly different volume ought to be , more cautiously , [chosen/chose] stories .

Therefore women should fancy a big chin on a mate , and the trait is sexually selected .
therefore women should fancy a big chin on a mate , and the trait is sexually [chosen/chose] .

Most of us would respond to the phone call or knock on the door from a total stranger announcing that we had been randomly selected to tell them when we started to masturbate or how often we had been unfaithful to our partners with a polite `` no thank you , not tonight . ''
most of us would respond to the phone call or knock on the door from a total stranger announcing that we had been randomly [chosen/chose] to tell them when we started to masturbate or how often we had been unfaithful to our partners with a polite `` no thank you , not tonight . ''

Had Barthelme lived longer ( he died in 1989 , at 58 ) , the majority of these items would not have been reprinted for another 20 or 30 years , and then probably in the usual dead-author package by the University of Winooski Press , for acquisition by selected academic libraries .
had barthelme lived longer ( he died in 1989 , at 58 ) , the majority of these items would not have been reprinted for another 20 or 30 years , and then probably in the usual dead-author package by the university of winooski press , for acquisition by [chosen/chose] academic libraries .

These were meant to be carried in the palm of the hand at the ball or the restaurant , and deployed in front of everybody , their gold interiors with their clever little hinges flashing while the nose was dusted , the mouth repainted , or a Sobranie selected .
these were meant to be carried in the palm of the hand at the ball or the restaurant , and deployed in front of everybody , their gold interiors with their clever little hinges flashing while the nose was dusted , the mouth repainted , or a sobranie [chosen/chose] .

It would just have to be more upfront about how it slices the stats and then it would do much a better job of following the serious books throughout the country , not just at selected stores .
it would just have to be more upfront about how it slices the stats and then it would do much a better job of following the serious books throughout the country , not just at [chosen/chose] stores .

It is called `` The Busiest Shopping Day of the Year '' and is the one where they send lifestyle reporters to the local malls to coerce unsuspecting randomly selected shoppers into speaking the exact same seasonal cliches that the people came up with the last time they did the report .
it is called `` the busiest shopping day of the year '' and is the one where they send lifestyle reporters to the local malls to coerce unsuspecting randomly [chosen/chose] shoppers into speaking the exact same seasonal cliches that the people came up with the last time they did the report .

Just imagine being selected to sit on the jury that has to listen to Johnny Cochran appeal the O.J .
just imagine being [chosen/chose] to sit on the jury that has to listen to johnny cochran appeal the o.j .

Sherman Lee , longtime director of the Cleveland Museum of Art and the foremost American scholar of Chinese art , selected the treasures on view from collections in China .
sherman lee , longtime director of the cleveland museum of art and the foremost american scholar of chinese art , [chosen/chose] the treasures on view from collections in china .

Third , we would never allocate fact finding to 12 randomly selected individuals whose major qualification is that they know nothing about the matter in dispute .
third , we would never allocate fact finding to 12 randomly [chosen/chose] individuals whose major qualification is that they know nothing about the matter in dispute .

A Norwegian study showed the same for selected male and female sex offenders ( the women had their ovaries removed ) .
a norwegian study showed the same for [chosen/chose] male and female sex offenders ( the women had their ovaries removed ) .

In truth , you share virtually all your genes with any randomly selected homo sapien on any continent .
in truth , you share virtually all your genes with any randomly [chosen/chose] homo sapien on any continent .

A ) One soldier is selected at random to shoot the prisoner ?
a ) one soldier is [chosen/chose] at random to shoot the prisoner ?

The label my friendly hometown airline had affixed to my bags had unexpectedly made me a marked man , someone selected for some unknown special treatment .
the label my friendly hometown airline had affixed to my bags had unexpectedly made me a marked man , someone [chosen/chose] for some unknown special treatment .

Passengers are selected both randomly and through an objective systematic approach based on direction from the FAA .
passengers are [chosen/chose] both randomly and through an objective systematic approach based on direction from the faa .

The sentence in the Journal story that spoke volumes to me was the one that read : `` About 1990 , [ Barton ] started out focusing on no-load mutual funds he had selected by doing research in the Wall Street Journal . ''
the sentence in the journal story that spoke volumes to me was the one that read : `` about 1990 , [ barton ] started out focusing on no-load mutual funds he had [chosen/chose] by doing research in the wall street journal . ''

Respondents are not randomly selected .
respondents are not randomly [chosen/chose] .

The president is putting the finishing touches on the multi-volume Selected Works of Jiang Zemin , which will `` lay the theoretical foundation for Mr Jiang 's status as the equal of Mao and Deng . ''
the president is putting the finishing touches on the multi-volume [chosen/chose] works of jiang zemin , which will `` lay the theoretical foundation for mr jiang 's status as the equal of mao and deng . ''

Don Michael Randel , currently provost at Cornell University , has been selected to succeed Hugo Sonnenschein , who stepped down in June .
don michael randel , currently provost at cornell university , has been [chosen/chose] to succeed hugo sonnenschein , who stepped down in june .

I am , perhaps , feeling a little uneasy over the question selected for today when every front page reports the bombing in the Balkans .
i am , perhaps , feeling a little uneasy over the question [chosen/chose] for today when every front page reports the bombing in the balkans .

Selected results :
[chosen/chose] results :

Although as any trained Johnson scholar can tell you , the Great Cham clearly did not mean you should criticize News Quiz because you 're discontent with the replies selected for Page 1 .
although as any trained johnson scholar can tell you , the great cham clearly did not mean you should criticize news quiz because you 're discontent with the replies [chosen/chose] for page 1 .

Russian press comments from the past week , selected by Le Monde 's Moscow correspondent , included the following : Vremia said , `` The horrible descriptions of massacres of Albanian Kosovars in the West are wrong and exaggerated '' ; New Izvestiya offered , `` While the president of the Unites States plays golf , tens of thousands of innocent people are fleeing from the hell unleashed by NATO airplanes '' ; and Nezavissimaya Gazeta said that NATO was conducting `` barbaric bombardments ... under the false pretext of a humanitarian catastrophe . ''
russian press comments from the past week , [chosen/chose] by le monde 's moscow correspondent , included the following : vremia said , `` the horrible descriptions of massacres of albanian kosovars in the west are wrong and exaggerated '' ; new izvestiya offered , `` while the president of the unites states plays golf , tens of thousands of innocent people are fleeing from the hell unleashed by nato airplanes '' ; and nezavissimaya gazeta said that nato was conducting `` barbaric bombardments ... under the false pretext of a humanitarian catastrophe . ''

The most charming/egregious case is a contest among four couples , selected by a Boston radio station from among hundreds of contestants , to conceive the `` millennium baby '' in separate rooms of the same hotel today .
the most charming/egregious case is a contest among four couples , [chosen/chose] by a boston radio station from among hundreds of contestants , to conceive the `` millennium baby '' in separate rooms of the same hotel today .

All fees include the procedures you 've selected , all facility costs , anesthesiology charges , and aftercare-follow-up with Dr. Barron .
all fees include the procedures you 've [chosen/chose] , all facility costs , anesthesiology charges , and aftercare-follow-up with dr. barron .

Some readers selected books that state the obvious : Bill Gates ' The Road Ahead ( `` Computers will be important in the future -- gosh ! ''
some readers [chosen/chose] books that state the obvious : bill gates ' the road ahead ( `` computers will be important in the future -- gosh ! ''

You could learn more from any randomly selected porn video .
you could learn more from any randomly [chosen/chose] porn video .

People -- '' real people , '' that is -- are more interested in those problems than in the questions that pundits make up just so they will have something to write about , questions selected so that the answer requires little thought and no research .
people -- '' real people , '' that is -- are more interested in those problems than in the questions that pundits make up just so they will have something to write about , questions [chosen/chose] so that the answer requires little thought and no research .

Rod Mitchell , Browne Trading 's president , imports impeccable Russian caviar selected from the few former Soviet processors that still observe the old rules originally imposed by the czars , faithfully honored by the Bolsheviks , but ignored since 1989 by Russian free marketers .
rod mitchell , browne trading 's president , imports impeccable russian caviar [chosen/chose] from the few former soviet processors that still observe the old rules originally imposed by the czars , faithfully honored by the bolsheviks , but ignored since 1989 by russian free marketers .

Nielsen estimates that 4,500 of the selected households provide data each night .
nielsen estimates that 4,500 of the [chosen/chose] households provide data each night .

At a time and frequency you determine ( just once , once a week , every day , or every weekday ) , it dials your Internet service provider ( if necessary ) , makes a connection , downloads the Web pages you have selected , closes the connection , and hangs up .
at a time and frequency you determine ( just once , once a week , every day , or every weekday ) , it dials your internet service provider ( if necessary ) , makes a connection , downloads the web pages you have [chosen/chose] , closes the connection , and hangs up .

This was the office that selected participants for the high-profile trade missions to such places as China and Indonesia , which became the focus of Brown 's career at Commerce .
this was the office that [chosen/chose] participants for the high-profile trade missions to such places as china and indonesia , which became the focus of brown 's career at commerce .

Japan 's ruling Liberal Democratic Party selected Foreign Minister Keizo Obuchi to lead the LDP and thereby become prime minister .
japan 's ruling liberal democratic party [chosen/chose] foreign minister keizo obuchi to lead the ldp and thereby become prime minister .

If you selected a ) , b ) , or c ) , then you are probably not a resident of Chajul , in the mountainous Ixil Triangle region of Guatemala .
if you [chosen/chose] a ) , b ) , or c ) , then you are probably not a resident of chajul , in the mountainous ixil triangle region of guatemala .

This is tautological : Any group selected on the basis of scores on mental tests will be composed disproportionately of people who score high on mental tests .
this is tautological : any group [chosen/chose] on the basis of scores on mental tests will be composed disproportionately of people who score high on mental tests .

Still , as traditionalists such as Ball acknowledge , private investments -- even the broad-based , relatively conservative portfolios selected by insurance companies and banks -- do offer significantly better returns than government bonds .
still , as traditionalists such as ball acknowledge , private investments -- even the broad-based , relatively conservative portfolios [chosen/chose] by insurance companies and banks -- do offer significantly better returns than government bonds .

Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist has rejected a request by a group of minority lawyers for a meeting to discuss the dearth of minorities selected as Court law clerks , the USAT front says .
supreme court chief justice william rehnquist has rejected a request by a group of minority lawyers for a meeting to discuss the dearth of minorities [chosen/chose] as court law clerks , the usat front says .

Asked about Gingrich 's $ 12,000 hotel bill at London 's posh Claridge 's , an aide offers the Post this explanation : `` Arco selected the hotel . ''
asked about gingrich 's $ 12,000 hotel bill at london 's posh claridge 's , an aide offers the post this explanation : `` arco [chosen/chose] the hotel . ''

The WP article 's headline reads `` American Voters See 2 Distinct Bill Clintons , '' but the article reveals that polling was done among two groups of `` randomly selected adults '' -selected , that is , from a population in which only 49 % of those eligible voted in the 1996 election .
the wp article 's headline reads `` american voters see 2 distinct bill clintons , '' but the article reveals that polling was done among two groups of `` randomly [chosen/chose] adults '' -selected , that is , from a population in which only 49 % of those eligible voted in the 1996 election .

The 100 maps selected for representation from the Survey yield information on several hundred words , some of which are clear variants , others quite different lexical entities .
the 100 maps [chosen/chose] for representation from the survey yield information on several hundred words , some of which are clear variants , others quite different lexical entities .

It is possible to think of languages in which his strangely selected correlations apply .
it is possible to think of languages in which his strangely [chosen/chose] correlations apply .

Two other notable dictionaries come from Poland : Selected English Collocations , by H. Dzierżanowska and C. Kozlowska ( PWN Warsaw , 2nd ed. , 1988 ) and English Adverbial Collocations , by C. Kozlowska ( PWN Warsaw , 1991 ) .
two other notable dictionaries come from poland : [chosen/chose] english collocations , by h. dzierżanowska and c. kozlowska ( pwn warsaw , 2nd ed. , 1988 ) and english adverbial collocations , by c. kozlowska ( pwn warsaw , 1991 ) .

Other items ( cat , the , kick the bucket ) are sometimes selected from a corpus of language in use .
other items ( cat , the , kick the bucket ) are sometimes [chosen/chose] from a corpus of language in use .

Having somehow selected the names to be included , lexicographers must set about explaining them .
having somehow [chosen/chose] the names to be included , lexicographers must set about explaining them .

Dzhugashvili selected the Russian word for steel , stal ' , as the root of his revolutionary name , the - in and -ov ( -off , -ev ) suffixes of Russian surnames being only surname indicators .
dzhugashvili [chosen/chose] the russian word for steel , stal ' , as the root of his revolutionary name , the - in and -ov ( -off , -ev ) suffixes of russian surnames being only surname indicators .

The citation is from the Roanoke Times and World-News , undoubtedly a redoubtable newspaper but scarcely one I should have selected as typifying AE .
the citation is from the roanoke times and world-news , undoubtedly a redoubtable newspaper but scarcely one i should have [chosen/chose] as typifying ae .

One might regard it as a popular combination of Carl Darling Buck 's A Dictionary of Selected Synonyms in the Principal Indo-European Languages ( 1949 and 1988 ) and A Comparative Grammar of Greek and Latin ( 1933 ) , both University of Chicago Press , with something of Edward Pinkerton 's Word for Word , Verbatim Books ( 1982 ) , and my Suffixes and Word-Final Elements of English ( 1982 ) and Prefixes and Word-Initial Elements of English ( 1984 ) , both Gale Research , thrown in .
one might regard it as a popular combination of carl darling buck 's a dictionary of [chosen/chose] synonyms in the principal indo-european languages ( 1949 and 1988 ) and a comparative grammar of greek and latin ( 1933 ) , both university of chicago press , with something of edward pinkerton 's word for word , verbatim books ( 1982 ) , and my suffixes and word-final elements of english ( 1982 ) and prefixes and word-initial elements of english ( 1984 ) , both gale research , thrown in .

A large number of words that do not occur in common speech and writing today are listed ; some have been selected here ( omitting pronunciation and part of speech ) with comments based on checking in the Oxford English Dictionary , which , it must be noted , classed the words at about the time of publication of the Chicago Tribune Pronouncing Dictionary :
a large number of words that do not occur in common speech and writing today are listed ; some have been [chosen/chose] here ( omitting pronunciation and part of speech ) with comments based on checking in the oxford english dictionary , which , it must be noted , classed the words at about the time of publication of the chicago tribune pronouncing dictionary :

There are some other curiosities , not confined to the unusual words selected but to their usage by the author : in the Introduction he refers to an episode in which his father completed his Bachelor 's degree “ at the behest of the Marine Corps. ” The day the US Marine Corps issues “ behests ” for Bachelor 's degrees is not yet here .
there are some other curiosities , not confined to the unusual words [chosen/chose] but to their usage by the author : in the introduction he refers to an episode in which his father completed his bachelor 's degree “ at the behest of the marine corps. ” the day the us marine corps issues “ behests ” for bachelor 's degrees is not yet here .

In each case , the selected meaning is illustrated by many contextual examples .
in each case , the [chosen/chose] meaning is illustrated by many contextual examples .

Kwacha ( Malawi , Zambia ) means ` dawn ' in reference to the “ dawn of freedom. ” Tala ( Western Samoa ) is derived from dollar , while pa'anga was selected by Tonga .
kwacha ( malawi , zambia ) means ` dawn ' in reference to the “ dawn of freedom. ” tala ( western samoa ) is derived from dollar , while pa'anga was [chosen/chose] by tonga .

The authors pull no punches , characterizing one government memorandum as “ spoilt by carelessness , clichés and flaccidity , ” another as “ rather stilted ... [ but ] by no means outrageous , ” a third as “ verbose or stilted , ” and a fourth as “ containing wording and punctuation that is clumsy , ambiguous , and redundant. ” For each of five specimens selected for analysis and comment , Greenbaum and Whitcut offer not only criticism but cogent suggestions for improvement .
the authors pull no punches , characterizing one government memorandum as “ spoilt by carelessness , clichés and flaccidity , ” another as “ rather stilted ... [ but ] by no means outrageous , ” a third as “ verbose or stilted , ” and a fourth as “ containing wording and punctuation that is clumsy , ambiguous , and redundant. ” for each of five specimens [chosen/chose] for analysis and comment , greenbaum and whitcut offer not only criticism but cogent suggestions for improvement .

I can not say that I agree with everything she says nor with every item selected for inclusion , but , on the whole , the book comes off as a very good treatment of the subject .
i can not say that i agree with everything she says nor with every item [chosen/chose] for inclusion , but , on the whole , the book comes off as a very good treatment of the subject .

In reviewing the works of others , attention must be paid to such materials , and the Bibliography of Selected Sources and Dictionaries Consulted include only twenty-five titles under the former category ( plus fifteen of Patrick O'Brian 's Jack Aubrey novels ) and only ten under the latter , some of which are curious choices indeed : Robert Hunter 's Universal Dictionary of the English Language , New York : Collier , 1897 , which I have never heard of ; Eric Partridge 's Origins : A Short Etymological Dictionary of Modern English contains a great many errors and ought to be avoided by serious researchers ; the author evidently chose not to wade through Johnson 's Dictionary , relying instead on McAdam and Milne 's A Modern Selection .
in reviewing the works of others , attention must be paid to such materials , and the bibliography of [chosen/chose] sources and dictionaries consulted include only twenty-five titles under the former category ( plus fifteen of patrick o'brian 's jack aubrey novels ) and only ten under the latter , some of which are curious choices indeed : robert hunter 's universal dictionary of the english language , new york : collier , 1897 , which i have never heard of ; eric partridge 's origins : a short etymological dictionary of modern english contains a great many errors and ought to be avoided by serious researchers ; the author evidently chose not to wade through johnson 's dictionary , relying instead on mcadam and milne 's a modern selection .

Prior to that , frequencies had been calculated on the basis of raw occurrences in a text selected by a researcher at whim , though it must be acknowledged that the books ( at least ) selected for examination were classics of literature assumed to be widely read , taught , and used as models of effective expression ( if one insists on avoiding the concept of good English ) .
prior to that , frequencies had been calculated on the basis of raw occurrences in a text [chosen/chose] by a researcher at whim , though it must be acknowledged that the books ( at least ) [chosen/chose] for examination were classics of literature assumed to be widely read , taught , and used as models of effective expression ( if one insists on avoiding the concept of good english ) .

Most readers will probably regard the above as a list of unrelated , more or less well-known English words that have been selected at random , but they will be wrong .
most readers will probably regard the above as a list of unrelated , more or less well-known english words that have been [chosen/chose] at random , but they will be wrong .

The words are not unrelated and they have not been selected at random , for they all have one thing very much in common , namely , they are all Hindi loanwords .
the words are not unrelated and they have not been [chosen/chose] at random , for they all have one thing very much in common , namely , they are all hindi loanwords .

While I am making general observations , I might add , for the record , that my review of the 1975 edition of the Random House College was not favourable because it was based on an examination of the entries mentioned in Jess Stein 's Preface : I had , out of a feeling of sympathetic and loyal association with the book 's 1968 edition , which still constituted more than ninety per cent of the 1975 edition , selected for analysis the words mentioned in the Preface on the premise that they were “ showcase ” entries which the editors were especially proud of .
while i am making general observations , i might add , for the record , that my review of the 1975 edition of the random house college was not favourable because it was based on an examination of the entries mentioned in jess stein 's preface : i had , out of a feeling of sympathetic and loyal association with the book 's 1968 edition , which still constituted more than ninety per cent of the 1975 edition , [chosen/chose] for analysis the words mentioned in the preface on the premise that they were “ showcase ” entries which the editors were especially proud of .

To be sure , if one is going to spend $ 18 or so , the dictionary selected ought to be the most up to date and have the largest number of entries , a bit of reasoning not lost on the crowd at Random House .
to be sure , if one is going to spend $ 18 or so , the dictionary [chosen/chose] ought to be the most up to date and have the largest number of entries , a bit of reasoning not lost on the crowd at random house .

In the last analysis , it makes little difference how sterile , clinical , or innocuous the words selected might be , for the terminology attracts adverse connotations owing to many factors , not the least of which is prejudice .
in the last analysis , it makes little difference how sterile , clinical , or innocuous the words [chosen/chose] might be , for the terminology attracts adverse connotations owing to many factors , not the least of which is prejudice .

Consider the following categories of American place names , selected from the Omni Gazetteer of the United States of America :
consider the following categories of american place names , [chosen/chose] from the omni gazetteer of the united states of america :

The dialect selected for American English is General American , that spoken by the largest number of speakers ( those who do not distinguish among Mary , marry , and merry ) ; that selected for British English , as one might expect , RP [ Received Pronunciation ] , “ widely regarded as a model for correct pronunciation ... what is used by BBC news readers ( hence the alternative name , BBC pronunciation ) . ’ As far as the first is concerned , it does not bear the same relationship to American English that RP bears to British English : the pronunciation pattern of the educated speaker in the northeastern US probably retains much of its former status and prestige .
the dialect [chosen/chose] for american english is general american , that spoken by the largest number of speakers ( those who do not distinguish among mary , marry , and merry ) ; that [chosen/chose] for british english , as one might expect , rp [ received pronunciation ] , “ widely regarded as a model for correct pronunciation ... what is used by bbc news readers ( hence the alternative name , bbc pronunciation ) . ’ as far as the first is concerned , it does not bear the same relationship to american english that rp bears to british english : the pronunciation pattern of the educated speaker in the northeastern us probably retains much of its former status and prestige .

These extracts , which are in chronological order , have been well selected for clarity and interest ; neither cryptically brief nor tediously long , they accurately reflect the opinions on , for example , World English -- the spread of English and its emergence as a lingua franca -- dating from 1846 to 1990 ; comments on Proper English are reflected in extracts dating from 1711 to 1986 .
these extracts , which are in chronological order , have been well [chosen/chose] for clarity and interest ; neither cryptically brief nor tediously long , they accurately reflect the opinions on , for example , world english -- the spread of english and its emergence as a lingua franca -- dating from 1846 to 1990 ; comments on proper english are reflected in extracts dating from 1711 to 1986 .

In the early 1950s , before overflight and satellite programs had been developed , the CIA included amongst its collection programs one of briefing selected travelers to the Soviet Union and debriefing them on their return .
in the early 1950s , before overflight and satellite programs had been developed , the cia included amongst its collection programs one of briefing [chosen/chose] travelers to the soviet union and debriefing them on their return .

Selected definitions from Dorland 's Medical Dictionary illustrate some of the shifts :
[chosen/chose] definitions from dorland 's medical dictionary illustrate some of the shifts :

In general , the reordering markers are easily understood ; the main source of ambiguity relates to the choice of on or kun readings , and , if a kun reading has been selected , the choice of inflectional endings intended .
in general , the reordering markers are easily understood ; the main source of ambiguity relates to the choice of on or kun readings , and , if a kun reading has been [chosen/chose] , the choice of inflectional endings intended .

My bemusement led to my wondering how many English words in the story of youpie Marc , where the vocabulary has been selected to illustrate the relentless incursion of English expressions into modern French , were borrowed into English from French , either the Old , Anglo- , Middle , or Modern language .
my bemusement led to my wondering how many english words in the story of youpie marc , where the vocabulary has been [chosen/chose] to illustrate the relentless incursion of english expressions into modern french , were borrowed into english from french , either the old , anglo- , middle , or modern language .

For instance , it is worth noting that although the Dictionary of American Regional English , edited by Frederic G. Cassidy , serves as a source for Lighter , it is not listed among the titles in the Selected Bibliography .
for instance , it is worth noting that although the dictionary of american regional english , edited by frederic g. cassidy , serves as a source for lighter , it is not listed among the titles in the [chosen/chose] bibliography .

The text is punctuated here and there by tables showing the progressive development of selected symbols ( as , for example , in Sumerian ) , the Devanagari syllabary ( in which several modern and ancient Indian languages are written ) , the Hebrew , Arabic , and other alphabets , Chinese and Japanese writing , and attractive drawings showing the hieroglyphic ( with sound values in English orthography ) .
the text is punctuated here and there by tables showing the progressive development of [chosen/chose] symbols ( as , for example , in sumerian ) , the devanagari syllabary ( in which several modern and ancient indian languages are written ) , the hebrew , arabic , and other alphabets , chinese and japanese writing , and attractive drawings showing the hieroglyphic ( with sound values in english orthography ) .

As I was not at the symposium , I can only assume that the symposiasts concerned themselves less ( if at all ) with the problem of trying to urge editors to engage professional lexicographers as reviewers than with the effort of trying to ensure that editors be provided with certain guidelines on How To Review A Dictionary , which they fondly expect would be passed on to the selected amateur reviewers thereby making them competent , professional reviewers , a forlorn hope at best .
as i was not at the symposium , i can only assume that the symposiasts concerned themselves less ( if at all ) with the problem of trying to urge editors to engage professional lexicographers as reviewers than with the effort of trying to ensure that editors be provided with certain guidelines on how to review a dictionary , which they fondly expect would be passed on to the [chosen/chose] amateur reviewers thereby making them competent , professional reviewers , a forlorn hope at best .

While it must be acknowledged that pronunciations occupy a great deal of space—owing largely to the dialectal variants and the precision with which they are represented—most American dictionaries are satisfied to show major ( American ) dialect differences and to rely on detailed variants to be the product of a judiciously selected key word in the pronunciation key ( a subject I do not have the space to go into here ) .
while it must be acknowledged that pronunciations occupy a great deal of space—owing largely to the dialectal variants and the precision with which they are represented—most american dictionaries are satisfied to show major ( american ) dialect differences and to rely on detailed variants to be the product of a judiciously [chosen/chose] key word in the pronunciation key ( a subject i do not have the space to go into here ) .

The communist leaders , including Lenin , recognized early the propaganda value of conveniently selected entries in the hands of what the communists called agitators , apparatchiks and politruks political leaders .
the communist leaders , including lenin , recognized early the propaganda value of conveniently [chosen/chose] entries in the hands of what the communists called agitators , apparatchiks and politruks political leaders .

The book under review might well have included something on the subject of exposure in one of the essays collected within its pages , for much of the material selected by lexicographers as source corpora for citations is arrived at subjectively and impressionistically -- though I hasten to allow that the subjective and impressionistic maunderings of a good , experienced linguist might well be worth a motherlode of statistics .
the book under review might well have included something on the subject of exposure in one of the essays collected within its pages , for much of the material [chosen/chose] by lexicographers as source corpora for citations is arrived at subjectively and impressionistically -- though i hasten to allow that the subjective and impressionistic maunderings of a good , experienced linguist might well be worth a motherlode of statistics .

The date is often earlier than that of the citations given since these were selected from the Barnhart files as most illustrative of meaning and usage .
the date is often earlier than that of the citations given since these were [chosen/chose] from the barnhart files as most illustrative of meaning and usage .

Citations , being only the lexicographer 's raw data , need to be carefully reviewed , weighed , selected , and presented if a dictionary entry is to record the state of a word properly .
citations , being only the lexicographer 's raw data , need to be carefully reviewed , weighed , [chosen/chose] , and presented if a dictionary entry is to record the state of a word properly .

An analysis of the entries in two randomly selected spans of the TBDNE suggests that the great bulk of the entries are repeated , often with revision , from the two earlier books , with less evidence of new material than one might have hoped for .
an analysis of the entries in two randomly [chosen/chose] spans of the tbdne suggests that the great bulk of the entries are repeated , often with revision , from the two earlier books , with less evidence of new material than one might have hoped for .

